http://www.radioshack.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was last revised on October 13, 2020
Introduction and Overview
You have arrived at a web site that is provided by RadioShack Online, Inc. and/or its affiliates (“RadioShack” or “we,” “our” or “us”). This “Privacy Policy” governs your use of www.RadioShack.com and any other official RadioShack sites (including mobile sites or apps), and any interactive features, applications, and/or other services that we make available through a site that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, referred to as the “Site”). This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information (defined below) we may collect from you in our RadioShack retail stores (“Store” or “Stores”), and through official surveys and sweepstakes entry forms, or in any other instance when you contact us or interact with us.
This Privacy Policy describes what information RadioShack collects about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and under what circumstances we share it with third parties. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you can make about how we use your information. To the extent we provide you notice on our Site or in our Stores of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
Table of Contents
It is important that you read and understand the entire Privacy Policy before using the Site. To ease review, each section below contains a brief introductory summary and a link to the full explanation. You can click on the headings and the “More” buttons to be taken to the full explanation. Should you wish to print out this Privacy Policy, you may do so via the “print” feature of your web browser.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect When You Use the Site
Location-Based Information
Information We Collect From Third Parties
Information We Collect When You Interact with Third-Party Sites
Information You Provide About a Third Party
How We Use the Information We Collect
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
When You Request We Share With Third Parties
Third Parties Providing Services to RadioShack
Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op
To Protect the Rights of RadioShack and our Users
Affiliates and Business Transfer
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
Co-Branded Areas
Information You Disclose Publicly
User Content and Public Information
Name and Likeness
Interest-Based Advertising
Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Sites
Transfer of Information to the United States
What Should Parents Know About Children
Security
How Long Is My Personal Information Retained
Updating Your Information and Choices
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Applicable Law
Langauge
State Specific Information:
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
Full Detailed Privacy Policy
Collection of Information: We collect the following categories and types of information from the various sources highlighted below:
Information You Provide to Us
In this Policy “Personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. This will usually include various different types of information as describe below.
We may ask you to provide us with the following Personal Information: (1) contact information and other identifying information, including your first and last name, email address, home address, zip code, phone number; (2) financial information, including credit and debit card numbers, checking account numbers; (3) demographic information, including date of birth ; (4) audio and visual information, including your videos and photos; (5) commercial information, including products purchased or viewed on our Site; and (6) inferences drawn from the other information that we receive directly or passively from you, in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitude. We may collect this information from you such as when you:
Submit account registration forms;
Sign up or request to be placed on our mailing, SMS text and/or email marketing lists;
Place an order through the Site;
Participate in a survey or Promotion (defined in Section 3(e) below);
Contact us regarding a question or concern;
Submit an application for employment; and
Otherwise interact with the Site or the Store.
Your decision to provide this information is voluntary, but if you choose not to provide this requested information you may not be able to take advantage of all of the Site’s features or our services.
Information We Passively Collect When You Use the Site
In addition to information that you choose to submit to us, we and/or our service providers may automatically collect and/or store certain identifiable information when you visit or interact with the Site (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may be stored and/or accessed from your personal computer, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Site. Usage Information may include:
your IP address or other unique identifier ( “Device Identifier”);
your Device browser, operating system and mobile network information;
the areas within our Site that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences;
your general location; and
certain other Device data, including the time of day you visit our Site, among other information.
We may use various methods and technologies to collect and/or store Usage Information, such as:
Cookies. A cookie is a file placed on a Device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information on your Device. Our Site may use HTTP cookies, HTML5 cookies, Flash cookies and other types of cookie technology to store information on local storage. Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some (but not all) instances can be blocked by selecting certain settings. Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options. Please note that these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, visit www.adobe.com. Please understand that if you disable or remove any type of cookie, some parts of our Site may not function properly.
Web Beacons. A Web Beacon is a small tag (which may be invisible to you) that may be placed on our Site’s pages and messages. Web beacons may be used by us for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. The embedded script does not collect your Personal Information.
ETag, or entity tag. An ETag or entity tag is a feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash and/or HTML5 cookies.
We may use the above technologies (or ones we incorporate in the future) for a variety of purposes, including:
Prevention of fraudulent activity and improved security functionality.
To assess the performance of the Site.
To offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Site, including identifying you when you signin to our Site or keeping track of your specified preferences.
To deliver content relevant to your interests on our Site and thirdparty sites based on how you interact with our advertisements and/or content.
Location-Based Information
Our Site (including our mobile apps) may use location-based services to verify your location, deliver you relevant content and/or advertising based on your location, as well as to share your location with our service providers as part of the location-based services we offer. Further, we or our service providers may use your location information to display our nearest Store location to you. You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device, or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all RadioShack applications from your mobile device.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
We may also receive information about you from your friends and other third parties, and combine or link that information with information we have about you. To the extent we combine information we receive from third parties with your Personal Information, the combined information, unless disclosed otherwise, will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. In no other circumstances will this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties.
Information We Collect When You Interact with Third-Party Sites
The Site may allow certain kinds of interactions between the Site and your account on a third-party site or application. The use of this functionality may involve the third-party site providing information, including Personal Information, to us. For example, when you register with the Site, you may have an option to use your Facebook account to facilitate the registration or transaction process on the Site. If you choose to use this functionality, the third-party site may send Personal Information about you to us. If so, we will treat this information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may provide links on the Site to facilitate sending a communication from the Site. For example, we may use third parties to facilitate emails, Tweets or Facebook postings. These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy. You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such tools.
Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Site, such as sending an invitation to a friend. If so, the information you provide (names, email addresses, mobile number, etc.) will be used to facilitate the communication and will not be used for marketing purposes unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Site, your email address, mobile number, name or username and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s). Some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information for various purposes, including, but not limited to, the following:
Improving the effectiveness of our Site, marketing endeavors and service offerings;
Processing credit applications;
Site registration;
Processing and completing purchase, return and similar transactions;
Providing customer service;
Notifying you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased;
Sending you direct mail offerings;
Sending you email communications such as electronic newsletters about our products, services and Promotions;
Sending you email about orders you have made on RadioShack.com;
Enabling you to participate in the Site’s features such as surveys and Promotions;
Identifying your product and service preferences and informing you of new or additional products, services and Promotions that may be of interest to you;
Providing mobile marketing messages and service messages;
To analyze preferences, trends and statistics; and
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information with third parties under various circumstances, including, but not limited to, the following:
When You Request We Share With Third Parties.
We may share information with third parties at your request. In the event we do so, all information we disclose will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of such third parties. In addition, the third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their technologies, content or apps on our Site or link to them from our Site. This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest or other third-party posting or content sharing tools. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies prior to interacting with them.
Third Parties Providing Services to RadioShack.
We may use third party service providers to perform certain services, such as: (a) to assist us in e-commerce operations; (b) to manage a database of customer information; (c) hosting the Site; (d) designing and/or operating the Site’s features; (e) tracking the Site’s activities and analytics; (f) enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services; (g) to allow you to participate in live chat on the Site; and (h) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We may provide third parties with access to your information to carry out the services they are performing for us. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf.  Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by us. Third-party analytics and other service providers such as Google Analytics may set and access their own technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you. These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. However, some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices. For example, to learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please click here. To learn about opting out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics and on-site personalization, please click here. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options.
Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op.
RadioShack participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our Site and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. To learn more about how Adobe does this, click here. Please note, We are not responsible for Adobe’s compliance with Adobe’s privacy policy.
To Protect the Rights of RadioShack and our Users.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of RadioShack or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, our Terms of Use, and other applicable agreements and policies); or (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas or court orders).
Affiliates and Business Transfer.
We may share your information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Site and/or our Stores; or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including during the course of any due diligence process.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the Site, in the Stores or through one of our social media pages that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and likeness in advertising associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winner’s list.
Co-Branded Areas.
Certain areas of the Site may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Areas”) such as co-promotional partners and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of your information. If you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Site, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area. An example of a Co-Branded Area is the RadioShack Rewards Card. We are not responsible for such third party’s data collection or practices and you should look to such third party privacy policies for more information.
Information You Disclose Publicly
User Content and Public Information.
The Site may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, videos, audio recordings, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, “User Content”), on blogs, social media sites and message boards and other public forums, as well as in connection with our Site’s product review service and wish list feature. We or others may store, display, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format and may or may not attribute the User Content to you. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please note that RadioShack does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Site or what others do with information you share with them on the Site.
Name and Likeness.
We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User Content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities. For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit, please review our Terms of Use.
Interest-Based Advertising
You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties. These networks track your online activities over time and across third party websites and online services by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of the technologies described in the “Information We Collect When You Use the Site” Section above, and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests. The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site, such as the pages you have viewed. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We and our service providers, including Google and Adobe, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as a DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our internet advertising methods are related to your related to visits to the Site.
To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick’s use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page, here. To learn more about ad networks, including how to opt-out, please click here.
Also, some third parties, such as companies that offer Internet browsers, have developed signals (e.g., browser do not track signals) that give you a choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms offered by Internet browsers. If you would like more information on self-regulatory programs that permit you to exercise choice, click on the ad networks link in the paragraph above.
Third-Party Content and Links to Third-Party Sites
The Site may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when pages from the Site are served to you. In addition, when you are on the Site, you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties. For example, the giftcertificates.com site used to purchase RadioShack gift cards online is operated by a third party. We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. You access these third party websites or content at your own risk. For example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Site onto a different site. These other sites may independently collect data about you and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.
Transfer of Information to the United States
Our Site is operated in the United States and Canada and intended for users located only in the United States and Canada. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Site or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information in the United States.
What Should Parents Know About Children
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world. We do not use the Site to knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. If you are a child under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Site and should not send any information about yourself to us through the Site.
In the event that we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from any child, we will dispose of that information in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of 13 has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at support@RadioShack.com, and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our databases.  California users under the age of 18 may request the removal of their content or information publicly posted on the Site by e-mailing us at support@RadioShack.com.
Security
We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you provide us with your information at your own risk.
How Long Is My Personal Information Retained
We will keep your Personal Information only as long as is commercially reasonable for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy or for any such period as may be required by applicable law.
Updating Your Information and Choices
You may update or correct information about you through the Site’s account registration forms or by contacting us:
By Phone: (800) 384-0700.
By Email: support@RadioShack.com.
By Postal Mail: RadioShack Online, Inc., Attn: Customer Service, 1680 Michigan Ave, Ste 700, Miami Beach, FL 33139.
You may opt out of receiving promotional mail, emails and/or text messages from us by sending an email to supporte@RadioShack.com or letter to RadioShack, Attn: Customer Service, 1680 Michigan Ave, Ste 700, Miami Beach, FL 33139. Please be sure to include your current information and the requested changes you would like us to make to your marketing profile in your communication. You may also cancel or modify our email marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional emails. Additionally, if you subscribe to text messages from us, you can terminate a particular text message subscription by reply texting “STOP.” Please allow 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from RadioShack. Please note that we will retain your information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. Also, if you have made any public postings on the Site such as in user comment sections of the Site, these communications cannot generally be removed.
Please note that we may still send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Site, such as administrative and service announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, or practices described in it, please direct your communication to the above address “Attn: Privacy Officer/Legal Department.” You may also send an email to legal@RadioShack.com.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Site indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use and you will be bound by such changes unless you advise us in writing, by phone or by e-mail that you wish to withdraw your consent (as per the procedure outlined above). You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Privacy Policy and any changes thereto.
Applicable Law
The Privacy Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
Language
The parties have requested that this Privacy Policy and all related documents be drawn up in English only. Les parties aux présentes ont exigé que le présent contrat et tous les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais seulement.
Your California Privacy Rights
California's Civil Code section 1798.100 et seq. provides residents of California a number of rights as they relate to Personal Information. These are the “right to know”, the “right to delete”, and the “right to opt-out”.
Right to Know. You may request RadioShack provide you the specific pieces of Personal Information that RadioShack has about you; categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected; categories of Personal Information that RadioShack sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you; categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information. Please note that much of the information you can make a request for is already contained in this Policy. Should you wish to exercise this right, please see the section below which explains how to do so. If you do not have an account with RadioShack, we will need to have sufficient information to be able to verify your identity, such as your email address, phone number, and last date of purchase.
Right to Delete. California law gives residents a limited right to request deletion of their Personal Information. However, this right is limited by a number of exceptions. Fundamentally, if RadioShack has a permissible need to retain Personal Information, we are not under an obligation to delete such information, even when requested. Generally, we retain Personal Information so we may complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between us and you; detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity; debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our online properties; enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with RadioShack; comply with a legal obligation; or otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which your provided the information. As such, we generally do not accept requests to delete Personal Information. However, we will respond to requests to remove Personal Information from some of our systems as a part of a request to close or otherwise disable a membership account. If you would like to request deletion of Personal Information, please see the section below which explains how to do so. If you do not have an account with RadioShack, we will need to have sufficient information to be able to verify your identity, such as your email address, phone number, and last date of purchase..
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Personal Information that We Sell
We may “sell” (as sell is defined in California's Civil Code section 1798.140) the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers
Characteristics of protected classifications under California and federal law;
Internet/electronic activity;
Commercial information; and
Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, preferences, behavior and attitudes.
We “sell” your Personal Information to digital advertising networks.  We do not knowingly sell the Personal Information of minors under the age of 16.
If you would like to opt-out of any sale of your Personal Information, you may do so by following the procedure outlined above in the section entitled “interest based advertising”.
Designating an Authorized Agent. California law permits California residents to designate an agent to manage their rights under California law. If you would like to designate an agent to manage your privacy preferences, you may do so using the mechanisms noted below under “Exercising California Privacy Rights”. Note that If you do not have an account with RadioShack, we will need to have sufficient information to be able to verify your identity, such as your email address, phone number, and last date of purchase. We will also need sufficient Personal Information about your authorized agent to be able to identify them. As part of this process, you must have permission from your authorized agent to disclose their Personal Information to us for the purpose of acting as your agent.
Non-discrimination. California law does not permit RadioShack to discriminate against you because you exercised any your rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by: denying you access to goods or services; charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; providing a different level or quality of goods or services; suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Financial Incentives. We offer various financial incentives. The terms of the financial incentive will be presented to you at the time you sign up.  You may withdraw from any of the financial incentives by contacting us at support@RadioShack.com.  The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you.  We have calculated the value of the incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Exercising California privacy rights. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights you may do so by contacting us via the methods noted above in the section entitled “Updating Your Information and Choices”. Please be aware that RadioShack will need to have sufficient information to be able to verify your identity, such as your email address, phone number, and last date of purchase. Please include the right that you are exercisingin the subject line to your request.
Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
Connecticut law requires any entity that collects Social Security numbers from Connecticut residents in the course of business to create a privacy protection policy and to publish or display it publicly. It is our policy to protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers in our possession from misuse and improper disclosure by maintaining and enforcing policies and physical and electronic safeguards against misuse and improper disclosure. Unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers is prohibited, and access to them is limited to personnel who need access to such information in order to perform their job functions.
©2020 RadioShack. All Rights Reserved.
Sunday,Monday,Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday,Friday,SaturdayJanuary,February,March,April,May,June,July,August,September,October,November,DecemberNot enough items available. Only [max] left.
Shopping cart
Your cart is empty.Return To Shop
Enable cookies to use the shopping cartEstimate ShippingAdd A Coupon
Subtotal:
$0.00
Taxes, shipping and discounts codes calculated at checkout
View cartCheck Out
Estimate Shipping
Country
Province
Postal/Zip Code
Add A Coupon
Coupon code will work on checkout page