http://www.decorativefilm.com/decorative-privacy-films-for-bathroom-windows-and-shower-doors
Favorites Sign In
Home/ Bathrooms & Showers Inspiration
Adding Privacy to Bathroom Windows and Shower Doors Has Never Been Easier
Decorative Films exclusive line of Decorative Privacy Films are the ideal way to easily add privacy to your Bathroom Windows and Glass Shower Doors. We have created this page as a guide to help you find the perfect style of Privacy Film to match your bathrooms specific decor and to inspire you with beautiful installations completed by DIY'ers just like you.
Adding to Bathroom Windows
Feeling a little overexposed by Bathroom Windows with a clear line of sight from the neighbors or the street?
Then our Decorative Privacy Films are the best way to add privacy to your Bathroom Windows! Add style and privacy to your Bathroom Windows while still allowing the light to shine in, unlike Heavy Drapes or Blinds. Choose from a variety of patterns and opacities to find the film that is just right for your bathroom windows.
Adding Privacy to Shower Doors
Want to add some extra privacy and pizzazz to your Glass Shower Doors?
Painlessly complete your bathrooms decor with the addition of one of our Decorative Privacy Films to your Glass Shower Doors. Achieve the look of expensive Textured or Frosted glass at a fraction of the cost with our unique Frosted and Textured Window Films only available from Decorative Films. Our Privacy Films are an excellent way to refresh the look of your bathroom without the hassle and expense of a remodel.
Try Our Products in Your Environment
We know that the best way to select the perfect film for your specific application is to try our Decorative Privacy Films out in your own environment.
Just select a handful of your favorite styles, then click "Add Sample"
from the products page. It's as simple as that!
Choose Your Free Samples Now
Popular Privacy Films for Bathrooms & Shower
14 Reviews
SOLYX SX-1730 Rhombus
Starting at $8.44 per running foot
Shop More Styles Like This
4 Reviews
SOLYX SX-1546 Frosted Vine
Starting at $16.92 per running foot
Shop More Styles Like This
30 Reviews
SOLYX SX-3141 Dusted Leaf
Starting at $5.57 per running foot
Shop More Styles Like This
26 Reviews
SOLYX SXWF-WM White Matte
Starting at $5.25 per running foot
Shop More Styles Like This
Privacy Film Styles Commonly Used For
All Categories
Shop All Styles
Gift Certificate
Accessories
SOLYX Catalogs SimGlas Cleaner Installation Tools Dry Erase Marker Kit
Casper™ by Designtex
Casper™ Cloaking Film Casper™ Graphic Films
Colored Films
Transparent PET Colors Transparent PVC Colors Translucent Colors Dichroic Window Films Patterned Colored Films
Cut-to-Size Films
Elegant Textured Films
Cut Glass Dichroic Textured
Exterior Films
Exterior Frosted Exterior Opaque Exterior Patterned Exterior Solar Protection
Frosted & Etched
Simple Frosted Frosted Colors Opaque Light Diffusing Frosted Patterns
Glasslike Distortion
SimGlas: SGC - Crystal SimGlas: SGD - Dusted SimGlas: SGV - Frosted SimGlas: Cleaner & Polish
Gradient Films
24 Inch High 50 Inch High 60 Inch High 71 Inch High
Holiday Themes
Made to Size Films
Made to Size - Beaches Made to Size - Diverse Made to Size - Elegant Made to Size - Macro Made to Size - Skies Made to Size - Trees Made to Size - R. Raum
Shop by Width
12 Inch Wide 24 Inch Wide 36 Inch Wide 48 Inch Wide 60 Inch Wide 72 Inch Wide
Patterned Privacy Films
Natural Stripes & Patterns Squares Dots Rice Paper
Solar Control, Auto & Safety
Heat Blocking Films UV Blocking Films Safety Film Glare Control Films Automotive Tint films UltraCool® TRANSITIONAL Darkening films
Specialty Films
Anti-Fog Film Anti-Graffiti Ashley Cecil Bird Safety Bird Safety Rear Projection Writable One Way Visibility Temporary UltraCool® Specialty TRANSITIONAL Darkening films
Stained Glass Films
Stained Glass Static Cling Window Films Stained Glass Adhesive Window Films
Static Cling Films
Static Cling Cut Glass Static Cling Frosted Patterns Static Cling Plain Privacy Static Cling Textured Static Cling Stained Glass Static Cling Tint
Best Selling Window Films
Featured Window Films
New Window Films
Popular Window Films
Discounted Privacy Films
Quick Order
Copyright © 2020 Decorative Films, LLC.. Powered by Miva