https://www.seawaychina.com/seaway-china-conditions-of-use/
Skip to content
Seaway China Company has partnered with Lion and Unicorn Auctioneers on a new adventure! Although these items are not available, we hold monthly auctions with 100s of Royal Doulton, Lladro and other Collectibles. Please be sure to visit lionandunicorn.com for our upcoming auction.
Explore Our Auctions
About Us
About the Owners
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Payment Options
Visit Our Gallery
Museums & Exhibitions
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Conditions of Use
Seaway China® Website Conditions of Use as of 12/09/2015
Welcome to the Seaway China ® Website. By using the Seaway China Website YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS CONDITIONS OF USE (explained below), LEGAL NOTICES, PRIVACY POLICY and all disclaimers and terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Seaway China Website. Seaway China reserves the right to make changes to the Seaway China Website and its Conditions of Use and Legal Notices at any time. Each time you use the Seaway China Website, you agree to visit and review the then current Conditions of Use, Legal Notices and Privacy Policy that apply to your transactions and use of this site. If you are dissatisfied with the Seaway China Website, its content or Conditions of Use and Legal Notices, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Seaway China Website. Tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
By using the Seaway China Website, you expressly agree that use of the Seaway China Website is at your sole risk. The Seaway China Website is provided on an “AS IS” and “as available” basis. Neither Seaway China nor its parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, “Associates”) warrant that use of the Seaway China Website will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither Seaway China nor its Associates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on the Seaway China Website or the products or services offered for sale on the Seaway China Website. Further, Seaway China makes no representation that content provided on the Seaway China Website is applicable to, or appropriate for use in, locations outside of the United States. Seaway China and its Associates specifically disclaim all warranties, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by Seaway China or its Associates shall create a warranty. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. You agree that under no circumstances shall Seaway China or its Associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from your use of or inability to use the Seaway China Website, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from the Seaway China Website that results in mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion or corruption of files, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance. The foregoing Limitation of Liability shall apply in any action, whether in contract, tort or any other claim, even if an authorized representative of Seaway China has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the Seaway China Website. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Intended for Users 18 and Over
The Seaway China Website is intended for use by individuals 18 years of age or older. The Seaway China Website is not for use by children under the age of 18. Users under the age of 18 should get the assistance of a parent or guardian to use this site.
Color of Products
The Seaway China Website attempts to display product images shown on the site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see matches the product color, as the display of the color depends upon many variables, including but not limited to the settings on the monitor you are using.
Errors on Our Site
Prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Seaway China reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Seaway China will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with Seaway China’s Return Policy.
Pricing Policy
Online prices and selection generally match those in our catalogues, but may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change without notice. Any errors in pricing shall be handled in accordance with our Error policy above. Seaway China will notify you and correct any pricing errors on the site. Seaway China products will only be sold at the correct price.
Sales Tax Policy
Seaway China collects and remits sales tax in the amount of 7% on orders for which the shipping and/or billing address is located in the state of Florida.
Paying for Your Order
Ordering from our website is convenient and secure. Our website uses the most sophisticated encryption methods available to protect your privacy and sensitive financial information. You may pay for your orders with PayPal, or with major credit cards issued in the United States of America. Currently, we accept Visa®, MasterCard®, American Express® and Discover® Card.
Generally, credit and debit card are not charged until we either ship the item(s) to you or confirm store availability (at which time you will be charged only for the goods we have actually shipped along with any appropriate taxes or shipping charges). However, we may pre-authorize your order amount with your credit or debit card issuer at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your available credit line. When paying for a preorder with a debit card you will be charged at the time you place your preorder. Please contact your credit card issuer for more information. In order to provide additional convenience and expedite your checkout process, we also accept the following payment methods:
Using Google or PayPal provides you with additional security and convenience, allowing you to speed through the checkout process by skipping steps such as entering your billing and shipping addresses or credit card details.
If you ordered a special delivery item, you will be charged once a delivery time is confirmed. For digitally delivered orders, your credit or debit card will be charged at the time that you initiate the download of the product.
Payment via Telephone
If you prefer to submit your payment information via telephone, or if you’d like to pay by check or money order, you may submit your order online. Select the ‘Pay Via Telephone’ option during checkout, and a Seaway China representative will contact you to complete your order. It’s our pleasure to make your buying experience as convenient as possible!
Three-Payment Option
We are proud to offer the convenience of three easy payments when purchasing from Seaway China. The total price of your order will be divided into three installments (one per month scheduled for the recurring day of the month on which you placed your order) and billed monthly with the first payment due on the day the order was placed. Once your first payment is received, we will ship your order to you via the shipping method you select and will continue to bill your selected method of payment until the three-payment plan expires. If paying by incremental personal checks, please date your checks to correspond with the payment plan established with your Royal Doulton Specialist. The three-payment plan is interest free and is offered as a convenience to you. It is our pleasure to provide this payment option as a courtesy to all our collectors. Please speak with your Royal Doulton Specialist to coordinate payment when placing an order with Seaway China. PLEASE NOTE: Our three-payment plan is currently NOT AVAILABLE for orders paid via PayPal or Google Checkout. Thank you for your understanding and we apologize for any Inconvenience
Validating Your Order
After you place an order using our shopping cart, we will check the information you give us for validity, by verifying your method of payment or shipping address. We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. If we reject your order, we will attempt to notify you using the e-mail address you have given us with the order. Your credit or debit card will normally not be charged if we reject an order, but we will process a refund if the charge has been made against your card.
Order Acceptance/Confirmation
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. The Seaway China Website reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Order Limitations
We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. If we reject your order, we will generally attempt to notify you using the e-mail address you gave us when you placed the order.
Order Limitations/Limited Quantities
Seaway China may, at its own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. Seaway China also reserves the right to reject any order you place with us. These restrictions may include orders placed by the same Seaway China Website account, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address provided at the time the order was made.
Shipping & Delivery
All orders placed on this site are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to Seaway China’s shipping policies. As a courtesy to our customers, we charge the same low, flat shipping rate for every order from our website; just $9 for the first item and $1 for each additional item (continental USA). Please see below for international shipping rates. United States (contiguous) $9.00 for the first item $1.00 for each additional item U.K. / Australia / New Zealand $35.00 for first item $10.00 for each additional item Canada $15.00 for the first item $3.00 for each additional item All Other Countries Contact customer service for rates at 1 (800) 968-2424. In the rare event that your order never arrives, notification of lost items must be received within 60 days from receipt of the shipping confirmation e-mail. Seaway China reserves the right to adjust shipping rates and policies without notice.
International Orders
Customers shipping orders to destinations outside the United States are responsible for all taxes, duties, tariffs and fees in addition to adhering to all applicable customs laws and restrictions associated with the import of products into that country from the United States. Because these laws and fees can change over time, Seaway China encourages customers to check with the applicable Customs offices before placing an order. Seaway China does not add any of these fees to orders before checkout. Seaway China will not reimburse the Customer for any portion of the price of goods purchased, the cost of shipping, taxes, customs or any other fee on orders undelivered due to recipient refusal.
Rush Delivery
Overnight, 2-day, and 3-day guaranteed delivery options are available. Special rates will apply for express delivery. Please contact customer service for rates at 1 (800) 968-2424.
Termination of Use
Seaway China may, in its sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the Seaway China Website at anytime. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. Seaway China reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the Seaway China Website at any time without prior notice.
Search for:
Home
Explore
Royal Doulton
Figurines
Character Jugs and Toby Jugs
Flambe
Bunnykins
Animals
Advertising Characters
Literature
Other Popular Brands
Lladro Porcelain
Coalport Collectables
Royal Worcester
Bairstow Manor Collectables
Jim Shore Collectibles
McIntosh Boxed Mug Sets
About
About the Owners
Shipping & Returns
Payment Options
Visit Our Gallery
Museums & Exhibitions
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Conditions of Use
Contact
Blog
Sell Your Collection
Login
Get Notified of Upcoming Sales and Auctions