http://www.talismanbilliards.com/pages/privacy-policy-and-security
WOW0821240209BLCLJLLLML
Browse
Close menu
Search
Home
Store
Cue Tips
About
>
FAQ
Blog
Resources
>
Contact
Shipping & Returns
Quality Guarantee
Log in
Create account
Store
Talisman Snooker Cue Tips
Talisman Pro Snooker Tips
Talisman WB Snooker Tips
Talisman Trinity Snooker Tips
Talisman Pool Cue Tips
Talisman Pro Pool Tips
Talisman WB Pool Tips
Talisman Trinity Pool Tips
Other Products
Chalk
Cue Accessories
Cue Cases
Gloves
Pool Ball Sets
Pool/Billiard Cues
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
Quality Guarantee
About
Introduction
Testimonials
Cue Makers Testimonials
Resources
Cue Tip Installation
Cue Makers
Billiards Coaching
My Cart
"Close Cart"
Home
Privacy Policy and Security
Privacy Policy and Security
Welcome to https://talismanbilliards.com (the "Site").We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by Talisman Billiards Ltd (collectively, "Services") ("Authorized Customers").
"Personally Identifiable Information"
Refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
With whom may the information may be shared?
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Talisman Billiards Ltd is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Talisman Billiards Ltd except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at 199 Lannaville CM-Phrao Road Chiang Mai, CM 50300 Thailand
Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
How does Talisman Billiards Ltd use login information?
Talisman Billiards Ltd uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?
Talisman Billiards Ltd has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at tony@talismanbilliards.com
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by contacting . However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Links:
https://talismanbilliards.com contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Cookies and Web Beacons www.talismanbilliards.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie .:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.talismanbilliards.com. .:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to www.talismanbilliards.com other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html   Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include: Google Adsense These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.talismanbilliards.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.talismanbilliards.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.talismanbilliards.com privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Our security:
All credit card payments from this site are handled by Stripe (www.stripe.com) and we now also offer PayPal. Stripe is a well known and trusted credit card processing company using the very latest encryption software to help guard against fraud.
Before entering your credit card information you will notice that your browser will switch to secure mode. This is normally shown by a key or lock symbol on your browser's status bar.
I will not tell you that credit card fraud is non-existent on the Internet, but I can tell you that in nearly 8 years of running this web site we have not had one single problem reported by a single customer. Remember also that you get extra protection using a credit card because you have the chance to charge-back if not satisfied.
Peace of mind:
Talisman Billiards Accessories Ltd is a registered member of the Billiards Congress of America. Click here to view the complete list of registered members.
Talisman Billiards Accessories has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm policy on privacy/security. We are committed to providing our customers a  secure shopping experience and maintaining their privacy.
Welcome to Talisman Billiards
A short welcome message from Tony Jones
Why Buy from Us
Just a note on why players should buy from Talisman
Don't Take Our Word For it! Here's What Our Customers Think:
“I tried the Talisman Tips and I think they are excellent products. Immediately I thought of writing a review on my blog to talk about the excellent quality of this product. ”
- Davide A.
“Just wanted to let you know how much I loved your tips. These are the best I have ever used with no mushrooming or loss of shape, and it doesn’t take much to scuff it. I have been making cues a long time and I have now decided to switch to the Talisman Pro tips for all my custom cues. ”
- Keith Josey – www.joseycues.com
“I get so many fantastic comments on my case, I love the tips as well! I think I am shooting straighter since putting them on. They are very responsive and I am not miscueing as much. ”
- Linda “Wonder Woman” Carter
Added to cart!