https://www.kraftmusic.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Providing a Safe and Secure Shopping Experience
We at Kraft Music have been dedicated to earning the trust of our customers since 1984. We are committed to keeping that trust and showing you why Kraft Music is a company you can depend on.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or enter sweepstakes. Other information related to the browser or device you use to access our site may be collected.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, shipping address, phone number, credit card number, and billing address associated with your credit card for verification purposes. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested)
To send periodic emails (the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
To protect against fraud (your information helps us better detect and prevent fraudulent activity.
If you’d like to discontinue your email subscription at any time, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email promotion or send an email to remove@kraftmusic.com.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Would you rather place your order by phone? Our friendly and knowledgeable
Sales Advisors are available at 800-783-3368.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enable the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart as well as to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Why do your ads follow me around?
Because our site uses cookies, remarketing and advertising programs may use that information to display relevant ads on other sites. Unfortunately, we are unable to specify which users will see these ads or on which websites ads will appear.
One way to minimize these ads is to clear out your web browser’s cache and cookies. However, these ads are also dictated by recent history. So if you visit us again, they may reappear.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Consent, Changes, Questions
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site or by voluntarily providing personal information and/or non-personal information to us through the site or through our contact center in connection with the site, you consent to the previously described use of your information in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If there should be a change to our privacy policy, those changes will be clearly posted on this page. Last updated 5/25/18.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to contact us using any of the following information. We want you to feel comfortable!
Kraft Music
9935 S. Oakwood Park Dr.
Franklin, WI 53132
USA
800-783-3368
privacy@kraftmusic.com