http://www.hibermate.com/pages/your-privacy
1
Home
Products
All Products
Blog
About Us
Contact us
FAQ
Reviews
Login
Menu
Home
Products
Blog
About Us
Contact us
FAQ
Reviews
Login
0
Items in cart
Check out
Privacy & Returns
Hibermate privacy policyHIBERMATE WILL NOT PASS ANY CUSTOMER DETAILS TO ANY THIRD PARTY. ALL CUSTOMER DETAILS ARE HELD IN THE STRICTEST OF CONFIDENCE. ALL INTERNET TRANSACTIONS ARE CARRIED OUT USING THE HIGHEST ENCRYPTION SYSTEMS AVAILABLE.We buy things online too and understand that your privacy is important!All Hibermate Sleep Masks are 100% guaranteed against faulty manufacture.Hibermate stands by its offer to fully refund the purchase price of the Hibermate Sleep Mask and included freight to you. A refund for the cost of freight to return items to us is not included.All credit card details are checked and authenticated prior to goods being shipped.Upon return, a credit will be issued and it will appear on your billing statement in approximately 3 working days.Any claims or returns must be made within 60 days from the date of purchase. Please contact us prior any return using the following eMail: support@hibermate.com To return goods, pack carefully, put your order number on a piece of paper inside the box and send to:
Panolina UG
Augsburgerstr. 8
80337 München
Germany
US customers may return products to our US based warehouse:
HIBERMATE
12 Perrine Road STE 100-10112
Monmouth junction
New Jersey, 08852
United States of America
For more information: email: support@hibermate.comBe sure to tell us whether you require a refund or exchange of goods (ie, change of color).
In some instances, third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visit to this website. You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Hibermate also works with AdRoll retargeting, who uses technology including web beacons and cookies to collect data about our website usage and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. Data recorded through the use of this technology is aggregated and shared with us.
No personally identifiable information about you is collected or shared by AdRoll with Hibermate. You can opt-out of AdRoll and their partners by visiting this link or directly through Networkchoices here.
We sometimes also display ads on Twitter based on your interests and if you have previously been to this website. You can learn how to control these ads appearing here.
x