https://www.customeuropeanplates.com/privacy-policy.html
Holiday Shipping Schedule - Details
European License Plates
Most Popular Euro Plates
EEC German License Plate
German Coat of Arms Plate
14 Character European Plate
White Old Style Euro Plate
Choose Your Colors Euro Plate
Custom Euro Plates
European Plates
USA Euro Style License plates
USA European License Plates
Canada Euro Style Plates
Other Euro Style Plates
Ready To Ship Euro Plates
Home of BMW Stock German Plate
Home of VW Stock German Plate
Home of Audi Stock German Plate
Other Stock Plates
Custom German Euro Plate
Customize your text or go authentic.
Mounting Frames
Most Popular
Mounting Frame
Carbon Fiber Euro FrameNEW
Carbon Fiber Euro Frame GermanNEW
Chrome Frame
Custom Mounting Bracket
Frames & Hardware
All Mounting Frames
Carbon Fiber US Plate Frame
Mounting Hardware
Clear Euro Plate CoversNEW
Carbon Fiber Euro Plate Frame
Real carbon fiber fused to our very durable mounting frame.
Registration Seals & Accessories
Most Popular
German Registration Seals
LED Car Door Projectors
Clear Euro Plate CoversNEW
Carbon Fiber US Plate Frame
Seals & Accessories
German Registration Seals
Other Registration Seals
Decals
Mounting Hardware
Gift Certificates
German Registration Seals
Make your plate more authentic. Seals available from the different regions of Germany.
Inspiration & Info
Get Ideas
Plate Ideas
Hall Of Fame Plates
Plate Codes & Format
Customer Gallery
Info
Mounting Instructions
Shipping Rates & Info
German Plate Info
FAQs
How Plates Are Made
Car Clubs & Dealers
Premier Customer Program
Plate Of The Week
Need An Idea?
See what others are ordering on our site and get inspired!
Search
0
Shopping cart is empty!
Custom European License Plates
Finest German Quality
Fastest Delivery
Unmatched Service
European License Plates |
German License Plates |
European Licence Plates |
Euro Plate Frames |
Registration Seals |
Euro Plate Clear Covers
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for CustomEuropeanPlates.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1.	What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.	What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.	The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.	How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit information online from children under 13 and we do not specifically target children under 13 in our marketing materials or other advertising.
California Privacy Rights
California law provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your rights under California law and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the previous 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at: (888)706-2440
Emailing us at: support@customeuropeanplates.com, or
Writing to us at:
CustomEuropeanPlates.com
6166 Innovation Way
Carlsbad, CA 92009
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability once within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (888) 706-2440 or via email: support@customeuropeanplates.com