http://www.travelxtras.com/worldwide-business-terms.htm
Trustpilot
email us: sales@worldwideinsure.com
×
Travel Insurance
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-Trip Insurance
Single Trip Holiday Insurance
Longstay Travel Insurance
Wintersports Travel Insurance
Cover if you are already overseas
Travel Insurance for older Travellers
Motorcycle Holiday Insurance
Insurance for Medical Conditions
Travel Insurance FAQ's
How to Claim
Already left Home?
Already left Home?
Cover if you are already travelling
Student Travel Insurance
Car Rental InsuranceCar Rental Cover
Car Hire Excess Insurance
Motorhome Hire Excess Insurance
Need to hire a Car? click here...
Car Hire Insurance FAQ's
How to Claim
More Insurance Products
More Products
Private Medical InsurancePMI
European Car Breakdown Cover
Wedding Insurance
Pet Insurance
Help
Help
Policy Wordings
Making a Claim
Contact us
Privacy
Cookie info
Terms of Business
Advice Before You Go
Current Issues affecting Travel
Affiliates
Jobs
COVID-19 Advice
+44 (0)1892
833338
Terms of General Insurance Business:
Your attention is drawn to the following notices relating to the insurance you have arranged, or wish to arrange with us.
Who we areWorldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd., Business Centre, 1-7 Commercial Road, Paddock Wood, Tonbridge, TN12 6YT, UK, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), number 307592. This information can be checked at http://www.fca.org.uk/register or by contacting the FCA on 0800 111 6768.
We trade through websites worldwideinsure.com and carhire-excess-insurance.com
We are committed to protecting your privacy and will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations (please see our Privacy Notice).
Explanation of ServiceWe provide information relating to the Insurance products that we offer; arrange your insurance cover with Insurers to meet your requirements; assist you with amendments and updates to the data we hold and where appropriate to the cover you have purchased.
We offer products from a limited number of Insurers, but are not contractually obliged to use them exclusively. You will be advised of Insurer's details when discussing your individual requirements prior to your commitment to proceed.
We do not provide any advice or recommendation concerning the travel insurance you are arranging.
We ask questions to identify the selection of products available to you and provide information to help you to make your own choice.
Your duty to give information to InsurerYour insurance is based upon the information you provide to the Insurers when arranging or renewing the insurance or making mid-term changes.You are responsible for all answers or statements that you make when arranging the insurance, on proposal forms, statements of fact, claim forms or other material documents and you should ensure these are full and accurate.
If you do not answer the questions correctly at the start of the policy or fail to advise the insurers promptly of changes to the information you have given during the period of insurance, this may invalidate your insurance cover and could mean that part, or all, of a claim may not be paid.
How to claimPlease refer to your policy summary or your policy document if you need to make a claim.
You should contact the specified claims handlers as soon as possible. If in any doubt about whom to contact, please telephone us on 01892 833338.
Fees and ChargesThere is no fee to correct or update your Personal Data to ensure that the information that we hold is up-to-date, however an additional charge may apply if the update affects the cover or terms of your Policy.For Policy alterations, if outside of the initial 14 day 'cooling-off' period, an alteration charge of £10.00 applies.
Protecting your MoneyPrior to your premium being forwarded to the insurer, and for your protection, we hold premiums received as agent of your Insurer and so your policy is treated as having been paid for, once you have paid us.
Cancelling your policyYou may cancel your policy up to 14 days after receipt and will be entitled to a full refund unless you have travelled (or if on a Single Trip policy the start date shown on your certificate has passed) or you will be making a claim.
Refunds for cancellation after 14 days will be at the Underwriters' discretion.
ComplaintsIt is our intention to provide a high level of service at all times.
If you have reason to make a complaint about our service, we have internal procedures for handling complaints fairly and promptly.
In the first instance please contact Customer Services by email at customerservices@worldwideinsure.com, or call 01892 839500 or write to Worldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd., Business Centre, 1-7 Commercial Road, Paddock Wood, Tonbridge, TN12 6YT, UK.
Our procedure is that:We will acknowledge your complaint within 3 business days of receipt. If we are able to complete our investigation of your complaint and provide a final response within 3 business days, we will include our findings in our acknowledgement letter.
A final response is a written response from us which:
Accepts your complaint and where appropriate, offers redress OR
Offers redress without accepting the complaint OR
Rejects your complaint and gives reasons for doing so
A final response letter will inform you that, if you remain dissatisfied with our response, you may refer your complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) but that you must do so within 6 months. If we are unable to investigate and respond within 3 business days we will first send our acknowledgement as above, then within 4 weeks of receiving your complaint, will send you either:
A final response OR
An interim response, explaining why we are not yet in a position to resolve your complaint and indicating when we will make further contact (within 8 weeks of receipt of your complaint)
If we have sent you an interim response, we will, by the end of 8 weeks after receipt of your complaint, send you either:
A final response OR
A response which:
- Explains that we are still not in a position to make a final response, giving reasons for the delay and indicating when we expect to be able to provide a final response
- Informs you that you may refer your complaint to the FOS if you are dissatisfied with the delay and encloses a copy of the FOS's explanatory leaflet
You may accept our response in writing at any time during this process, even if we have not yet issued a final response. You can contact FOS on 0800 0234567 and further information is available at http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk.
Alternatively - online sales only
The European Commission has set up an Online Dispute Resolution service (ODR) where consumers in all EU Countries can register a complaint about a purchase made online.
The ODR directs your enquiry to our complaints procedure, where it will be handled in the usual way. It will also let you know that FOS is the UK's dispute resolution body for insurance. Should you need to escalate your complaint further, ODR will transmit your complaint to FOS after 30 days.
Please note that this EU service facilitates contact only and doesn't provide any other service regarding your complaint. You can find this platform at: http://ec.europa.eu/odr
Compensation arrangementsWe are covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS). You may be entitled to compensation from the scheme if we cannot meet our obligations. This depends on the type of business and the circumstances of the claim. Further information about compensation scheme arrangements is available from the FSCS at: http://www.fscs.org.uk
Meeting your Demands and Needs for InsuranceThe Travel Insurance policies that we offer suit the Demands and Needs of travellers who are travelling to countries included within the policy terms and who wish to insure against the typical contingencies provided by a travel insurance such as cancellation or curtailment of the trip, unforeseeable emergency medical expenses or loss of or damage to personal property. Existing medical conditions, as defined in the specific policy wordings, are excluded unless declared to and accepted by us. All cover is subject to the limits, terms and conditions specified in the policy wording and summary.
We have not given you any specific or personal recommendation to buy this insurance and you must decide from the information that we provide whether this policy meets your particular demands and needs
Feedback & Queries
Name:
Email:
Subject:
[type another subject]
Sales
Claims
General
Message:
Send
Trustpilot
Wide Range of Insurance Policies
Our policies include:
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-trip Travel Insurance
Single Trip Holiday Insurance
Longstay Travel Insurance
Ski & Snowboard Travel Insurance
Already travelling? click here!
Vehicle Rental Insurance
Car Rental Excess Reimbursement Insurance
Motorhome Rental Excess Insurance
Other Insurance products for UK residents
Motorcycle Holiday Insurance
Private Medical Insurance
European Car Breakdown Insurance
Wedding Insurance
Pet Insurance
Other Insurance products for non-UK residents
International Single Trip Holiday Insurance
International Holiday Insurance for Wintersports
Private Medical Insurance
Student Travel Insurance
Why buy from Worldwide Travel Insurance:
About Worldwide Travel Insurance:
Worldwide Travel Insurance is one of the UK's main travel insurance providers, specialising in travel-related insurance for over 20yrs
We have policies for UK, EU/EEA and International residents: since 1993, we've insured millions of travellers from all over the globe.
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA):
Worldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd is authorised and regulated by the FCA, ref number 307592.
Full details can be found on the FCA's Register by visiting http://www.fca.org.uk/register or call the FCA on
+44 20 7066 1000.
Credit Card Security: