https://www.wonderbk.com/help/
Skip to content
Close
COVID-19: Read our note to customers. Using the Website1. Register a WonderBook.com account (required information marked by asterisks).2. Find items via the basic search, advanced search, and browsing. (Click here for search tips.)3. Add items to your cart then checkout.4. Select your shipping. For details about shipping methods, visit our Shipping page.5. Pay for your order via VISA/MasterCard/American Express/Discover/PayPal. All your personal information is 100% safe & secure.6. If shopping at a Wonder Book kiosk, click the log-off button in the top bar to clear all your information from the kiosk.We sell used, new, rare, and collectible items!Books: Hardcovers, Paperbacks, Comics, Audio Books, Sheet MusicMovies: DVDs, Blu-Rays, VHSMusic: CDs, cassettes, vinylVideo Games & SoftwareWonder Book T-ShirtsGift Cards (retail gift cards do not apply online & vice-versa)Art Prints & Ephemera (retail stores only!)Movie & Game Rentals (retail stores only!)WonderBook.com vs. Wonder Book Retail StoresOur website does not include the inventory of our retail stores.Our retail stores are open every day, while our internet warehouse is not open to the public.Online prices & sales differ from those in our retail stores.Online items can be shipped to our retail stores for FREE & will ship in 3-5 business days. You will be called when your item arrives at the retail store.Book ConditionsNew: A brand-new, unused, unread copy in perfect condition. May be shrink wrapped.Like New: An apparently unread copy in nearly perfect condition. If issued with dust jacket, must have dust jacket in Very Good or better condition. The cover or dust jacket may have marginal wear. Pages are clean and are not marred by notes or folds of any kind. May have remainder marks.Very Good: A copy that has been read, but remains in excellent condition. The cover or dust jacket may have some chipping, rubbing, small closed tears, slight warping, or stickers that will tear the book when removed. The spine remains nearly undamaged. Pages are intact, and the inside pages are not marred by notes or highlighting, although the endpages may have a few markings, like the owner’s name, a short gifter’s inscription, or a light stamps.Good: A copy that has been read, but remains in fairly clean condition. The cover or dust jacket is intact, but they may have small open tears. The spine may show signs of wear (i.e. moderate creasing). The book can include bookplates. All pages are intact, but they can include limited notes and highlighting.Acceptable: A readable copy. The cover is intact but may have noticeable tears, and the spine shows significant wear. All pages of text are intact, but they can include extensive notes and highlighting. Ex-library and ‘reading copy only’ books always Acceptable.Fair: Worn copy that has complete text pages (including those with maps or plates) but may lack endpages, half-title, etc. Binding, dust jacket, etc., may also be worn.Poor: A sufficiently worn copy. May have missing maps or plates. May be soiled, scuffed, stained or spotted and may have loose joints, hinges, pages, etc.Collectible: Rare or unique books including first editions, first printings, signed or inscribed copies, limited editions, scarce copies, advance reading copies or uncorrected proofs for out-of-print books. Condition levels match those of used books.Movie/TV, Music, Game ConditionsNew: A brand-new, shrink wrapped, or sealed with case in perfect condition.Like New: Disk clean, unmarked. No signs of wear (scratches, scuffing, etc.) Case, liner, or booklet may have cut-out or be Very Good.Very Good: Disc, case, liner, or booklet can have minor scuffs/wear. No writing or owner’s mark of any kind. Ex-Rentals may be Very Good.Good: Disc can have moderate scratches, scuffs, etc. Case can have small cracks and/or scuffs. Item can have owner’s name but no other writing.Acceptable: Disc can have extensive scratches. Case can have extensive cracks or scuffs. Item can have writing or extensive wear.Collectible: First editions, signed or inscribed copies, rare editions, etc.Order QuestionsTo update your shipping address, add items to your order, cancel your order, etc., contact Customer Service.Some item(s) in your order may be cancelled if we received multiple orders for them before our online inventory was automatically updated.Contact Customer Service with all other order questions.ShippingFor details about shipping methods and shipping questions, visit our our Shipping page.Return PolicyWonder Book accepts returns for any reason within 30 days.Please contact us via our Contact form for a return authorization.When making a return, please include a copy of the pack sheet indicating the reason for return and mail the package to: Wonder Book & Video, attn: RETURNS 1550 Tilco Drive Frederick, MD 21704Refunds are issued upon receiving and processing at our warehouse.For additional return questions, please contact us via our Contact form.Contacting Customer ServiceFor the fastest service, contact us via our Contact form. We can serve you better by processing your email inquiry first and then have all facts in hand when we contact you.If you call our internet warehouse, you will be asked to leave a message due to the high volume of orders, and it may take up to 1 business day for us to research and respond to your telephone call.Site MapPrivacy Policy
Sell Us BooksWonder Book buys ALL Books, Movies, and Music every day at our retail stores. View Buying Info
Employment OpportunitiesLooking for a job and love books? Wonder Book is an exciting and unique place to work. View Available Positions
Sidebar NavigationHelp & FAQShippingContactFeatured Article
All good fairy tales begin with "Once upon a time..." Once upon a time, I was a very young bookseller. I busied myself about my fledgling shop... Read More
View More Articles
Upcoming Cinema Club Film: Animal Farm (1954)Plus Selected Shorts | Rescheduled - Date TBA | Weinberg Center for the Arts Read More