http://www.nkuku.com/pages/privacy-policy
Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Gifts for Her
Jewellery Gifts
Gifts for Cooks
Gifts for Him
Home Office Gifts
Bestselling Gifts
E-Gift Card
Gifts for Cooks
JEWELLERY GIFTS
SHOP NOW
Christmas
Christmas Decor
Baubles & Tree Decorations
Festive Décor
Christmas Table & Entertaining
Christmas Bestsellers
Board Games
CHRISTMAS BAUBLES
FESTIVE DECOR
SHOP NOW
Home
Home Accessories
Photo Frames
Wall Art
Clocks
Lanterns & T-Lights
Candlesticks
Decorative Accessories
Desk Accessories
Furnishings
Mirrors
Cushions & Throws
Rugs
Baskets
Storage
Hardware
Planters & Vases
Planters
Vases & Decorative Pots
Garden Planters
Lifestyle
Jewellery
Jewellery Boxes
Bags & Scarves
Board Games
E-Gift Card
WALL ART
Lanterns & T-Lights
SHOP NOW
Furniture
Living
Armchairs & Loungers
Footstools
Coffee & Side Tables
Sofas
Cabinets & Shelving
Storage Furniture
Mirrors
Rugs
Dining & Kitchen
Stools & Bar Stools
Dining Chairs
Dining Tables
Benches
Cabinets & Shelving
Garden Furniture
Hardware
Inspire Me
New Collection
Contemporary Living
Natural Home
Home Office
Modern Rustic Interior
BAR STOOLS
Mirrors
SHOP NOW
Lighting
Lighting
Table Lamps
Floor Lamps
Pendant Lighting
Wall & Spot Lights
Lampshades
Outdoor Lighting
Shop by Style
Industrial Lighting
Natural Lighting
Classic Lighting
Kitchen Lighting
TABLE LAMPS
FLOOR LAMPS
SHOP NOW
Kitchen & Dining
Tabletop
Tableware
Mugs
Glassware
Cutlery
Table Accessories
Serveware
Chopping Boards
Serving Bowls
Trays & Platters
Cake Stands
Cheese Boards & Knives
Kitchen
Small Storage
Kitchen Utility
Wine Racks & Storage
Kitchen Lighting
Kitchen Stools
Dining Tables & Benches
TABLEWARE
SERVEWARE
SHOP NOW
Nkuku Life
Discover Nkuku
Our Story
Our Values
Our Artisans
Our Materials
Blog
Saving Lives With Safe Water
Christmas Table Inspiration
Style Your Home for Christmas
All Blog Posts
Shop in Store
Lifestyle Store & Café
Stockists
READ OUR BLOG
Discover Nkuku
In this notice, ‘we’ and ‘us’ refers to Nkuku Limited and ‘Site’ refers to nkuku.com. INTRODUCTION AND TERMS We are committed to protecting and respecting your personal data and privacy. This privacy policy explains the types of personal data we may collect when you interact with us, and how we will store and protect that data. Whenever we process such information, we will do so in line with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal data including the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR. By visiting our Site you are accepting to the practices described in this notice. We may amend this privacy notice at any time by posting the amended version on our Site. We will announce any material changes to this privacy policy via email. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US This notice, along with our terms and conditions, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you will be processed by us. We hope that the information provided answers any questions you may have but if not, please do get in touch with us by completing this enquiry form.
Address: Data Protection Representative, Nkuku Limited, Lower Tweed Mill, Dartington Totnes, Devon, TQ9 6JB For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR Nkuku Limited is the data controller. WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT Personal data is information relating to an identified or identifiable person. The personal data we process includes your name, delivery/billing address, date of birth, email address and phone number, financial and credit card information. You may give us your personal information by filling in forms on our Site or by corresponding with us by phone, in-store, by email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our Site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our Site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our Site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our Site. We collect information about your interaction with our services and your communications with us. This can be information we receive from devices (including mobile devices) you use when you access our services. This information could include: Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising and a unique device token. Location information, including location information from your mobile device. Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information. We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take when using our Services, within our advertising or email content. You can read a copy of our cookie policy here. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA We use the information you give to us:
To fulfil a contract with you and to provide you with the information, products and services that you receive from us.
To provide you with information about goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about or that we feel may be of interest you. We may contact you either in writing or by electronic means, if you have consented to this.
If you have provided your consent to share your information with third party marketing, we will permit selected third parties to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.
To notify you about changes to our privacy notice or terms of service.
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your browsing device.
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To process an applicants information during the recruitment process in line with our recruitment privacy policy.
We may also us the information to pursue our legitimate interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests. This includes to:
Improve our services, for example by reviewing information associated with stalled or crashed pages experienced by users allowing us to identify and fix problems and give you a better experience.
Personalise, measure and improve our advertising based on your advertising customisation preferences.
Deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers based on your communication preferences.
Measure the performance of our email marketing campaigns.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA Our data retention policy is dictated by data protection laws and we will not keep your data for longer than is necessary. THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS We will keep your data inside our organisation except where disclosure is required or permitted by law or when we use third party service providers to supply and support our business services, such as:
IT systems and email provider.
Couriers and warehousing.
Customer service network.
Marketing services such as email and direct mail.
With our consent, advertisers operating in categories such as clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors as well as advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
With our consent, marketing agencies for the purpose of customer profiling and learning about customer behaviour in order to provide relevant products and services.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
Sometimes the data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA ") including but not limited to transaction processing and fraud prevention. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, and the provision of support services. Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. YOUR RIGHTS Your rights under the GDPR are as follows;
To be informed: we must provide a privacy notice which should contain transparent information of how we process your data.
Right to access your information: you are entitled to know what information we hold about you and the reasons why.
Rectification of your data: if you think we are holding incorrect information on you, you may request that these details are updated.
Erasing your data: you can request for your details to be deleted, in line with the data protection legislation.
Restrict the processing of your data: you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
Data portability: you have the right to request a copy of the data you have provided us, in a format that is reusable.
Object to processing your data: you have the right to object to us processing your data for customer profiling or marketing.
Automatic decision making and profiling: you have a right to object to us using your data in automated marketing and profiling.
CONTACT Amendments to your data To ask for your information to be amended, please contact our Customer Care team by email hello@nkuku.com Subject Access Requests As outlined above, you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold on you. To ask for your information, please contact us in writing at: Data Protection Representative, Nkuku Limited, Lower Tweed Mill, Shinners Bridge, Dartington, Totnes, Devon, TQ9 6JB or by email privacy@nkuku.com Complaints You have the right to complain about the processing of your personal data. To do this please use the contact details given above. If we are unable to resolve the issue you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office.
Join Our Newsletter
Sign up for the Nkuku newsletter and be the first to preview our new collections, receive exclusive offers and discover the stories behind our products.
By subscribing you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy.