http://www.oldwisconsin.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Old Wisconsin Sausage, Inc. respects your privacy. We have provided this Privacy Policy to inform you of what information we collect and how we may use it. Because we reserve the right to modify this policy, we recommend that you check back periodically for changes.
Collecting Information: As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to the site. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation Old Wisconsin Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) and the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer). In addition, we may use the following technology: Cookies: We do use limited “cookie” technology. Cookies are used to store bits of information on your hard drive to remember pages you have visited in the past. We do not use cookies to collect or store personal information. Log Files: We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, and track user’s movement for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Contests and Other Promotions: From time to time, we may offer contests or other promotions involving marketing or advertising partners. If you choose to participate in one of these contests or promotions, you'll be asked to provide some information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). If you don't want us to collect the information requested in connection with a promotion, please do not participate in the promotion. Sharing: Except as described above, we don’t sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to third parties the personally-identifiable information we collect on this website without your prior consent. We disclose information where we think it’s necessary to investigate or prevent an actual or suspected crime or injury to ourselves or others or where disclosure is required by law. We also may disclose information in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. We also disclose information to third parties we retain to perform services on our behalf. For example, we hire service providers to help us run promotions, fulfill orders you may place and provide customer service. These service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information about our website visitors if it is needed to perform their functions for Old Wisconsin Sausage, Inc., but they are not authorized by Old Wisconsin Sausage, Inc. to use the information for their own marketing purposes. On our website, we may conduct joint promotions with other companies. We may share with our promotional partners (and their service providers) certain personally-identifiable information as necessary to conduct the promotion. We will not share this information with our promotional partners for any other purpose unless you tell us it’s ok to do so.
Links: This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security: This website takes precautions to protect our users’ information. It is the policy Carl Buddig & Company that visitors under 18 years of age should not submit or post any information on our web site without parental consent.
Feedback:
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy and/or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Old Wisconsin Sausage, Inc. 950 175th St., Homewood, IL, 60430 Phone: 708.798.0900, Fax: 708.798.1284
More Goodness
Snack Bites The ultimate in grab-and-go snacking convenience. View Products
Find a Store
Thank you for visiting our website! By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of
cookies. For more information, click here.