http://www.giftbasketsdelights.com/our_policies.html
General
Corporate Accounts - A corporate account may be established after completing
a credit application. We do request a credit card for the first order, however,
and will keep the number on file. Invoices go out within three days after
the order is placed. If payment is not received within 15 business days
of the date of the invoice, the amount will be placed on the credit card.
Any bill PAST DUE BY 60 DAYS or more will incur a $25 late fee.
Personal orders require payment by credit card, cash, money order or
personal check. We accept Mastercard, Visa, Discover & American Express.
All personal checks must clear before basket orders are processed. If
payment is made by personal check and is returned for insufficient funds,
a $25 service fee will be charged to the customer.
Shipping charges added to shopping cart are based on UPS ground shipping.
Hand delivery charges to New York City and its boroughs, Nassau County
and Suffolk County will be added accordingly. If you have any questions
on these fees, please contact us by either email or by calling us.
Due to seasonal and/or supplier availability, Gift Baskets Delights reserves
the right to substitute unavailable items for items of equal or greater
value.
Shipping and Delivery
We offer hand delivery to the following areas: Manhattan, Nassau County,
Queens, Suffolk County, Brooklyn, Bronx and Staten Island. Special arrangements
can be made for hand-delivery services to some areas in Westchester, New
Jersey and Connecticut. These areas are also within one day shipping schedule
with UPS Ground Service.
Basket orders placed for local delivery before 11:00 a.m. will be delivered
the same day. Any orders placed after 11:00 a.m. will be delivered the
next business day, unless a future delivery date is arranged. Same day
delivery is available after 11:00 a.m. to all Nassau County areas, however,
a $5.00 rush delivery fee may be incurred.
Residential deliveries: Residential deliveries will
be made Monday through Friday between 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Saturday
deliveries are available upon request and availability. Hand-delivery
charges vary according location. Hand delivery to Manhattan start at $15.00.
Hand delivery to Bronx and Staten Island start at $25.00 because of bridge
tolls. Deliveries in Nassau start at $10.00 within a 10 mile radius of
our retail location. For deliveries to Queens, Brooklyn and Suffolk County
a $15.00 fee will be added. Local delivery fees for other locations vary
and are available upon request. Please call us for special delivery arrangements.
Re-delivery attempts or re-routed deliveries to corrected
addresses: When no one is available to receive packages, a second delivery
attempt will be made. You will be charged accordingly. In addition, you
will also be charged if the second delivery attempt is due to an incorrect
address.
Commercial Deliveries: Commercial deliveries will be
made Monday through Friday between 8:00 am. And 5:00 p.m. Our courier
service guarantees delivery by the close of the business day. Fees are
the same as the residential fees outlined above. For multiple corporate
orders being delivered to customer's office, a flat fee (based on the
number of gifts being delivered) will be charged per trip. For corporate
orders where gifts are being locally delivered to multiple recipients
(i.e. holiday gifts) the applicable local delivery fee will be charged
for each gift shipped. Special timed deliveries available upon request.
Preferred carrier is UPS with Delivery Confirmation. Most packages will
arrive at their destination in 2-5 business days. Fed-Ex services are
available upon request. Parcels, usually range from $10.50 to $15.50 for
regular ground service on regular size packages. All oversize packages
will be billed accordingly. All other requests for 3 Day Select, 2nd Day
Air and Next Day Air, will be quoted upon request. Our orders are shipped
regular ground service unless otherwise requested. Penalty fees for incorrect
addresses will be charged. For corporate orders where gifts are being
sent to multiple recipients (i.e. holiday gifts) the applicable shipping
fee will be charged for each gift shipped. We cannot guarantee transit
times with any carriers.
Shipping Rates are:
Up to $19.99
$7.95
$20.00 to $34.99
$7.95
$35.00 to $44.99
$9.95
$45.00 to $54.99
$9.95
$55.00 to $64.99
$10.95
$65.00 to $74.99
$11.95
$75.00 to $84.99
$12.95
$85.00 to $99.99
$13.95
$100.00 to $114.99
$14.95
$115.00 to $129.99
$15.95
$130.00 to $144.99
$16.95
$145.00 to $159.00
$17.95
$160.00 to $174.99
$19.95
$175.00 to $199.99
$22.95
$200.00 to $224.99
$27.95
$225.00 to $250.00
$29.95
Security and Privacy
Security remains the primary concern of on-line consumers. Shopping
online through our secure website is one of the safest ways to shop. You
may submit sensitive data (e.g., credit card numbers) to this site with
the assurance that this site legitimately runs under the strictest rules
of GIFT BASKETS DELIGHTS. All information sent to this site is encrypted,
protecting against disclosure to third parties. This means your personal
information is encrypted and is readable only by our order-processing
department.
Gift Baskets Delights also respects your privacy. Any information that
you give us is held with the utmost care and security and we will not
sell, rent, or loan your information to any third party without your consent.
We will not release any personal information such as your name, address,
e-mail address, phone number or credit card information except as described
in this statement.
In connection with our customers' orders, we collect personal information
in order to process and fulfill their order, and to provide customers
with information regarding their order. In addition, we may share or disclose
such information in order to conform to or comply with legal requirements,
to protect the rights of Gift Baskets Delights or to act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of Gift Baskets Delights's
personnel or the public.
Our privacy policy is explained in
detail below:
What Information We Collect and Why - Our sites use various forms for
customers to request information and to purchase products. As described
below, we collect personal information from customers primarily so that
we may process your order, but also so that we may enhance our services
to our visitors and make each visit as unique as possible:
Billing and Shipping Information - during the checkout
process, we ask for certain personal information that is necessary to
process your order. Basic personal information such as name, address and
phone number may be transmitted to contracted third parties for the purpose
of shipping your order.
E-mail Address - we may also ask customers if they would
like to receive via e-mail special announcements or offers from us. Users
may opt to be removed from our mailing list at any time by emailing us
at info@giftbasketsdelights.com
Cookies - the "cookies" we use are pieces
of data your browser stores on your computer's hard drive at our request.
They enable us to determine when you last visited us. We do not store
any of your personal information.
Consent - By using our site, you consent to the foregoing
collection and use of information by Gift Baskets Delights.
Change/Modify - You can modify your information as shown
on our mailing list by submitting another registration on our "Mailing
List" link. Your old information will be removed as soon as we receive
your new information.
Returns & Cancellations
We take great care in packaging our baskets; therefore any damaged shipments
must be reported to us immediately. Be sure to keep all packaging as it
may be requested by carrier. We will make every effort to replace any
damaged items and ensure your satisfaction. Unopened baskets may be returned
within 5 working days with an authorization. Please call or email us to
obtain authorization. Return shipping is the responsibility of the recipient/buyer.
Shipping and handling charges are non refundable. All merchandise must
be returned in the original carton and in good condition. No credit can
be issued until we receive the returned merchandise. We pride ourselves
on fast service and shipping, therefore any cancellations must be made
within 12 hours of order confirmation. A 20% restocking fee will be charged
for all cancellations if your order has already been designed and prepped
for shipping. We are not responsible for any order changes due to typographical
or other errors on the part of the customer. If we are in error, we will
correct the error promptly by either refunding your money or sending another
(corrected) order. Contact us immediately and notify us of any order errors
at orders@giftbasketsdelights.com.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at
info@giftbasketsdelights.com
or just see our contact page for other ways to contact us.
About Us | View
Our Baskets | Other Gifts | Our
Policies | Contact Us | Links
Website Design by
Long Island Web Design Company
Anniversary
Gift Baskets, Baby Gifts, Baby Gift Baskets, Baby Shower Gift Baskets, Bath
& Body Gift Baskets, Bereavement Gift Baskets, Birthday Gift Baskets, Christmas
Gift Baskets, Client Appreciation Gifts & Gift Baskets, Coffee Gift Baskets,
Condolence Gift Baskets, Convention Gifts, Corporate Gifts & Corporate Gift
Baskets, Costumer Appreciation Gifts & Gift Baskets, Employee Appreciation
Gifts & Gift Baskets, Franklin Square Gift Baskets, Fruit Baskets, Garden
City Gift Baskets, Get Well Gift Baskets, Gift Baskets for Her, Gift Baskets
for Him, Gift Baskets For Hotel Guests, Gourmet Food Gift Baskets, Holiday Gift
Baskets, Hannukah Gift Baskets, Holiday Gift Baskets, Hotel Amenity Gift Baskets,
Housewarming Gift Baskets, Imprinted Promotional Products, Italian Food Gift
Baskets, Kosher Gift Baskets, New Baby Gift Baskets, New York Themed Gift Baskets,
Pamper Gift Baskets, Pasta Gift Baskets, Picnic Gift Baskets, Realtor Gifts,
Spa Gift Baskets, Sympathy Gift Baskets, Tea Gift Baskets, Thank You Gift Baskets,
Wedding Gift Baskets.
Daily
deliveries to all of Queens, New York City, Nassau, Suffolk, Brooklyn, Bronx,
Staten Island, Westchester, New Jersey and Connecticut.
Same
day delivery in Nassau & Suffolk: Albertson, Atlantic Beach, Baldwin,
Bayville, Bellerose, Bellmore, Brookville, Carle Place, Cedarhurst, Cold Spring
Harbor, Commack, Dix Hills, East Meadow, East Rockaway, East Willingston, Eaton's
Neck, Elmont, Floral Park, Franklin Square, Freeport, Garden City, Glen Cove,
Glen Head, Glen Oaks, Great Neck, Hempstead, Herricks, Hewlett, Hicksville,
Huntington, Inwood, Island Park, Island Trees, Jericho, Kings Point, Lakeview,
Lattingtown, Levittown, Lido Beach, Locust Valley, Long Beach, Lynbrook, Malverne,
Manhasset, Manhasset Hills, Massapequa, Melville, Merrick, Mineola, Muttontown,
New Hyde Park, Oceanside, Old Bethpage, Old Brookville, Old Westbury, Oyster
Bay, Plainedge, Plainview, Point Lookout, Port Washington, Rockville Centre,
Roosevelt, Roslyn, Roslyn Heights, Seaford, Searingtown, Stewart Manor, Syosset,
Uniondale, Valley Stream , Wantagh, West Hempstead, Wheatly Heights, Willinston
Park, Woodbury.
Same
day delivery in Queens: Astoria, Bayside, Bellerose, Beechurst, College
Point, Corona, Douglaston, Elmhurst, Flushing, Forest Hills, Fresh Meadows,
Glen Oaks, Glendale, Howard Beach, Jackson Heights, Jamaica, Jamaica Estates,
Kew Gardens, Little Neck, Long Island City, Malba, Maspeth, Middle Village,
Ozone Park, Queens Village, Rego Park, Richmond Hill, Ridgewood, Rosedale, Sunnyside,
Whitestone, Woodhaven, Woodside.
Daily Deliveries
to all of Manhattan, including The New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq, Hotels
& Convention Centers, Colleges & Universities.
All
other areas next day delivery. Nationwide daily shipping through UPS. Baskets
will be shipped UPS ground unless other arrangements are requested.
Gift Baskets may also be shipped Fedex Ground to the following states: Alabama,
Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District of
Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi,
Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico,
New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont,
Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.