http://www.lilliebellefarms.com/shipping-privacy-policy/
Home
Shipping & Privacy Policy
FREE GROUND SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $100!*
*Free UPS Ground Shipping to ONE ADDRESS ONLY! Due to limitations in our checkout system, the only way we can offer this shipping discount is to turn off "Multiple Ship To" addresses. Sorry, we aren't able to accommodate Free shipping to 10 different destinations for a $100 order!
*Update: 4/8/20: Due to recent melt downs, we cannot ship UPS Ground to these "Hot" states AZ, AR, FL, GA, LA, MS, NC, NM, NV, SC, TN, TX and thus the FREE Shipping is not available to you. You must choose 1 or 2 day shipping and will notice a $3 handling fee for the ice pack that is included.*
We only ship on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
To the left is the zone map for UPS.
No PO Boxes. We will not ship to PO Boxes where your chocolates may sit and spoil. Please enter a physical address for delivery.
Please be aware if you are shipping to a hot place. For recipients of our products in the following states, but not limited to, AZ, AL, AR, FL, GA, HI, LA, MS, NC, NM, NV, SC, TN, TX, HI, we do not recommend any shipping option other than overnight. We have had the occasional meltdown to these states and recommend that you spend the extra dollars to insure your chocolates arrive safely. If you choose 2-day or 3-day shipping and your chocolates melt, we will not be held responsible.
We are not responsible for any damages to your chocolates from abuse or delays by UPS/FedEx/USPS or any other carrier.
Order more and save on shipping! The initial shipping charge is always for the first pound. The next pound or two is a nominal increase in shipping. Ordering a $10 item and paying $14 for shipping is silly, order $50 worth and the shipping is still $14. Kind of weird, but there it is.
Privacy Statement: We will not share any information you have provided to us with any third party. We value you, our customer, as well as your privacy and will do everything possible to protect it.
Continue Shopping Go to Checkout
×
×
Subscribe to our newsletter
Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales
Email Address
No thanks