https://www.naturalbedcompany.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Shop By Category
Back Wooden Beds
Mattresses
Duvets & Pillows
Bedding
Bedroom Furniture
Sofa Beds & Day-Beds
Bath & Wellbeing
Rest & Relaxation
Home Accessories
My Account
Basket
About Us
Back Our Team
Our Workshop
Our Timbers
Inspiration
Blog
Contact Us
Call our store on 0114 272 1984
Home / Privacy Notice
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Natural Bed Company collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our websites;people who use our services, eg who subscribe to our newsletter or purchase a product from us;
This privacy policy explains the following:
What personal data we collectHow long we hold your personal data forWho has access to this personal dataWhat Happens when you visit this websiteAccess to Your personal informationChanges to this privacy noticeHow to contact us
1. What personal data we collect
When you fill out a contact formWe collect your name, email address and your enquiry so that we can contact you in future.
When you register for an accountThis site requires visitors that want to register for an account to enter an email address.
When you place an orderWe collect your name, email address, phone number, postal address and billing address. If you have registered for an account, you can update this information by logging in to your account.
When you subscribe to our newsletterWe use a third party provider, Campaign Monitor, to send email campaigns. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/.
When you leave a comment or reviewThis site requires visitors that want to post a comment or review to enter a name and email address.
2. How long we hold your personal data for
When you fill out a contact formWe keep your submission in our database for 3 months as a backup whilst we deal with your enquiry. Your submission is also emailed through to our team.
When you register on the siteWe hold this data for as long as your account is active. You can request to have your account and associated data deleted at any time by writing to us using the address provided in part 7. Please note that we are required to keep certain data for tax and accounting purposes.
Your account and personal data related to it will be removed if your account is inactive for a period of 24 months (‘inactivity’ in this case means not logged-in or placed an order).
When you place an orderWe hold this data for 24 months, after which time, any personal data associated with an order is anonymised. You may submit a request for this data to be removed or corrected at any time by writing to us using the address provided in part 7.
When you subscribe to our newsletterWe hold this data for as long as you’re subscribed to our newsletter. You may unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time using the options at the bottom of one of the newsletter emails. Alternatively, you can write to us using the address below to request deletion of this data.
When you leave a comment or reviewWe hold this data for as long as your comment is published. You may submit a request for this data to be removed or corrected at any time by writing to us using the address provided in part 7.
3. Who has access to this personal data
We do not sell, trade, or transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
4. What happens when you visit this website
When someone visits http://www.naturalbedcompany.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site.
This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Our Use of cookiesYou can read more about how we use cookies on our cookie policy page.
Links to other websitesThis privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.
5. Access to Your personal information
Natural Bed Company tries to be as open as it can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’. If we do hold information about you we will:
give you a description of it;tell you why we are holding it;tell you who it could be disclosed to; andlet you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.
To make a request to us for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing to the address provided in part 7.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by writing to the address provided in part 7.
6. Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 30/07/20 to reflect updates on how long we retain account and order data for.
7. How to contact us
If you want to request information about our privacy policy you can email us at:
counter@naturalbedcompany.co.uk
or write to:
Natural Bed CompanyDevonshire Point123-125 Fitzwilliam StreetSheffieldS1 4JPSouth YorkshireGreat Britain
Subscribe to our newsletter to hear all about our latest product ranges!
Sign Up
COVID-19 STATUS
Our showroom is currently open on an 'appointment only' basis and some of our other services have been affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic
– Read our full message Dismiss