http://www.usinger.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Security Statement of Fred Usinger, Inc.
This privacy policy covers Fred Usinger, Inc. and its Web site, usinger.com
This is how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.
The information our Web servers gather depends upon what you do when visiting our site. Please note that our servers are not set up to collect any personally identifying information about you when you visit sites hosted on them. The only personal information about you that is gathered is the information you choose to provide to us.
If you visit our site, we collect and store only the following anonymous information about your visit:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account) and the Internet Protocol (IP) address or host name which may or may not identify a specific computer.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit.
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
These web access logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to insure the integrity of the data on our servers. With the exception of web access and email log data that is collected from all visitors, we do not collect any information on-line from children.
Use of Personal Information:
You may decide to send us personally identifying information (for example, your mailing address) in an electronic mail message or web-based form requesting that information or products be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is never sold, licensed or rented. We may on occasion exchange your mailing address with select third parties for marketing purposes.
If you would like to opt out of having your mailing address shared with third parties, email us at info@usinger.com or write to us at the below listed address.
If the information is shared with a third party to process your order, we require that third party to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Any information that you provide us in an email or through a form may be subject to disclosure under a Freedom of Information Act request pursuant to subpoena or court order. . Form output submitted to databases or other data gathering mechanisms may be stored indefinitely. We also retain an email log of the time each message is received by the server, the source and destination address of each message, the time each message is forwarded, and the delivery status of each message. The email log may be retained indefinitely.
Our Web site is hosted on servers owned by an outside provider (Hive Hosting). Form output sent to us are transmitted through Google servers and processed by Google servers. Those e-mails are not ever intercepted, read or stored by provider personnel.
In the event that Fred Usinger, Inc. is ever bought, sold, or merged with another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all of our collected information along with the rest of the assets of the Company to the new owner.
Security of Transmitted information:
Our web servers protect your data using industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) connections, which ensures that your sensitive information is always encrypted before transmitting it over the Internet. Our Digital ID is provided by Verisign.
For Site Management:
Information from web access and email logs is collected for "in aggregate" statistical purposes. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of sites, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For Site and Server Security:
To ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic, to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, and to prevent denial of service attacks or other attacks intended to cause damage. Unauthorized modification of any information stored on this system may result in criminal prosecution.
Certain accredited and/or approved outside parties have been granted limited FTP access to areas of our the Web servers that host our Web site for the purpose of updating other Web sites hosted on the same servers. That limited access allows for upload and modification of Web files to those accounts only (HTML pages, images and documents), but does not allow access to directories where executable files are stored. The ability to install and run executable files (anything that could crash the server or compromise its operation or security) is reserved exclusively for the developers of our Web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every linked Web site as their privacy policies may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to the Usinger's web sites.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to revise this privacy policy, and if that happens, we will post those changes on this Web site so our visitors and customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us (see Contact Us below).
Contact Us
Questions about our Privacy and Security policies may be directed to:
Fred Usinger, Inc.
1030 N Old World 3rd St
Milwaukee, WI 53203
USA
Phone: 800-558-9998
Email: info@usinger.com
© Copyright 2020 Usinger's.
Powered by
Smart-IS International
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions