http://www.nascardiecast.com/privacy
Home
Lionel Racing: Privacy Policy
Lionel Privacy PolicyLast updated: September 5, 2018Privacy PolicyWe publish this Privacy Policy to inform you of our practices concerning the collection and use of information you provide us through interactions with this website. This policy is not applicable to information gathered or provided to us by other methods or controlled by other agreements. Our Commitment to Privacy To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.A Note to Non-United States Users This Website is not directed at or intended for users outside the United States Please be advised that if you are located in the European Union or another region with laws related to data collection and use that may differ from United States law, your personal data submitted through this Website and transferred to the United States may not have the same legal data protection as in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using a Site, you consent to this transfer and the processing of your data (personal or otherwise) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the State of North Carolina. The applicable laws in the United States regarding the processing of data (personal or otherwise) may be less stringent than the laws in your country.We make no claim that a Site or the Content is appropriate for or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to a Site or Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access a Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with laws of your jurisdiction.A Note to California & Canadian Users California and Canadian users may have certain rights to know how their personal information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities. This Privacy Policy explains our practices.A Note to All Users By using this website, you consent to this transfer and the processing of your data (personal or otherwise) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with a Site in the federal and state courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the State of North Carolina.You Must Be Over 18Access and use of any Site and the Services offered therein by an individual under the age of eighteen (18) is prohibited. A Special Note for ParentsAlthough we sell children’s products, our products are for purchase by adults only. Use of a Site or Services by anyone under the age of eighteen (18) is prohibited without the involvement, consent, and supervision of a parent or guardian.We, with guidance from the Children’s Advertising Review Unit, have established this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to our Site about the type of information we solicit, and what we do with this information.What is Personally Identifiable Information "Personally identifiable information" is information that can be used to identify you as an individual. Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, email address, telephone number and any other information that is connected with you personally. Information You Provide to Us From time to time and if they are offered, on some pages of a Site, you may be able to register as a user, make requests, and ask to receive materials. When you register, we may collect personally identifiable information from you, such as your name, email address, address, country of residence, phone number, zip code and/or mail code; gender and age; and subscriber or registration user name, number, login, password, password reminder questions, security questions and answers for returning users. If you provide us feedback or testimonials regarding a Site, products or service via a Site or email, we will collect your name, email address and other information you provide. If you order Products through a Site, we may collect your name, shipping address, credit card number, expiration date, and billing address.From time to time and if they are offered, you may be able to elect to participate in a variety of emails or e-letters (email services), ranging from daily news to specials. We collect personal information in connection with the registration for and use of such services.Personal Information Collected via Technology To make a Site more useful to you, we may use technological means to collect personally identifiable information from you, including the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) you just came from, the URLs you go to next, your browser type, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. We also may use cookies or clear GIFs to collect personally identifiable information from you about your use of a Site or emails we send you. You expressly consent to our use of cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons and similar technical methods when you use a Site and services.An “IP Address” is a number that is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to administer a Site, and/or to analyze a Site’s flow.What You Should Know About CookiesFirst of all… what are cookies? “Cookies” are small amounts of data (often including a unique identifier), that are sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive, computer or mobile device. A Site may use both session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your computer until you delete them, to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on a Site. You often have the ability to accept or to decline cookies, typically through an option on your web browser. If you disable your cookies, however, you will not have access to certain features of a Site or portions of a Site may not function efficiently. For this section, we conveniently use “cookies” as an umbrella term for information storage and management techniques such as cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons and JavaScript. They don’t take much space and they will be removed automatically when expired. Some cookies expire at the end of your internet session, while others will be saved for a limited amount of time.Secondly… why do we use cookies?We use cookies to ensure your visit to a Site is as pleasant as possible. There are different types of cookies with different uses. Some are there just to allow you to browse a Site and see certain features. Some give us an idea on your browsing experience, e.g., when you have trouble finding what you are looking for, so we can improve and make your future visit as pleasant as possible.Next… what are the different cookie types we use?The most important cookies are the “required cookies.” They are essential and help you to navigate on a Site and to use basic features. Then there are “functionality cookies” that enable you to save your shopping bag, create a wish list and to save your shipping details for a quicker checkout. We use “performance cookies” to improve a Site. We also like to show you relevant offers. To manage this we collect browsing data. “Interaction cookies” are used for you to interact with social media or to submit reviews. “Targeting cookies” capture your preferences in order to show you relevant ads outside the Site. Below you see a more elaborate overview of the types of cookies we are using:REQUIRED COOKIES are essential and help you navigate, move around on the Site and see certain features. E.g., these cookies make sure your basket is saved during all the steps of your checkout process.FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES are there so we can give you an even smoother customer experience. These cookies help you to save and remind you about your shopping bag and enable you to create a wish list.PERFORMANCE COOKIES help us to understand shopping behavior of our visitors. This enables us to keep improving our Site, so shopping becomes easier and more pleasant for you.INTERACTION COOKIES are used for you to express your opinion. We love to know what you think about our product, our Site and about us in general. These cookies will enable you to like or recommend us on social media and to chat with our service agents. But you can also advise our other (potential) customers by rating and reviewing our products.TARGETING COOKIES will remember your product and buying preferences. We believe advertising is all about relevance. These cookies enable us to share what you like with our advertisers. So if you are browsing on e.g. Google, the advertisement you see can be more relevant to your preferences.Finally… what if you don’t like cookies?You can change your browser settings to delete or prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent. The ‘help’ section in your browser should provide information on how to manage your cookie settings. Find out how this works for your browser here:Internet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxGoogle ChromeSafariOperaAdobe (plug-in for flash cookies)“Clear GIFs” are clear electronic images that are used to track your movements on a Site. They help us determine whether content on a Site is effective. We also use clear GIFs in certain types of emails (such as HTML-based emails) to let us know which emails have been opened and acted upon by recipients (including any persons to which the emails have been forwarded). Clear GIFs on our site collect a limited set of information including cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the clear GIF resides. This information helps us assess the effectiveness of certain communications and marketing campaigns. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on he pages of web sites. Cookies, Clear GIFs, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.We (or third party service providers on our behalf) may also use cookies, Clear GIFs and other technical means to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis. We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose. Use of Information We may use the information you provide about yourself to provide information about products or services to you. We also use personally identifiable information to notify you about updates to our products and services, marketing initiatives, and to respond to your requests and inquiries. We also may use personally identifiable information to offer you information about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to send you newsletters and other marketing material. We use the information you provide to communicate with you, such as to notify you when changes may be necessary to an agreement with you, to fulfill a request by you, or to contact you about your account or registration with us. We use and may disclose to third parties the information that you provide also for the purpose of providing you information.If you register with a Site, we may send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of a Site or our products or services and may contain, in whole or in part, advertisements for third parties which relate to others with whom we do business. If you provide information in connection with a specific event, we may share your information with the sponsor or those associated with the event.We do not share your personally identifiable information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide information to you or as stated in this Privacy Policy.We use return email addresses to answer emails or web-based requests that we receive.If you send a testimonial or comment to us, we may post it on a Site or use it in any advertising materials. We may attribute your testimonial to you by posting your name or some combination of your name and initials, if provided or ascertainable, on a Site or advertising materials.We may create anonymous data records from personally identifiable information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to perform statistical analysis of users’ aggregate behavior so that we may enhance the content of our services and a Site, and improve a Site’s navigation. We reserve the right to disclose anonymous data to third parties in our discretion.We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of a Site and to enable us to augment your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. We may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged, in part or in whole, with another company, and we may share information about you with our subsidiaries, if any.Agents and contractors of ours who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. At some places on a Site, we may ask your permission to disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you. Finally, we will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, or rent to third parties the personally identifiable information collected from our services.Our Commitment to Data SecurityWhen you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.We may choose to sell, trade, or rent your personal information to other trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by unchecking the opt-in checkbox when you initially register or log in to your account and uncheck the opt-in box within the My Account area. While our goal is to operate a 100% error-free and secure site, we do not guarantee that a Site is accurate, complete or free from unauthorized access. To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.Our Commitment to Children's Privacy Sites are not directed towards children, minors or anyone under the age of 18.Please do not send us any information about anyone under the age of 18, like names, addresses or email addresses. In general, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from those under 18. If, in limited circumstances, we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 18, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.Breaches of SecurityWe are not responsible for any breach of security caused by third parties or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We also may link to other websites or we may allow to be displayed on a Site advertisements of third parties. We are not responsible for such third party’s privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.Legal Subpoenas and Other Required DisclosuresWe may disclose personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of a Site; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms, or as otherwise required by law.Additional NoticesAll product-specific information for third-party Products is provided to us by the manufacturers who are solely responsible for its content and accuracy. We will not be responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information.Product and services prices are subject to change without prior notice. Product design is subject to change without notice. Inventory availability and published resale pricing are subject to rapid change.If you are conducting this or any session on a public computer or are otherwise using a computer to which multiple people have potential access, be sure to follow all relevant instructions to ensure you are sufficiently disconnected and logged off this site and the computer system you are using so as to prevent unauthorized access to your account.Please see the Terms and Conditions for important notices about copyrights, trademarks and other matters. You may not, without our prior written permission, “mirror” any material contained on a Site or any other content being displayed on the world wide web.Any permission granted to you herein terminates automatically without further notice if you breach any of the Terms or Privacy Policy. Upon such termination, you agree to immediately destroy any and all downloaded and/or printed materials from any and all Sites and Apps. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on a Site may violate domestic and/or international copyright and trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.All trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans, domain names and trade names (collectively “Marks”) are the properties of their respective owners. We disclaim any proprietary interest in Marks other than our own Marks.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify the Terms, Privacy Policy or other disclaimers or legal terms at any time without giving you prior notice. Your use of a Site following any such modification constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by such things as modified. For this reason, we encourage you to review the Terms, Privacy Policy and other terms whenever you use a Site.Your California Privacy Rights Under a provision of California law, customers of ours who are California residents may request certain information about the disclosure of personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, if any. To make such a request, please send an email to TalkToUs@lionel.com. You should put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email. Subject to legal changes, please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address.What Else Should I Know About My Privacy When Online? A Site or App may contain hyperlinks to other websites. A Site or App also may contain advertisements of third parties. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party websites or advertisers, or even those third parties to whom we may disclose personally identifiable information (as provided above). We does not share any of the individual personal information you provide us with the websites to which we links, except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although we may share aggregate data with such websites (such as how many people use a Site). Please check with those third party sites to determine their privacy policy. When and if we embed third party content into a page of a Site, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that it is evident or to advise our users that they have exited a Site and are entering a third-party controlled website. You should read and understand any privacy policy noted on all third party websites that you visit.Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through email, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for determining whether you intend for your personal information to be confidential and for maintaining its confidentiality. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online. Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us through the contact information on our Contact Us page (if any) or send us an email at the address listed below. Sites are operated by:Lionel LLC 6301 Performance Drive Concord, NC 28027 TalkToUs@lionel.com© 2018 Lionel LLC. All rights reserved.