http://www.go2marine.com/privacy-policy
Shop Holiday Gift Ideas >
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy We value your privacy. This notice describes our privacy policy and practices. By visting our website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Our website may contain links to other websites operated and maintained by third parties. Other websites may also reference or link to our website. LFS, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. You should consult the individual privacy policies of those websites to determine their privacy practices before disclosing any personal information. Information We CollectInformation You ProvideWe receive and may store any information you provide to us through our website. For example, we collect information that you provide when you place an order, register with us, send us an e-mail, call us, or sign up for our newsletter.  This information may include:your nameyour mailing addressyour billing addressyour e-mail addressyour phone numberIt may also include any other personal or preference information you provide to us, including a record of your online product purchases. It may also include information you submit about other people, for example, the name and address of a gift recipient. E-mailAll e-mails sent to us may be saved and are not confidential. Please do NOT send credit card numbers, via e-mail. You are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving special offers, newsletters and other communications. We provide the opportunity to opt-out at registration and with each of these communications. For example, when you receive marketing/advertising e-mail, you have the option of being removed from the e-mail subscription list by following the instructions stated at the bottom of each e-mail. Established customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special offers and newsletters. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Periodically we will send you site and service announcement updates. Customers are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with you to provide requested services and regarding issues relating to your account via e-mail or phone. Automatically Collected InformationOur web servers automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us through our website. For example, when you visit the site, our system automatically recognizes your domain name and IP address(es), date and time of visits, the type of browser you use, the website from which your visit originated, page visits, time spent on web pages, and other similar traffic data. No personal information about you is revealed in this process. This information may be used by us to operate the website and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the website.CookiesOur website uses "cookies" to customize your shopping experience or to keep track of your shopping cart. "Cookies" are pieces of information that are sent to your browser and stored in your computer's hard drive. Cookies enable us to more easily communicate and interact with you. You may disallow cookies through your web browser and still browse and shop on our website. Use of InformationPersonal InformationWe may use your personal information to process or follow up with transactions initiated on the website or through our customer service department.  We may share information provided by you directly or through cookies with companies that provide support services to us such as a transaction processor, shipping companies, or our web host. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose, or to share that information with anyone other than the company and its agents. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. In such cases we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross-reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. We may from time to time, share your customer data with third parties to perform services on your behalf. In the event of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets or equity interests in LFS Marine & Outdoor.com (LFS Inc.), by merger or otherwise (including in connection with a bankruptcy or reorganization of LFS Inc. or its affiliates), we may transfer, assign, and convey any and all information you have provided to us or that we have collected about you through your use of www.lfsmarineoutdoor.com, including personally identifiable information, and you hereby consent to such transfer, assignment, and conveyance.Aggregate InformationWe may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.   Disclosures Ordered By LawWe may disclose information you provide to our website when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law when it is necessary to identify, contact, bring or defend legal action against persons or entities that we believe may be causing harm to you, our company or third parties; and when necessary, to protect or defend our rights or property. Protecting Children's PrivacyThis is a general audience website; it is not directed at children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any child under the age of 18 at this website, nor do we send e-mail correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 18. SecurityWe have appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural security safeguards to protect and secure the information we collect. Nonetheless, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from our website, and you do so at your own risk. Our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a protocol developed for transmitting private documents via the Internet. SSL uses a cryptographic system that uses two keys to encrypt data including your personal credit information. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Updates To This PolicyUpdates and changes to this privacy policy will be posted on our website and will be effective from the date they are posted unless otherwise noted. New policies will apply to all current and past users of the website and supersede any inconsistent policies previously in effect. Your ConsentBy using our website, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this online privacy policy. This privacy policy is subject to change, so we encourage you to review it periodically.