https://www.carolinaclassictrucks.com/security-privacy-policy.html
We are open and actively processing orders, however, please note some products may not be available or may take longer than normal to arrive due to the COVID-19 virus. All KeyParts ground shipped products are shipping 5 business days after placing your order, all Truck Freighted (large and heavy) items are shipping 4 to 6 weeks after placing your order.
American Autowire products are shipping 4 to 6 weeks after placing your order.
Serving the American People Since 2002
Contact Order Status My Account Help
Home
Customer Service
Security and Privacy Policy
Security and Privacy Policy
At Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, which is why we do not sell, rent, or loan any personal identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. We hope the policy below will answer all of your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from visitors to carolinaclassictrucks.com. Feel free to e-mail us at
customerservice@carolinaclassictrucks.com with any questions you might have.
Security of the Information You Provide
Among our top priorities is keeping your
Personal Information secure. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology,
which provides the highest level of security currently available for secure
transactions, to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is
transmitted to us. Encrypted information cannot be read or recorded as it
travels over the Internet. You can tell you are sending information
securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon on that should appear
at the bottom of your internet browser's window (depending on what browser
you use). These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Web
site. In addition, you will see our site address change slightly, from
http: to https: indicating a secure server connection is being used.
Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode Credit Card Security
In order to secure our site and your order we are proud partners with the Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode programs.  Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode allow enrolled cardholders to set up a unique passwords, similar to a personal identification numbers used at an ATM, which is submitted during the checkout process. Carolina Classic Trucks Inc. has adopted the cardholder authentication programs to provide increased transaction security for our customers, while reducing online fraud. Additional information on Verified by Visa can be found at:
https://usa.visa.com/support/consumer/security.html. (Due to the length of this URL, it may be necessary to copy and paste this hyperlink into your Internet browser's URL address field.) Additional information on MasterCard SecureCode can be found at: http://www.mastercardmerchant.com/securecode/.
What Information We Collect
In order to process your order
efficiently, we collect the following information: name, billing address,
shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number
("Personal Information") when you place an order with us. This
information is used solely by Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. and is stored
in a secure environment. Under certain circumstances we do also collect the
user's IP address, but only when we suspect that credit card fraud may have
occurred. We also periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Web site.
This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from
us. We use this information for marketing research purposes. We may contact
a visitor who responded to a survey for more information, but only if that
visitor has told us that they don't mind being contacted.
Use of Information that You Provide
At Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. we collect Personal Information only for the purposes of fulfilling orders, providing a high level of customer service, gaining knowledge internally regarding what our customers want and mailing circulars and special offers from Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. We do not give or sell Personal Information to any other party, except to those of our employees and agents who we rely on to handle this information on our behalf in accordance with the above purposes. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us, you can always remove yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to
customerservice@carolinaclassictrucks.com, indicating "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code.
Opt-out E-mail policy
We ask that you tell us when you do not wish to receive periodic e-mails from us. We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those visitors who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us. If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us at any time, you can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to
customerservice@carolinaclassictrucks.com stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the subject line of the e-mail "NO E-MAIL".
Firewall Security
The computers that store your
Personal Information employ the latest in firewall and security technology.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to provide our customers
with streamlined ordering and other useful features. Cookies are pieces of
information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies make Web surfing easier for you by saving your customer
identification information while you're at our site. The use of cookies has
become an industry standard used by most major Web sites. Most Web browsers
automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to
prevent that. Please continue to review our privacy policy from time to
time so that you are aware of our current policy with respect to cookies.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By using our Web site, you agree to accept
the Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. privacy policy. Make sure you read this
policy carefully, because if you do choose to use our Web site, you
automatically agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy,
please do not use our Web site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to
change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please
check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Web
site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept
those changes.
Terms of Use
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, data, and software is the property of Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc. and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
If you prefer not to disclose your credit card information online, you can
always place your order by
calling 1-336-298-4168.
How to contact us:
MAILING ADDRESS: Carolina Classic Trucks, Inc.
5820 N. Church St.
Ste. D Box 113
Greensboro, NC 27455
USA
PHONE:
(336) 298-4168
E-MAIL:
customerservice@carolinaclassictrucks.com