http://www.helmetbuddy.com/privacy.html
Buddy Covers®
Made in the U.S.A.
U. S. Patents
US 6,422,385 B1
US 6,736,263 B1
US 6,711,752 B2
D 589,246 S
D 628,256 S
Patents Pending
Home Page
Order On-line
Ski Buddy® (Alpine)
Ski Buddy® (Cross Country)
Helmet Buddy®
Snowboard Buddy®
Boot Cover by Buddy Covers®
M-4/M-16 Cover by Buddy Covers®
Kit Cover by Buddy Covers®
SCBA Cover by Buddy Covers®
Blackout Mask Cover by Buddy Covers®
Blackout Mask Cover with Hole by Buddy Covers®
Golf Bag Cover by Buddy Covers®
Bat Cover by Buddy Covers®
Indiana University Products
Purdue University Products
Contact Us
Promotional Brochures
Press Releases
Links
Privacy
FAQ
Site Map
Canadian Patents
2,367,706
2,286,777
2,301,496
125376
Patents Pending
Privacy Guaranteed
We realize that customers are concerned about how the information they provide on-line will be used. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will use the information we collect about you to process your order and provide a more personalized shopping experience. We do not sell or rent our list of customers to anyone, without their permission.
BUDDY COVERS® IS COMMITED TO YOUR PRIVACY - Your privacy is important, so we have created the following Privacy Policy to
let you know what information we collect when you visit our web site, why we collect
it, and how it is used.  We may
periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy. We suggest that you review
this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This
policy was last revised on 01/04/09.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU AND WHY?
Name, Address and Phone Number. When you use our web Site, we may request your
name, street address, telephone number or other "real world" contact
information. We use this information to complete and support your purchases
from and use of the buddycovers.com web site, for internal purposes and to
comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our
staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the
delivery of your order or the support of your use of the buddycovers.com web
site.
EMAIL ADDRESS - We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you
online. We use it to complete and support your purchases from and use of the buddycovers.com
web site, and to comply with any requirements of law, to respond to any
questions you might have. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to
third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of
your order or the support of your use of the buddycovers.com website.
THIRD PARTY SITES - This Site contains links to third party websites. BuddyCovers is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Your use
of these third party websites is entirely at your own risk.
IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTION - If you have a privacy question about the buddycovers.com web site, please
email: Customer Service at order@buddycovers.com or call us at 1-888-SKI-BUDY.
companyinfo@buddycovers.com
|| 1-888-SKI-BUDY (1-888-754-2839)