http://www.olesmoky.com/pages/privacy
READY TO LIVE A LITTLE? FIRST, WE NEED TO SEE SOME ID!
ARE YA OVER 21?
YesNo
Remember my selection
By clicking the buttons you agree to the terms and conditions found here.For employment opportunities, click here.
© 2020 OLE SMOKY MOONSHINE
SHINE RESPONSIBLY ®
Skip to content
Your cart
close
Submit
Products
expand
Find Ole Smoky
Moonshine
Whiskey
Canned Cocktails
Recipes
The Distillery
expand
THE HOLLER
THE BARN
THE BARRELHOUSE
6TH & PEABODY
Our Heritage
News & Events
expand
In the News
Partners
Awards
Livestream
Store
expand
Apparel
Mens
Womens
Accessories
Giftware
Food Pantry
Our Instagram
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
COLLECTING AND USING NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
When visiting the site, certain non-personally-identifiable and aggregate information is collected. This data helps us to analyze and improve the usefulness of the information we provide on the website. This data may be utilized by third-party companies for use in providing advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you based on your web surfing activities including your activities on this website. Third-party companies may use non-cookie technologies to recognize your computer or device. Please note that neither your web browser nor its settings to block cookies may have any effect in allowing you to block their use. In order for you to make an informed decision about whether to use and navigate our website, we are providing you with the following information about how we collect and use non-personally identifiable and aggregate information. By “non-personally-identifiable information, we mean information that does not identify you personally, but provides us with anonymous "usage data," such as the number of unique visitors we receive, what pages are visited most often and the navigation preferences and characteristics of our visitors.
Web browser information. Web browsers collect and store information about the type of device and operating system you are using to access our website, as well as your device’s address for facilitating network communications. Accessing this information helps us to establish a secure and consistent connection to you during your visits to our website.
"Cookie" technology. A "cookie" is an element of data that a website can send to your browser when you link to that website. It is not a computer program and has no ability to read data residing on your computer or instruct it to perform any step or function. By assigning a unique data element to each visitor, the website is able to recognize repeat users, track usage patterns and better serve you when you return to that site. The cookie does not extract other personal information about you, such as your name or address.
Client-side page tagging. This technology uses code on each web page to write certain information about the page and the visitor to a log when a page is rendered to you by your web browser. "Tagging" does result in a JavaScript program running in your browser, but it is limited to providing information about the page that you are requesting and the configuration of your browser. It will not read any of your data files, nor execute any additional programs. It does not extract any personal information about you, such as your name or email address. You can prevent tagging by disabling JavaScript in your browser, but that may prevent you from using all of our website's functions.
Tracking pixels or beacons. These techniques use electronic files to track your navigation of our website, your completion of transactions and other browsing behavior.IP Address: When you subscribe to an Internet Service Provider (ISP), your computing device is assigned an IP Address. We track and store this address to help us manage security and monitor usage volume and patterns.
To learn more about internet based advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising on our web site including the use by third parties please go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Please click here to read the Ole Smoky Distillery® Terms & Conditions.