http://www.mindmedia.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHomePrivacy PolicyMind Media B.V. ("Mind Media") is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement. Personal dataMind Media processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because you provide them yourself. In this document, "personal data" refers to information that relates to an individual and that identifies that individual directly or indirectly (together with other data that are likely to come into the possession of Mind Media), such as your name, e-mail address , telephone number or country.In order to access certain parts of our websites, such as software registration, or in connection with another specific purpose, we may need to collect personal information from you. The purposes for which personal data are collected are described below:Communication about requests for information, requests for a quote or demo, registration for events, support requests.Promotional activities related to our products and services. For this we offer options for registration and deregistration.Software registration. We need your data to determine who uses our products. This way we can inform you about changes or other product-related issues.Statistics of the websiteRecruitment as a result of an application CookiesMind Media uses the following cookies:functional cookiesanalytical cookiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. Mind Media uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work well and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that keep track of your browsing habits so that we can offer customized content and advertisements. On your first visit to our website we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission for their placement. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser. View and changes personal dataYou have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Mind Media and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have in your computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can send a request for inspection, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data. Sensitive personal dataMind Media does not collect sensitive personal data via its websites. Save personal dataMind Media does not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to realize the purposes for which your data is collected. Security of personal dataMind Media uses various technological and procedural security measures to protect the personal data we collect, use or transfer against loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Third party websitesOur website may contain links to third party websites. When you connect to a third-party website, you must inform yourself of the privacy policy of the website concerned. Like many other organizations, we work together with other parties that collect, use and otherwise process personal data on our behalf. Our method is to require such third parties to treat the personal data in accordance with Mind Media's privacy policy. Sharing personal data with third partiesMind Media provides exclusively to third parties and only if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation.
Louis Eijssenweg 2B
6049 CD Herten
E info@mindmedia.com
T +31 475 410123About us About us Blog Events Customers Jobs StoreSolutions Biofeedback Neurofeedback qEEG ResearchSupport Knowledge Base Documentation Downloads Remote Control© Mind Media 2020Privacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsAccept cookiesThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More information