https://www.tanksrifleshop.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
About Us
Shop Info
Services
Tech Notes
News
Downloads
Our Policies
Links
Contact Us
FAQ’s
Privacy Policy-
12/4/2019
1. Commitment to Privacy
Tank’s Rifle Shop LLC (“Tank’s,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) offers and maintains a website located at http://www.tanksrifleshop.com, including all subdomains and subparts. We respect the privacy of everyone who visits the Site. Our Privacy Policy is an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality service with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our visitors and customers. This policy was developed to inform visitors to the Site about how we handle and use personal information. Privacy is important; we hope you take the time to read this Privacy Policy carefully. UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We will regularly assess this Privacy Policy against new technologies, business practices, and our customers needs to ensure that you are informed to make choices about how to share and secure your personal data. If you have questions about this privacy statement, our information practices, or your dealings with us, please contact us at (402) 727-1317.
2. Collection of Your Information
When you visit the Site, you may provide us with two types of information: (a) personally identifiable information that you voluntarily disclose so that we may provide products or services to you, such as when you register for an account and (b) website use information collected automatically as you browse the Site. By using the Site, or allowing someone to do so on your behalf, you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, retention, and eventual destruction in accordance with this Privacy Policy of any personally identifiable information or other information received by us as a result of such use.
(a)Personally Identifiable Information We may collect personally identifiable information about you, including, without limitation, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and payment information. If you choose to correspond with us through email we may retain the content of your messages, together with your email address and our responses.
(b)Website Use InformationLike many site operators, we also collect certain data that your browser sends to us from the computer, mobile device, and/or browser through which you access the Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data includes, without limitation, your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, statistics on your activities on the Site (such as the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at the Site), information about how you came to the Site, and data collected through Cookies or other similar technologies. In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor, and analyze Log Data. Much of this Log Data is not personally identifiable information.
3. Use of Your Information
Broadly speaking, we use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which you provided it. If you order a product, or engage us for professional services, we will use your name and contact information to fulfill your needs, including billing, and delivery. If you send us an email, we may use your email address and other information you submit to provide customer service to you.We may also use your personally identifiable information or Log Data to administer our internal business activities, such as to design and arrange the Site in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve the Site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers, to better understand visitors to the Site, to manage your account, to provide customer service, or to make available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers.
4. Disclosure of Your Information
(a)No Sale of Your InformationWe are not in the business of selling your personally identifiable information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. Therefore, we will not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties, including third party advertisers. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer, or share your personally identifiable information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth in (b) below.
(b)Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationWe may disclose your personally identifiable information if required to do so by law (including, without limitation, responding to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court, or a government agency) or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (1) to comply with a legal obligation; (2) to protect or defend our rights, interests, or property, or that of third parties; (3) to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site; (4) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site, or the public; or (5) to protect against legal liability.
5. Your Choices About Use and Disclosure Of Your Information
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. You may choose to limit the personally identifiable information you submit by merely browsing the Site without providing your name or other information. If you do so, you will not be able to use certain functionality of the Site. To open an account, for example, you must provide your name and email address.
6. Information Security
We are committed to the protection of your information. When you place an order through the Site, we encode your information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. This is the most advanced consumer online security technique to date. Our business practices also limit employee access to personally identifiable information and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes, and transactions.
(a)Storage of Your InformationWe may store personally identifiable information itself or such information may be stored by third parties, as in credit card processor’s to whom we have transferred it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect the personally identifiably information collected via the Site from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no network, server, database, or Internet or e-mail transmission, is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us electronically. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personally identifiable information.
(b)Information RetentionWe may retain your personally identifiable information as long as you continue to use the Site. You may close your account by contacting us. However, we may retain personally identifiable information for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. Even if we delete your personally identifiable information, it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time. How long do we keep your personal data? We keep data for seven years from the date that we acquire such data.
(c)Evaluation of Information Protection PracticesWe periodically review this Privacy Policy for compliance with legal requirements, and corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality, and quality of our information. The effective date of this version of the Privacy Policy can be seen on top of this page (under the main headline).
7. Children
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of eighteen (18), and our emails and the Site are neither directed nor targeted to children less than eighteen (18) years of age. If you are under the age of eighteen (18), please do not submit any personally identifiable information through the Site. We strongly encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s use of the Internet and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide personally identifiable information through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of eighteen (18) has provided personally identifiable information to us through the Site, please contact us at info@tanksrifleshop.com and we will use reasonable efforts to delete such personally identifiable information from the Site and our files.
8. International Privacy Laws
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including personally identifiable information) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. We will hold and process your personally identifiable information in accordance with privacy laws in the United States and this Privacy Policy. Please note that privacy laws in the United States may not be the same as, and in some cases may be less protective than, the privacy laws in your country, and while in the United States personally identifiable information may be subject to lawful access requests by government agencies.
9. Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If a material change to the terms of this policy is made, we will post a notice on the Site’s homepage with a link to the new policy. Modifications will be effective thirty (30) days following the date of posting such a notice or such other date as is communicated in any other notice to you. Your continued use of the Site following the effectiveness of any modifications to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance by you of those modifications. If any modification to this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, you should cease accessing, browsing, and otherwise using the Site and contact us at info@tanksrifleshop.com.
10. Acceptance of These Terms
By entering and using the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not so agree, please do not use the Site. If we change this Privacy Policy your continued use of the Site following the posting of such changes will signify your acceptance of those changes. By providing personally identifiable information to us, you fully and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of your information.
Main MenuHome
About Us
Shop Info
Services
Tech Notes
News
Downloads
Our Policies
Links
Contact Us
FAQ’s
On-Line StoreStore
Account
Cart
Search
Search for:
Tank's Rifle Shop LLCPO Box 474Fremont NE 68026USA(402) 727-1317
Click to access the login or register cheese