http://www.graysofwestminster.co.uk/legend/terms-and-conditions.php
020-7828 4925|Store Opening Hours|Glossary
Est. 1985 - the Kind of Service of which Legends are Made
Some Important Information For Our CustomersThe shop is now open by appointment only. Hours of business: Monday to Friday 10:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.. Alternatively, you can still shop with us online or over the telephone 020-7828 4925.
Grays of Westminster
Online Shop
New Equipment
New Equipment
New Nikon Camera Equipment
Nikon Manual Focus Lenses Pricelist
Price-Match Guarantee
Instruction Manuals
Hawkesmill Bags & Straps
Think Tank Camera Bags
Book Shop
Grays Merchandise
Ordering Information
Finance
Currency Converter
Nikon Data
Gift Certificates
Second-hand Equipment
Second-hand Equipment
Autofocus Nikkor Lenses
Nikon Digital Cameras
Nikon 35mm Film Cameras
Nikon Mirrorless
Manual Focus Nikkor Lenses
Vintage & Pre-AI Nikkor Lenses
Nikon Rangefinder Equipment
Nikon Accessories
Nikonos
Nikon Cine Cameras
Second-hand Grading
Wants List
Wanted for Cash
How to Find Us
Contact Us
About Us
News
Events
An Introduction
Grays of Westminster Film
Testimonials
In The Movies
Grays of Westminster Gazette
Tour the Shop
Awards
What the Press say
What other websites say
Book an appointment
Blog
Store Opening Hours
Glossary
Terms & Conditions
Home / Terms & Conditions
Grays of Westminster Terms & Conditions
Delivery Information
Goods are sent using reputable carriers such as Royal Mail, DHL, DPD, DSV or Transworld, but we may from time to time use others.
In the unusual event that ordered goods are out of stock your order will be placed on back order and a member of our staff will advise you of the estimated delivery date or give you the chance to cancel the order or suggest an alternative.
Delivery charges do vary on each item. All orders received after 3.30pm, unless otherwise stated, will be processed the next working day.
Payment
We accept most major credit and debit cards, bank transfers or cash. We also offer through Hitachi Capital, 0% finance over 6 months or yearly options up to five years at 12.9% APR. Additionally we work closely with the leasing company Photolease for those who require lease-hire purchasing.
Please note we no longer accept payment by cheque.
Privacy and Security
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We collect information simply to process your order and provide you with the best possible service. If you find any inaccuracies in your details, please let us know and we will delete or correct them as soon as possible. You can request to go on the mailing list or unsubscribe from any of our email updates at any time.
At Grays of Westminster we promise not to pass your details on to a third party. If you have any questions or comments about privacy, please email us on: info@graysofwestminster.co.uk The type of information we will collect about you includes (but is not limited to): your name, address, telephone number and email address plus your credit/debit card details for payment. We do not store credit card details electronically or otherwise and they are destroyed once your purchase has been made.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
Errors and Omissions
We make every effort to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and up to date. If you find an error please let us know and we will promptly correct it.
Please call the shop before coming in to purchase an item in second hand - the turnover is very fast and this way we can ensure the item is there and that it is reserved for you.
Specifications and product descriptions are for guidance only and cannot be guaranteed for accuracy.
We reserve the right to withdraw any item from sale, at any point prior to dispatch, for whatever reason and refund the amount paid in full. You will be promptly informed if such a situation arises.
Copyright
The design and text of this site is copyright © Grays of Westminster®
Some product images and product descriptions within this site are copyright © to their respective owners. All brand names, logos and trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Returns and Refunds of new equipment
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it with the following guidelines:
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition in which you received it. Your item must also be in the original packaging including internal bags and cartons and include proof of purchase.
New camera purchases cannot be refunded once used unless they are proven to be faulty within 28 days of purchase.
Any new but faulty camera or lens equipment will be replaced within 28 days. After this period any faulty equipment will be sent to an authorized Nikon repair centre for repair under warranty.
Once we receive your item, we will inspect it and send you notification of its receipt. We will update you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item.
Any refunds will be refunded at the price originally paid for the item. Please note we do not refund shipping costs unless the item received was faulty when sent.
Returns and Refunds of second hand equipment
All second hand equipment comes with a 14-day Sale or Return period and a 12-month warranty. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with a second hand item you have received from us you may return it for a full refund within 14 days of purchase, the only stipulation being that the item is in the same condition as it was purchased.
If an item is found faulty at the time of purchase your shipping costs to return the item to us will also be refunded.
Where the item has been used within the 28-day returns period, we may make a deduction from any refund if the value of the goods has been reduced
You may return a second hand item for a refund if it is no longer desired or required but please note that your shipping costs will not be refunded under these circumstances.
This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights. Details of your statutory rights are available from the Citizens Advice Bureau or Consumer Direct.
Shipping
Grays of Westminster ship to all parts of the world. Shipping is insured and charged for according to weight and value of the item ordered. Please telephone or e-mail for a quote.
Shipping costs are non-refundable. On the occasion that your refund or return is due to a faulty item or incorrect shipment by Grays of Westminster then we will bear the cost of the return shipping, however, please note that we must be notified of the circumstances surrounding this prior to the goods being shipped back to us.
Return Address
Please return items to: Grays of Westminster, 40 Churton Street, London, SW1V 2LP
Licence
You are permitted to print and download extracts from the Website for your own use on the following basis:
No documents or related graphics on the Website are modified in any way;
No graphics on the website are used separately from the corresponding text; and
Grays of Westminster's copyright and trade mark notices and this permission notice appear in all copies.
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in all material on the website (including without limitation photographs and graphical images) are owned by Grays of Westminster. For the purposes of this legal notice, any use of extracts from the Website other than in accordance with the above for any purpose is prohibited.
Links to and from other websites:
Links to third party websites on our website are provided solely for your convenience. We have no control over the content of these websites and your accessing of these is governed solely by their own terms and conditions.
Contact Us
Should you require any assistance regarding a purchase or return, please don't hesitate to contact us on telephone no. +44 (0)20 7828 4925 or info@graysofwestminster.co.uk
Special Note
Used memory cards are non-refundable unless faulty.
Items of new hardware sold by Grays of Westminster come with a one year guarantee. The guarantee period provided for used and refurbished items is one year but is increased for Nikon Owner subscribers. If an item that we supplied fails due to a manufacturing fault within the guarantee period but after more than 30 days please contact us to arrange a guarantee repair.
At Grays of Westminster we pride ourselves in offering excellent service. If you are not entirely satisfied with your experience in purchasing from us, you can contact us either by telephone (Tel: +44 (0)20 7828 4925), e-mail (info@graysofwestminster.co.uk) or in person at 40 Churton Street, London SW1V 2LP. We will endeavour to acknowledge and resolve any issues on the same day but please allow two working days for us to contact you.
Join our Mailing List
Go
MAIN MENU
Home
New Equipment
Second-hand Equipment
Wanted for Cash
How to Find Us
Contact Us
About Us
Blog
Store Opening Hours
Glossary
CONTACT US
40 Churton Street
Pimlico, London
SW1V 2LP, England
Telephone: +44 (0)20-7828 4925
E-mail: info@graysofwestminster.co.uk
Opening hours:
Mon - Fri: 10:00am - 5:30pm
Closed on Public and Bank Holidays
CORPORATE
Registered in
England & Wales.
Registered office:
40 Churton Street
Pimlico, London
SW1V 2LP, England
Company Reg. No. 5652450
VAT No. 872 2684 03
11
Copyright 2020 Grays of Westminster. All Rights Reserved. Site by Amazing Internet
Terms & Conditions|Privacy Policy|Cookies