http://www.robanda.com/pages/privacy-policy
Free Shipping on Orders Over $25
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, Robanda International ("Robanda") provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, Robanda makes a link to it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Robanda website. All information listed below is required for a particular service.
If you register an account with Robanda, all of the information collected during registration is available to certain staff members of Robanda International. The information collected is as follows:
Your Name
Email Address
Website address(es), other methods of contact, location, etc. are all optional.Your IP address may also be logged. IP addresses may be used in fraud prevention and/or to prosecute perpetrators of fraud or other abuses.Your IP address may also be logged. IP addresses may be used in fraud prevention and/or to prosecute perpetrators of fraud or other abuses.
On some pages, you may order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The information collected for these sections is strictly confidential and only shared with shippers, payment processors and/or selected partners as needed. The types of personal information collected on these pages are as follows:
Your Name
Billing and Shipping Address(es)
Email Address
Phone Number
Possibly Credit Card number or other payment information
If a credit card number is collected, it is never stored on our servers.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. The information collected for these sections is strictly confidential and only shared with shippers as needed. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are as follows:
Recipient’s Name
Recipient’s Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information Robanda uses the information you provide about yourself when placing an order solely to complete that order. We do not share your information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
Robanda only uses the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to ship that order and confirm its delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
Robanda uses return email addresses to answer the emails it receives. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register an account on the Robanda website if you would like to use discount coupons, receive newsletters, post reviews, or use various other services provided by Robanda International. The information you submit on the Robanda website may be shared with selected partners.
Robanda may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design the Robanda website and to share with advertisers. For example, Robanda may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Robanda website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but Robanda would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, Robanda never uses or shares the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, Robanda International has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information Robanda collects online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. For that reason, Robanda International never collects or maintains information on our website from those we actually know are under 13. No part of our Robanda website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all personally identifiable information that Robanda collects online and maintains by logging in and clicking on ‘My Account’ in the menu. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.