https://www.allergyclean.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarYour privacy is critically important to us. At Allergy, Air & More (dba Allergy Clean Environments) and Tex-Air Filters (“Allergy, Air & More”), we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information except when you place an order.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law or protect our rights.
We don’t collect or store personal information on our servers unless required for processing your order.
We never store your credit card information on our servers.
We use Authorize.net, a 3rd party payment gateway service, for processing online payments.
All data transmissions between Authorize.net and our websites are encrypted via SSL technology.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
Allergy, Air & More operates several websites including allergyclean.com and texairfilters.com. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Allergy, Air & More collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use our websites. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of ours websites.
Aggregated Statistics
Allergy, Air & More may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Allergy, Air & More may monitor the most popular product pages, articles or blog posts. Allergy, Air & More may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Allergy, Air & More does not disclose personally-identifying information to anyone.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor interacts with our shopping cart. Allergy, Air & More visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Allergy, Air & More’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Allergy, Air & More’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies, such as our shopping cart.
Product orders may be called in if a visitor does not which to place their order online.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Allergy, Air & More may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Allergy, Air & More encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Change log:
February 25, 2016: initial release.
Primary SidebarContact A.C.E.
Allergy, Air & More
sales@allergyclean.com
800-882-4110
972.503.9688
972.231.0025 Fax
Free shipping on all Texas orders.