https://www.cactusplaza.com/shipping-rates-policies
Skip to content
Shipping rates and Policies
CactusPlaza takes great care in shipping your plants and seeds
At CactusPlaza each order will be treated with the greatest care. We ship your order very well protected (with high quality packaging materials) to protect the items from low temperatures and shocks. Your plants will be shipped bare root (no soil) to prevent damage during transport.
Free Shipping
Currently We can offer free shipping for orders above a certain amount for The Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Austria, Denmark, France, Luxembourg and United Kingdom (UK).
Insured shipping with Track & Trace
All our orders are shipped with insured shipping with DPD. Each order has a tracking number which will be mailed to you when the order status is set to Shipped/Completed. You can also find the tracking order in your account, if you created one.
Orders are shipped after receiving payment. Shipping time is usually 3-5 working days (outside Europe 10-14 working days) depending on your country.
If you are for a reason not happy with an item please contact us. There is always a possibility for shipping the item back and to receive a substitute or refund. Please contact us if you have any further questions about shipping & handling or bank information for payment.
Shipping Costs
Please use the shipping calculator on the checkout page to calculate your shipping costs.
Delivery time
All orders are usually processed in 5 working days, depending on stock.
Shipping time needed for the parcel to reach you is on average:
Domestic (The Netherlands): 1-2 working days
Europe: 3-5 working days
Rest world: 10-14 working days*
* Sometimes a parcel needs to clear customs and there could be a delay. Please contact us should you have not received your parcel within 14 days.
No Shipping to USA and some other countries
In General: If you can not select your country then we can not ship to your country.
Disclaimer
NOTICE: BE FAMILIAR WITH YOUR (LOCAL) IMPORT AND CUSTOM REGULATIONS! CACTUSPLAZA IS NOT RESPONSIBLE CONCERNING IMPORT AND CUSTOM REGULATIONS. IT IS UP TO YOU TO CHECK YOUR LOCAL IMPORT LAWS BEFORE ORDERING AND INSTRUCT CACTUSPLAZA. WE CAN NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR PLANTS/SEEDS OR OTHER PRODUCTS LOST OR CONFISCATED BY CUSTOMS.
By using this web site and its services you are agreeing that you understand that the products available via this web site are offered for herbarium specimen, collection, legitimate research, plant propagation, and/or ornamental purposes only. If any individual chooses to use these products for other purposes, it is the individual’s own risk. We are not responsible regarding use or abuse of our products.
This website uses tracking cookies to store certain settings, without which the webshop wouldn’t function. Statistics on website usage are also tracked but you are able to opt out.
Search for:
Plants
Cactus Plants
Succulent Plants
Seeds
Cactus Seeds
Succulent Seeds
Exotic Seeds
Cuttings
Cactus Cuttings
Succulent Cuttings
Collections
Mini Succulents
Hardy Succulents
Accessories
Login
CactusPlaza.com uses functional and analytical cookies. By using our website you agree with the use of these cookies.Ok Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register