http://www.eleikosport.com/legal/privacy-policy
×Close
Location Settings
Language
Swedish
English
Currency
SEK
USD
Save changes
Close
Close
Save changes
Buy your Eleiko Premium Home Gym now! Visit
shop.eleiko.com
Strengthened Customer Data Protection
At Eleiko we care about your privacy and the safety of your data. Below we outline our policy and the steps we take to ensure GDPR compliance. We are transparent with the types of information we collect and do not share your information with anyone outside of Eleiko Group and its subsidiaries. We provide you with easy ways to control the information you share with us and encourage you to contact us with any concerns.
Olof Eliasson
Data Protection & GDPR Officer
+46 72 372 53 65
olof.eliasson@eleiko.com
Privacy and cookies policy
1. Introduction1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and website visitors1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our customers and website visitors; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.1.4 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls via https://eleiko.com/privacy-policy.1.5 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Eleiko Group AB, a Swedish company with registration number 556904-8498. For more information about us, see Section 19.2. How we use your personal data2.1 In this Section 2 we have set out:(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(d) the legal bases of the processing.2.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics.2.3 We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, gender, date of birth. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.2.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your name, email address, address, telephone number, type of service. The source of the service data is you. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.6 We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.2.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.2.8 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your contact details. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.2.9 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card/payment source details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.2.10 We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.2.11 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and2.12 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.2.13 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks2.14 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.2.15 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.3. Automated decision-making is not applicable4. Providing your personal data to others4.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at https://eleiko.com/contact4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.4.3 Financial transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment services providers, Paypal and DIBS Payment Services AB. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full and https://cdn.dibspayment.com/contracts/psp/psp_general_terms_sv.pdf4.4 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.5. International transfers of your personal data5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).5.2 We and our other group companies have offices and facilities that can be found under URL https://www.eleiko.com/contact. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en.5.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in Sweden. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en.5.4 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.6. Retaining and deleting personal data6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:(a) Personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 10 years following 25 May, 2018 and for a maximum period of 20 years following 25 May, 2018.6.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.7. Security of personal data7.1 We will take appropriate technical and organizational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.7.2 We will store all your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems.7.3 Data relating to your enquiries and financial transactions that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, will be protected using encryption technology.7.4 You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.7.5 You should ensure that your password is not susceptible to being guessed, whether by a person or a computer program. You are responsible for keeping the passwordyou use for accessing our website confidential and we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).8. Amendments8.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.8.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.8.3 We will notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.9. Your rights9.1 In this Section 9, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.9.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.9.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by visiting https://www.eleiko.com/account when logged into our website.9.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.9.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The generalexclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.9.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.9.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.9.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.9.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.9.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:(a) consent; or(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.9.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.9.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.9.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 9.10. Third party websites10.1 Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.10.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.11. Personal data of children11.1 Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.11.2 If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.12. Updating information12.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.13. About cookies13.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.13.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.13.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.14. Cookies that we use14.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:(a) Authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website / cookie names : 'EleikoGroupV21' and 'EleikoGroup1OutsideKey'(b) Status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website / cookie name : 'EleikoGroupV21'(c) Quotation cart - we use cookies to maintain the state of your quotation cart as you navigate our website / cookie name: 'EleikoGroup1OutsideKey'(d) Language selection - we use cookies to maintain your last language selection / cookie name: 'EleikoGoupCC'15. Cookies used by our service providers15.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.15.2 We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.15.3 We use a tool called Hojtar through Google Tag Manager, for information please read https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011639887-Data-Safety-Privacy-Security16. Managing cookies16.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links: (a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome); (b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox); (c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera); (d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer); (e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and (f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).16.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.16.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.17. Our details17.1 This website is owned and operated by Eleiko Group AB.17.2 We are registered in Sweden under registration number 556904-8498, and our registered office is at “Eleiko Group AB, Klastorpsvägen 18, SE-30262 Halmstad”.17.3 Our principal place of business is at “Eleiko Group AB, Klastorpsvägen 18, SE-30262 Halmstad”.17.4 You can contact us:(a) by post, to the postal address given above(b) using our website contact page at https://eleiko.com/contact(c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time(d) by email, using info@eleiko.com18. Data protection officer18.1 Our data protection officer's contact details are: Olof Eliasson, olof.eliasson@eleiko.com, phone nr +46 72 372 53 65
English (EN)Swedish (SV)Finnish (FI)French (FR)Danish (DA)Norwegian (NO)German (DE)Spanish (ES)Italian (IT)Russian (RU)
Save & Close
Close
Download all:
Lo
Hi
×Close
Location Settings
Country
AFGHANISTAN
ÅLAND
ALBANIA
ALGERIA
ARGENTINA
ARMENIA
ARUBA
AUSTRALIA
AUSTRIA
AZERBAIJAN
BAHRAIN
BANGLADESH
Barbados
BELARUS
BELGIUM
BELIZE
BENIN
BERMUDA
BHUTAN
BOLIVARIAN REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA
BOLIVIA
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA
BOTSWANA
BRAZIL
BRUNEI DARUSSALAM
BULGARIA
CAMBODIA
CAMEROON
CANADA
CAPE VERDE
CAYMAN ISLANDS
CHILE
COLOMBIA
CONGO (DRC)
Cook Islands
COSTA RICA
CÔTE D’IVOIRE
CROATIA
CUBA
CURACAO
CYPRUS
CZECH REPUBLIC
DEMOCRATIC PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF KOREA
DENMARK
DJIBOUTI
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC
ECUADOR
EGYPT
EL SALVADOR
EQUATORIAL GUINEA
ERITREA
ESTONIA
ETHIOPIA
FAROE ISLANDS
FIJI
FINLAND
FRANCE
FRENCH GUIANA
GABON
GAMBIA
GEORGIA
GERMANY
GHANA
GIBRALTAR
GREECE
GREENLAND
GUADELOUPE
GUAM
GUATEMALA
GUERNSEY
GUINEA, REPUBLIC
GUYANA
HAITI
HONDURAS
HONG KONG S.A.R.
HUNGARY
ICELAND
INDIA
INDONESIA
IRAN
IRAQ
IRELAND
ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN
ISLE OF MAN
ISRAEL
ITALY
JAMAICA
JAPAN
JERSEY
JORDAN
KAZAKHSTAN
KENYA
KOREA
Kosovo
KUWAIT
KYRGYZSTAN
LAO P.D.R.
LATVIA
LEBANON
LIBYA
LIECHTENSTEIN
LITHUANIA
LUXEMBOURG
MACAO S.A.R.
MACEDONIA (FYROM)
MADAGASCAR
MALAWI
MALAYSIA
MALDIVES
MALI
MALTA
MARCHAL ISLANDS
MARTINIQUE
MAURITIUS
MEXICO
MICRONESIA
MOLDOVA
MONGOLIA
MONTENEGRO
MOROCCO
MYANMAR
NARU
NEPAL
NETHERLANDS
NEW CALEDONIA
NEW ZEALAND
NICARAGUA
NIGERIA
NIUE
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS
NORWAY
OMAN
PANAMA
PAPAYA NEW GUINEA
PARAGUAY
PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA
PERU
PHILIPPINES
POLAND
POLYNESIA FRENCH
PORTUGAL
PRINCIPALITY OF MONACO
PUERTO RICO
QATAR
REPUBLIC OF KIRIBATI
REPUBLIC SAN MARINO
RÉUNION
ROMANIA
RUSSIA
RWANDA
SAINT BARTHELEMY
SAINT MARTIN
SALOMON ISLANDS
SAMOA
SAUDI ARABIA
SENEGAL
SERBIA
SERBIA AND MONTENEGRO (FORMER)
SEYCHELLES
SINGAPORE
SLOVAKIA
SLOVENIA
SOMALIA
SOUTH AFRICA
SPAIN
SRI LANKA
SUDAN
SURINAME
SWEDEN
SWITZERLAND
SYRIA
TAIWAN
TAJIKISTAN
THAILAND
TOGO
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
TUNISIA
TURKEY
TURKMENISTAN
TUVALU
U.A.E.
UGANDA
UKRAINE
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
URUGUAY
UZBEKISTAN
VANUATU
VIETNAM
YEMEN
ZIMBABWE
Save Location
Close