https://www.stevebonner.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Dull Stuff…..
…….but required by law.
Who we are
As you’ve probably guessed by now my names Steve Bonner and I’m an artist and other than WordPress stuff (which is described below) and Google analytics (when I get around to adding the code) there are no data collection elements to my website. Of course, if my blog suddenly becomes world famous (I crack myself up sometimes!) and suddenly I can earn more from my bog with adverts than I do from painting, this may change – in which case I’ll let you know. Frankly it will be a cold day in hell before this happens
The content below uses ‘we’ a lot. This isn’t the royal ‘we’ it’s me and WordPress, the platform this site is built on.
My website address is: https://www.stevebonner.com/ email address, phone numbers are all on the contact page on the above menu.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
The contact form on this site asks for your name and email. This is kept on my personal computer only as long as any dialogue continues after which it will be deleted. I may build an opt-in into the contact form so you can say if you wish to be notified when I publish a new blog, or when I have completed a new painting. If having opted in you want to opt-out drop me a line and I’ll delete you as a contact.
Your name and email address will NEVER be passed on to anyone, with the exception of civil authorities in the unlikely event they come knocking at my door.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
I’ll let you know when it’s installed and list Googles cookies.
Who we share your data with
Nobody!
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
How we protect your data
I keep my home secure to safeguard the physical, and password protected, computer your name and email address is stored on. I use Malawarebytes malware protection. Your data is not stored on the cloud or synced with any other device.
Shopping Cart
The shopping facilities on this site are provided by Pay Pal. When you click the ‘buy now’ button you are taken to Pay Pal’s secure site. Other than the buyer details which are sent to me to enable the transaction to take place I’m not privy to any other transaction information details. Those buyer details I do have are necessarily shared with the relevant shipping companies to facilitate the delivery. The data on my computer is deleted in the course of regular housekeeping.