http://www.idahogiftbaskets.net/pages/shipping-policy
Shipping Policy
style="width: 75%; padding-bottom:40px;margin: 40px 12% 40px 12%;border-bottom:1px solid #333;">
We ship via UPS and to the US only. Ground Standard Shipping will arrive in 2 to 6 business days after order is received (business days are Monday through Friday). We take the utmost care to ensure that each and every gift arrives in perfect condition. However, because some circumstances are beyond our control, if a shipped gift basket should arrive damaged, we will replace the basket at no additional expense to you.
ANY DAMAGE MUST BE REPORTED TO US WITHIN 48 HOURS OF RECEIPT. Failure to do so will result in credit/replacement refusal.
Your order will be shipped or delivered the following day of the order date, unless requested otherwise. Please send us an e-mail requesting another date you wish to have your order shipped. Order may take 3 days to process during holidays. Ordering early during busy times will insure your gift will arrive in time. Refunds are not available for late deliveries on items shipped.1
Your satisfaction is very important to us. Please let us know immediately if anything arrives in a damaged state or if you are not completely satisfied. We build our reputation on client satisfaction and superior customer service. Because of shipping circumstances that may be beyond our control, specific delivery dates on items shipped cannot be guaranteed. Refunds are not available for late deliveries on items shipped.
Shipping Options:
2-6 days, standard ground (free shipping promotions will be shipped standard ground)
3 days, 3rd day air (Example: Order Monday, we ship your order on Tuesday, three days in transit, your order will arrive on Friday)
2 days, 2nd day air (Example: Order on Monday, we ship your order on Tuesday, two days in transit, your order will arrive on Thursday)
1 day, next day air (Example: Order on Monday, we ship your order on Tuesday, one day in transit, your order will arrive on Wednesday)
Select shipping option in the "shipping information" section while checking out. Additional shipping options are available. We also ship to US P.O. boxes through the United States Postal Service. Shipments to the United States Military also available. Please call us at 208-484-0124 for additional shipping options.
We select each basket and container with great care, but occasionally a naturally occurring variance in the basket or container may be misconstrued as an "imperfection" when in fact it is simply due to the nature of the material. e.g. wood grain or fabrics. Slight general imperfections in the basket or container are not considered "damaged". A basket will be considered "damaged at our discretion. In addition, recycled buckets and containers may vary in age, size, and look. We can not guarantee the agedness of recycled containers.Beer & WineDue to federal and state regulations wine we can only ship to states that have a reciprocity agreement with the state of Idaho. (We can ship only to those states that also allow shipments to Idaho.)Below is a list of the current states that we can ship wine to.2
Alaska3
Arizona
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Louisiana
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Nebraska
Nevada
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
North Hampshire
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
South Carolina
Texas
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
1 Because of shipping circumstances beyond our control, specific delivery dates on items shipped cannot be guaranteed. Refunds are not available for late deliveries on items shipped.2 Last updated April 2018.3 Alaska deliveries are limited to the Anchorage, Juneau and Fairbanks areas only.
Home
Store
Account
Contact
More
info@idahogiftbaskets.net
Call: +1 208-484-0124
Corporate
Gift Boxes
Shop Collections
Shop Local
Shop Price
Less than $50
$50 - $100
$100 - $150
$150+
0
About Us
Contact Us
General Policies
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
We get it ... sometimes it can be hard to choose.
USD
USD
USD
ENG
ENG
FRE GER ITA RUS SPA
My Account
0
Sign In
Sign in below using your Creative Gift Baskets - IdahoGiftBaskets.net information.
My Account
0
Register
Create a new account. Once you‘ve set it up, you can take advantage of many benefits of membership.
My Account
0
Reset your password
We will send you an email to reset your password.
Submit
Cancel
OK
Shopping cart
0
View Cart
Checkout