https://www.angelsword.com/legal/
Skip to content
Ph:
(512) 847-9679
Privacy, Terms, and ConditionsLast updated: March 29, 2020Angelsword LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.angelsword.com website (the “Service”).This page informs you of our policies regarding privacy and the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection And UseWhile using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:NameEmail addressTelephone numberAddressLog DataWe collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.We use the Heateor Social Comments plugin to allow visitors to comment on certain posts using Disqus, Facebook, and/or Google+ third-party accounts.  The plugin uses cookies and is GDPR compliant and does not collect sensitive data.  For more information about what data is collected and how it may be used, please see the individual third-party data privacy policies:http://support.heateor.com/gdpr-and-our-plugins/https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/updatehttps://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policyhttps://policies.google.com/privacyWe use the Statcounter service which helps us to understand our visitors; for example, how visitors find our website, how long they spend on our site, which web pages they are most interested in etc. We use Statcounter because better understanding how visitors are interacting with our website helps us to improve the content, design, and functionality of our site. This allows us to offer a better online experience to our visitors.  Statcounter uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on visitors and visitor activity on our website. This data includes:Time and date of visit (this can help us to identify and plan for busy periods on our website)IP address (this is a numerical label assigned to a device by an Internet Service Provider to enable the device to access the internet)Browser and Operating System (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the browsers/operating systems used to access our site)Device Information e.g. device type and screen size (this can help us to make sure that our website functions correctly in the devices used to access our site)Referring Data e.g. a search engine link (this can help us to understand which search engines are helping visitors to find our website)Furthermore, when you visit our website a Statcounter cookie (called “is_unique”) may be placed in your browser. This cookie is used only to determine whether you are a first-time or returning visitor and to estimate unique visits to the site.You can learn more about cookies from Statcounter and set your browser to refuse at http://statcounter.com/about/set-refusal-cookie/.For further details, please see the Statcounter privacy policy at https://statcounter.com/about/legal/#privacy.Service ProvidersWe may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We use SSL encryption across our Service.Links To Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.Compliance With LawsWe will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.Changes To This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.Last updated: [wpautoterms last_updated_date]Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the [wpautoterms site_url] website (the “Service”) operated by [wpautoterms company_name] (“us”, “we”, or “our”).Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.Intellectual PropertyThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of [wpautoterms company_name] and its licensors.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by [wpautoterms company_name]. [wpautoterms company_name] has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that [wpautoterms company_name] shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.DisclaimerYour use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Product Inquiry
×
Name *
Email *
Phone
Subject
Message *
Send a copy of this email to myself.  The information entered here will be sent via email and is not stored on this website's database.  Read more in our Privacy Policy
I have read and agree to the website terms and conditions.  SEND
×