http://www.butlerschocolates.com/en/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Currently Delivering To
US You will be charged in Dollars US$
Change Delivery Country
ROW/IRE/EU You will be charged in Euro €
UK You will be charged in Pounds £
NZ/AU You will be charged in Dollars NZ$
PLEASE NOTE: If you already have items in your basket they will be transferred, but will be subject to local pricing and promotions. Some items may not be available for sale in your selected region and will be removed.
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the Butlers Chocolates website. The following are the terms and conditions for the use of and purchase of products from ButlersChocolates.com. Use of the Butlers Chocolates website and placing of an order constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms, which may at any time, be amended. Your use at any time thereafter constitutes your agreement to be bound by the terms as amended.VIEW OUR PRIVACY POLICY (opens in a new window) Placing an Order
Orders are processed on weekdays Mondays - Fridays only during standard business hours. We will make every possible effort to process your order as soon as possible. Please check our delivery page for delivery updates at seasonal times. We will do our very best to dispatch orders placed before 12.00pm (GMT) that same working day to our couriers, but cannot guarantee this, especially at seasonal times or during periods of disruption. Orders placed after 12 pm will be dispatched the next working day During busy periods, such as Christmas or Easter, bank holidays and public holidays, your order may be processed up to 72 hours after you place it. In order to help us deliver your package as quickly and efficiently as possible, please provide the recipient’s telephone number. We reserve the right to refuse orders for printed boxes and personalised ribbons where the wording requested may cause offence or is divisive, discriminatory or political in nature. If a product is out of stock or unavailable for your order, we will contact you by phone or email and product of equal or greater value will be substituted in its place. We will send your delivery by courier service, which is trackable.
Service We have a satisfaction guarantee behind every purchase and we want our customers to believe in our service as much as we do. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with any of our products purchased on www.butlerschocolates.com, simply return them to us within 7 days with an explanation for a prompt, courteous replacement, exchange or refund. Customers Ordering From Warm Climates
We take all necessary precautions with regards to high temperatures (in excess of 20 degrees Celsius) in order to provide our customers with the best possible service. Due to the high temperatures during the summer months, we kindly ask all customers to provide an address where your chocolates can be safely delivered by the courier on the first delivery attempt (e.g. work address). We cannot take responsibility for melted or stolen chocolates in situations where customers authorise couriers to leave parcels on a doorstep. We reserve the right to suspend slower economy delivery options during hot weather in favour of express options.
Tracking Your Order
You will receive an email when your package has been dispatched to our couriers. You can also track your order by logging on to your account if you are a registered member.
Delivering your order
We will deliver to the address as you enter it, so please be vigilant when entering delivery address details as we will not accept any liability for late or failed delivery if the quoted address, phone number and other details are incorrect. Courier deliveries are usually Monday to Friday.
Please note that refunds will not apply in the following circumstances             If the address provided is incorrect or incomplete.            If the delivery is left at the front door and not signed for at your request.            If delivery was delayed due to inclement weather or strikes.            In other extraordinary circumstances such as bad weather, customs clearance, customs inspection or any other customs regulation.
Please note we cannot accept delivery to PO Box addresses Recipient telephone numbers must be provided with each order. PayPal customers, please also remember to include phone numbers. Currently, there are limited companies who deliver to Australia, therefore delivery is restricted to courier service only. All prices include fuel surcharge, Butlerschocolates.com reserves the right to alter its shipping prices at any time in line with increases in fuel charges. This does not affect your statutory rights. If your delivery country is not listed, please contact us. If you require special delivery arrangements, please contact us. Recipients shall be liable for any taxes and or duties applicable upon delivery. During seasonal times, we may display cut off delivery times on the Butlers Chocolates website. Butlers Chocolates cannot accept responsibility for late delivery of orders placed after notified dates and times. Butlers Chocolates products are not offered on a sale or return basis as they are a fresh product. All goods are the property of Butlers Chocolates until all outstanding debts to Butlers Chocolates have been settled in full. Butlers Chocolates reserves the right to refuse to supply any individual or company and reserves the right to deny access to the www.butlerschocolates.com website.
Gift Message
We are happy to include a personal message with your delivery. Please type it at the order stage and we will reprint your special greeting on a Butlers gift card and include it with your gift. We cannot accept responsibility for errors/mistakes on the message inputted online.
Security
At Butlers Chocolates, online security is our priority. Our website operates on a secure server, which means that all confidential information is encrypted and protected to make butlerschocolates.com a safe and secure shopping environment. The Butlers Chocolates website and its contents together with any trade names used by Butlers Chocolates are protected by intellectual property rights and may not be used without written permission. Butlers Chocolates does not accept any responsibility for any external sites linked or connected to the Butlers Chocolates website and services contained therein.  May 2018
General Competition Terms & Conditions
Butlers Chocolates decision in relation to the selection of prize winner(s) is final. No correspondence will be entered into regarding this decision. In the event of any dispute regarding the rules, conduct or the results of a competition the final decision will lie with Butlers Chocolates. Staff and their immediate families are not eligible to enter any competitions.   Prizes are non-transferable and will only be awarded to the winner chosen and no cash alternative will be awarded instead of the stated prize(s). Butlers Chocolates reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal value. We will endeavour to deliver or make prizes available within 28 days. All taxes, insurance, fees and surcharges on any prize are the sole responsibility of the winner, unless stated otherwise. Where a prize is provided by a third party, Butlers Chocolates will accept no responsibility for the supply, non-supply or delay in supply of the prize. If the competition or event is cancelled, there will not be a refund of the prize value. Butlers Chocolates reserves the right to change prize details without notice or terminate, change, suspend or cancel any competition without notice. All prizes are subject to availability. By entering the competition or promotion, the entrants agree to participate in any printed, online or social publicity as reasonably requested surrounding the promotion or competition. All competition entries must be received before the closing date. Neither Butlers Chocolates nor any affiliated companies are responsible for any printing, typing errors relating to any competition including incomplete, lost, altered, late, misdirected entries, or those processed late or incorrectly processed due to any technical or computer function. Butlers Chocolates reserves the right to disqualify any entrant for any reason in its sole discretion. Butlers Chocolates do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for any death, injury or other damage, loss, expense or liability arising as a result of taking a prize. Butlers Chocolates do not accept any responsibility for any claim arising in connection with any competition or prizes. Prizes not claimed within a time limit will be considered forfeited. Any person found to be in disregard of these rules will be disqualified automatically. Participation in any Butlers Chocolates competition or promotion denotes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Our Collection
Chocolate Boxes Chocolate Bars Sharing Packs
CHOCOLATE GIFTS
Boxed Chocolates Birthdays Say "Thank You"
Chocolate Experience
Introducing Book Now Parties School Tours Reviews
CHOCOLATE CAFÉS
Welcome Gallery Find a Café Franchising Work with Us
HAPPINESS CARD
Become a Member Register Your Card
ABOUT US
History Sustainability Corporate Gifts Trade Customers Track an Order Delivery & Returns Contact Us
Butlers Chocolates UC, Clonshaugh Business Park, Dublin 17, Ireland. D17 A076 By phone outside of Ireland call 00 353 1 671 0599 (From US call 011 353 1 671 0599) or email chocolate@butlers.ie © Butlers Chocolates UC
Privacy policy Terms & Conditions
SITEMAP
Follow us @butlerschocolate @butlerschocolate /butlerschocolate
×close×Size Chart
close×Privacy Policyclose