http://www.stickyj.com/information/privacy-policy
Login
(866) 497-6265
FAQ
Wholesale
Medical Bracelets
Necklaces
ID Tags
Accessories
New
Sale
Toggle navigation
Cart
LogIn
Home(current)
Bracelets
Necklaces
ID Tags
Accessories
New
Sale
SAVE 15% on your first order Click Here
Sticky Jewelry Privacy Policy
Sticky Jewelry has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
General Principles
Any information we gather on this web site is strictly for our use and is not shared with any other entity, public or private, for any reason - period. We will not sell or give away any lists or other data that we may retain and we do not purchase such information from other sources.
Statistics and Tracking Data
Our servers (as most) track IP addresses and referring pages to help with site maintenance and improvements. This data is viewed as anonymous statistics to show the busiest times of the day or week, pages with errors and how effective our advertising has been. This information is not used for any other purpose.
Personal Information Collected - Order Forms
With the exception of credit card info, we store the information from your order form to allow us to resolve customer service issues following order shipment or refer to a previous order to help provide some superior customer service. You may elect to have your information completely removed from this system by e-mailing customer service with your request.
Information Correction or Removal
If you wish to correct, update or remove any information about you that may be in our records, please e-mail customer service with the details of your request. If you wish to contact us further, please find complete contact information on our contact us page.
Stay Connected
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQ & Shipping Info
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Special Promotions
Information
What to Engrave?
Measure my Wrist
Wholesale Purchases
Customer Reviews
Engraving Info
Video Transcripts
About Us
Check out
Our Blog
Best of Engraved Medical Jewelry
Testimonials
Copyright © 2020 Rights Reserved.