https://www.tuibalmes.co.nz/terms
skip to Main Content
Log in
Register
Terms of Trade and Privacy Policy
Ordering & Delivery
Who can buy?
Purchasing from this website is restricted to wholesale and trade orders i.e. existing account holders, retail outlets and health professionals (such as massage therapists, physiotherapists, etc.).
Private Buyers
Individuals not qualifying for wholesale or trade purchasing can still buy online from anywhere in the world via our recommended online retail partners’ websites.
In New Zealand, you can also visit one of our over 500 retail outlets.
Prices
Prices displayed on this website are wholesale prices available to registered customers only. A minimum order value applies.
Freight and insurance costs are included in all prices. GST is included in prices for orders within NZ. International orders will be charged in A$ or US$ exclusive of GST.
Paying For Your Order
Customers within NZ must pay their first order via credit card. Subsequent orders can be paid by credit card or (preferably) paid by direct credit on invoice by 20th of the following month by cheque or direct credit.
All customers outside of NZ must pay using our secure credit card facility.
Delivery
All parcels are dispatched the first working day following receipt of order. Indicative delivery times are displayed on the home and checkout pages, once you have chosen your country.
If your parcel does not arrive within the expected delivery time, please inform us immediately so that we may follow up its progress.
Upon receipt of your parcel, please inform us immediately if there is anything incorrect and we will do our best to rectify this straight away.
First Time Orders
To help you get to know our range, we offer 2 free testers with your first order. Please specify which products you’d like to try in the “Comments” section of the online ordering process.
Refunds Policy
If you are not fully satisfied with any of our products, contact us within 60 days of purchase, and we will replace them or if you prefer, refund you in full. In the latter case, we will pay for the cost of returning the goods to us once the method of transport has been agreed.
UK & Europe
If you are from Europe or the UK, please visit the website of our European distributor Songbird Naturals to make enquiries or place an order.
Disclaimer
While we make every effort of adhere to the regulatory requirements of overseas countries, we do not accept liability for problems which might occur in regard to delivery, local laws and customs.
Privacy Policy
The Short Version
We value your privacy and make it a priority to safeguard your personal information.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for commercial gain or any other reason.  We will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties, other than for the specific purposes outlined below.
We understand that making purchases online involves a great deal of trust on your part; we take this trust very seriously, and make it our priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide us. Any information you give to Tui Balms will be held with care.
Payments: Our online credit card facility is encrypted. We use a secure server payment facility that ensures credit card transactions are safe while payment is authorised. No credit card details are retained or transmitted beyond the secure payment site.
A more detailed explanation of how we safeguard your personal information is found below.  This should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Trade above.
If you’ve any questions or concerns, please let us know. We’re always happy to help.
The Long Version
Introduction
www.tuibalms.co.nz (“this website”) is operated by the Tui Bee Balme Co-operative (“we”, “us”, “our”), a New Zealand registered company.
We respect the privacy of our website users (“you”, “your”) and are committed to protecting your security and privacy.
Terms of Use
This privacy policy must be read in conjunction with our ‘Terms of Trade’ above.
Collection of Your Information
We collect information about you through our website in an effort to improve your shopping experience, as well as communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for commercial gain or any other reason.
Generally, we will never give, lease, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties except to comply with law; facilitate court proceedings; enforce our Terms & Conditions; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Tui Balms, our users, or others. We may however share or store your email address and other basic information with our third party business partners including marketing, advertising and research companies and data analysis companies.  We do this in order to conduct sales, marketing and advertising research and analysis on our behalf so that we can: better understand your preferences; improve the services we offer you; present you with suitable offers that you might be interested in. We will only do this with reputable organisations who are acting directly on our behalf to improve the services we offer you, and not for any other purpose (and certainly not to promote their own products and services directly to you). We also need to store your personal information within the hardware and software systems of reputable third parties in order to facilitate and improve the services which we offer. The privacy and data security policies and standards of the third party organisations we engage for these purposes will be subject to review by Tui Balms, and required to meet high standards of care and responsibility.
We may be obliged to release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; facilitate court proceedings; enforce or apply our terms and conditions; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Tui Balms, our users, or others.  To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of a legal process.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Types of Information Collected
We may collect personal information from you (including, without limitation, your name, email address, phone number, address and purchase history) when you visit our website, register with our website, place an online order, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a promotion. This information is used to correspond with you, deliver products to you or fulfill any other aspect of our service, and communicate with you about our products and services, including marketing and promotional material.
We also receive and collect anonymous information such as the IP (internet protocol) address from which you access the internet; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site; and any search engine or inbound hyperlink used to reach this website which is made available to us. This anonymous information is used only for statistical purposes and in regards to how we may enhance the customer experience.
Access to Your Information
You have the right to access personal information about you and request corrections or updates to be made, provided we hold such information in a way that it can be readily accessed and amended.
Email Communication
Use of our website requires you to accept certain email communications from us, some of which you are required to receive in order for us to be able to fulfil our service, e.g. we send an ‘order confirmation’ email confirming that your order has been successfully placed.  We also send marketing and promotional emails from time to time, but these are optional and you will always be provided with a link to ‘Unsubscribe’ from any such emails.
Cookies
Our website uses “cookies,” which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our website and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. Cookies may be used to personalise your visits to this website, eliminate the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information, enable us to improve the content, reliability and functionality of this website, evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising on this website and track website usage patterns. We also use cookies for advertising purposes.
We use three types of cookies:
Session cookies are specific to your visit on our site and carry information about actions performed during the visit, e.g. products added to the cart. They eliminate the need to enter the same information repeatedly during your visit.  Session cookies expire when you leave the site or close your browser.
Persistent cookies remember information about your preferences, e.g. your preferred currency and help us recognise you each time you visit to make your shopping experience more seamless. Persistent cookies expire after a certain period of time or when you clear cookies in your browser.
Third-party cookies are cookies supplied by our partners and are used for analytical and advertising purposes. While these cookies are completely anonymous in that they don’t provide us or any third party with any personally identifiable information about you (e.g. your name or address), it does track certain things like how long you spent on our site, and which pages you did or didn’t visit.
Accepting a cookie will not give us access to any data on your computer other than the data stored in the cookie. Although you may configure your web browser to not accept cookies, you may experience a loss of functionality as a result. If you wish to clear your cookies, follow instructions for the browser you’re using: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Explorer.
How we use Your Information
We may use your collected information in the following ways:
To process and fulfil your order, including sending emails to confirm your order status and shipment, along with customary business communications.
To verify your identity and to assist you if you have forgotten your username or password
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail or other means about our products, services and promotions, where you agree to receive such information.
To help us learn more about your shopping preferences and personalise our offer to you in accordance with your preferences.
To analyze trends and statistics.
To improve or update this website and our products / services.
To protect the security or integrity of our website and our business.
To respond to your enquiries and communicate with you if necessary.
You always have the choice not to receive marketing and promotional information. It is our policy to remove any customer from mailing list and make them inactive in our database upon the customer’s request. Please contact us if you wish to opt out of receiving marketing communications from Tui Balms.
Business Continuity
In the event that Tui Balms’ business is acquired or merged or in the unlikely event Tui Balms goes out of business, or enters into liquidation or receivership, you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Tui Balms may continue to use the information collected by Tui Balms.
Website and Credit Card Security
We take website and credit card security extremely seriously.
Tui Balms endeavors to provide a safe and secure platform on which to conduct online transactions. No credit card details are retained or transmitted beyond the secure payment site.
www.tuibalms.co.nz uses the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts your personal information as it is transmitted over the internet. This encryption scrambles details such as your password and address so that generally, other computers are unable to decipher the information, ensuring privacy and security. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, check for a closed padlock symbol in your browser window.  In the latest versions of the Chrome and Firefox browsers, this appears before the URL itself in the browser address bar, in Internet Explorer it’s shown to the right of the address. If this appears, then SSL is active. You can double check this by looking at the URL as well. If SSL is active, then the first characters of that line will read ‘https’ rather than just ‘http’. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Please ensure you sign out when you have finished visiting www.tuibalms.co.nz, especially if you access our website from a shared computer.
We use Stripe to process all credit card payments. For more info, please refer to their privacy policy.
Linking to Third-Party Websites
When you click on links and banners on our site that take you to third party web sites, you will be subject to the third party’s privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Tui Balms cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party web sites.
Product Reviews
We reserve the right to use all product reviews we receive in our marketing and promotional material, both on and offline, identifying reviewers by their chosen Display Name only. If you don’t want us to use your review, please let us know.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the revised privacy policy on our website. We encourage you to check this policy regularly for any modifications or updates. Your continued use of our services after any changes have been posted on our website indicates your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or any other matter, or if you believe that Tui Balms has not adhered to this privacy policy, please contact us.  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Copyright © 2020 Tui Balms Ltd | Website by SunRoom Web Design Studio
Back To Top×