http://www.upscaleaudio.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Search
Shop
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Vacuum Tubes
Amplifiers
Loudspeakers
Analog
Digital
New Specials
Used Specials
Headphone
Cables
Accessories
Brands
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Anthem
Arcam
Audio-Technica
AudioQuest
AURALiC
Aurender
Balanced Audio Technology
Bluesound
Bowers & Wilkins
Campfire Audio
Chord
Clearaudio
Dr. Feickert Analogue
Dynavector
EAT
ELAC
Feliks Audio
Focal
GoldenEar
Grado
Hana
IntegrityHiFi
IsoAcoustics
IsoTek
JBL
JL Audio
Kirmuss Audio
Kiseki
Klipsch
Koetsu
Kuzma
Lumin
Lyra
Manley Laboratories
Marantz
Mark Levinson
MoFi Electronics
Monitor Audio
Musical Fidelity
Music Hall
Mystere
Mytek
NAD
Naim Audio
Nordost
Ortofon
Pangea Audio
Pathos
Perfect Vue
Polk Audio
PrimaLuna
Pro-Ject
PS Audio
Rega
REL Acoustics
Revel
Roon
Rotel
Salamander
Sbooster
Solidsteel
Solid Tech
Soundsmith
SPL
Sumiko
Sutherland
Tannoy
Vincent
VPI
Wharfedale
Zesto Audio
Search
FAQ
Guides
Contact
Financing
Account
Home
›
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
*We reserve the right to cancel and refund any order.
The terms, policies, and conditions (collectively known as "Conditions") described below govern the use of this site (referred to as "Upscale Audio" or "site"). Your use and/or placement of any order indicate your acceptance of these Conditions. Upscale Audio Inc. of California.
First-Time Customers
If you are shopping Upscale Audio for the first time we request that your Shipping Address match your Billing Address. If that is not possible please use your preferred Shipping Address and an Upscale representative will contact you for additional identity verification.
Signature Requirement
All orders over $500 require a signature at delivery.
Free Shipping
Orders over $99 qualify for FREE GROUND SHIPPING*!
*Ground shipping to the 48 contiguous states only, except new, current production PrimaLuna brand products, which also includes free air shipping to Canada, Alaska, and Hawaii. The shipping method used is at the discretion of Upscale Audio, regardless of shipping method selected at checkout.
Free shipping offer cannot be applied to previous orders.
Fulfillment
Orders are filled as soon as possible while maintaining quality. Upscale Audio attempts to have all products in stock, and if they are not in stock you will be notified. Orders are not shipped on Saturday or Sunday.Upscale Audio chooses the carrier and method for any order with free shipping. Should you choose a paid shipping method, that will be the method by which Upscale Audio ships your order. Your shipping method choice represents the shipping method only and has no correlation to when Upscale Audio ships your order. Neither Upscale Audio nor our shipping providers guarantee any delivery date or shipping duration, regardless of shipping method chosen.We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit time offered to you by Upscale Audio or other parties only as an estimate. Shipping companies do not include weekends in their delivery estimates. None of the shipping options provided on this website guarantee delivery on Saturday or Sunday. It is your responsibility to provide us with an accurate mailing address and telephone number. Shipping companies charge $10 for each incomplete or incorrect address entry and you will be subsequently charged for any fees incurred if the address and/or telephone number you provide is incorrect.
Out-of-Stock ProductsIn the unlikely event that your product is not in stock, we will ship your product as it becomes available. However, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock, or in need of testing, which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipping. Once your order has shipped, it is subject to our refund policy.
Shipping Charges, Customs & Duty on Foreign OrdersInternational shipping rates are determined by weight, box size, destination, and value. If you do not approve the shipping charge, then you have the option to not proceed with the order. If you are ordering an item that will be shipped outside of the U.S. you must understand one thing: You will be charged customs, duty, and brokerage fees. These fees are assessed by your country's government and the shipping agent. You are not paying these fees to Upscale Audio. It is a federal offense to falsify customs documents, and Upscale Audio will not falsify any documents or receipts under any circumstances.It is solely the responsibility of the customer to immediately pay all duties, taxes and customs fees assessed by your country's government and the shipping agent you have chosen. Upscale Audio has no input, opinion, or any information regarding the amount these fees may add up to. It is your responsibility as the buyer to determine this information prior to making your purchase.If the customer's duty & customs fees are charged back to Upscale Audio, it will result in an additional charge to the customer's credit card or Paypal account of a sum equal to all international customs fees assessed for the order, plus a handling fee of $100.In the event of a warranty claim, overseas buyers will be responsible for the ship charges associated with the warranty replacement shipment.
PrivacyWe keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders only. All information is kept private.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.
We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
Privacy on Other Web SitesOther sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Upscale Audio is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Order Acceptance PolicyYour receipt of an electronic or another form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Upscale Audio reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Minimum order is $50. There will be a $10 handling charge added to any domestic order that does not meet this minimum. For orders outside of the U.S. and Canada, minimum orders are $150. International orders may be rejected for credit card payment and a request sent to the customer for wired funds at our discretion OR may be rejected in full for any reason.
Credit CardsWe accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Upscale Audio. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon shipment of your order.
Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, & Personal ChecksUpscale Audio accepts money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars only. Orders are typically processed upon receipt of a money order or cashier’s check but may be held for clearance at our discretion. For personal and company checks, please allow up to 10 business days after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is processed. We will charge a $25 fee for all returned checks.
PaypalUpscale Audio now accepts Paypal for all domestic and international orders. There is no surcharge for using Paypal to make purchases with Upscale Audio. In order to protect our customers, all of Paypal's rules and conditions shall be strictly adhered to by Upscale Audio. Orders will only be shipped to the address provided by the customer to Paypal. Customers using unconfirmed shipping addresses may require further verification before the order is completed. Orders over $250 will be shipped with a signature required for delivery.
TaxesUpscale Audio charges sales tax for all orders to be delivered to addresses within California. For orders shipped to other states or countries, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes, if any.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error, or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Upscale Audio shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Upscale Audio shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Upscale Audio shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
LinksThis site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Upscale Audio is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Copyright and Trademark NoticeThis site is owned and operated by Upscale Audio. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Upscale Audio, Copyright © 2010, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Upscale Audio’s prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Other ConditionsThese Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Upscale Audio signs them or not. Upscale Audio reserves the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.
Satisfaction Guarantee / Return Policy
If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason you may return your item to us within 60 days of receipt for a complete refund. Shipping fees paid, if any, are not refundable under any circumstance.
Special order items are non-returnable. Turntables and phono cartridges are non-returnable unless defective, and then for exchange only. In the case of phono cartridges, your cartridge must be returned and deemed defective by the manufacturer before it will be exchanged.
Upon the second return request in a 60-day period, Upscale reserves the right to refund your transaction to store credit only.
Serial return policy abusers will be notified of return policy exceptions for them and for all future purchases they make.
Trades are negotiated transactions; returns or exchanges are approved on a case by case basis.
Upscale double-boxes or triple-boxes most all shipments. If you return any product without a generic outer box you will be subject 5% repackaging fee.
Vacuum tubes are electronic parts and are not refundable under any circumstances. This is to protect you, our customer. We are known for the quality of our inventory, and that means we don’t send you tubes that have been out of our possession and possibly used improperly.
All sales on used equipment are final. No refunds or exchanges. No exceptions. All used equipment, with the exception of disc players, is covered by the Upscale Certified Pre-Owned 90-Day Warranty unless otherwise noted in the product description. Should your item develop a problem within the warranty period, Upscale will pay for the repair or refund the purchase price, at Upscale's discretion. Disc players are not covered under the warranty. If your disc player is defective, it is your responsibility to report the issue within 48 hours of receipt. Upscale will pay for the repair or refund the purchase price. Shipping is not refundable under any circumstances.
Additional conditions and exceptions are noted below.
Return Acceptance Policy
Returns are not accepted without authorization from Upscale Audio.
Equipment must be returned as new, in the same packaging received. A second box must be put around the factory boxes.
All items are inspected upon receipt. The customer may be liable for any items that are returned damaged or missing parts. Items such as remotes and power cords can shift around in shipping and may damage the equipment. Make sure these items are packed securely.
Refused & Undeliverable Shipments
If the shipping company is unable to deliver or if the customer refuses to accept their shipment, the order will be refunded minus the original shipping charge and return shipping charge when received at Upscale Audio.
Warranty (Vacuum Tubes)
Vacuum tubes are warrantied for 90 days from the date of shipment, against defects, except in cases of abuse, and replaced with like-item only.
A tube returned for warranty replacement must have a return authorization number from Upscale Audio. This RA number must be written on the outside of the box. Please also include a note in the box that has your name and telephone number, and please explain the issues with the tube. If this information is missing it will delay the shipment of your replacement tube.
Returned tubes must be shipped in sufficient packaging to protect them from damage. Tubes shipped in inadequate packaging will have a voided warranty and will be refused at the customer's expense.
Warranty replacements are not sent in advance. Suspected defective tubes must be returned to Upscale Audio at the customer’s expense. Once we have inspected and verified a tube is defective a replacement is shipped free of charge.
If an expedited replacement is needed it must be paid for in advance (ground shipping is free). When the returned tube has been inspected and verified defective a refund will be processed.
Exceptions to our vacuum tube warranty policy are as follows:
Upscale Audio reserves the right to refuse warranty at our discretion based on the equipment being retubed. You will be notified of any change prior to your order being processed unless the exception is specified below.
Vacuum tubes purchased for use in guitar amps or other pro audio and recording equipment have no warranty. No exceptions.
Upscale Audio is not liable for any damage or injury caused by the improper use of its tubes or the use of an incorrect/incompatible tube type. If you are unsure of what tube or tubes your equipment uses, consult the manufacturer before making a purchase. Using an incompatible tube type may cause severe damage to your equipment and will void your tube's warranty.
Vacuum tubes are electronic parts and are not refundable under any circumstances.
Warranty (other products)
New, Demo, Open, and Showpiece equipment carries the full manufacturer's warranty unless otherwise specified. Used equipment has no warranty.
Warranty replacements are sent via ground shipping regardless of the shipping method originally selected at time of purchase.
New Equipment
If you find any item on our website available for a lower price elsewhere, contact us. We will meet or beat any verifiable price from an authorized dealer.*
*Tube prices are non-negotiable. Period.
Used Equipment
We accept offers on our inventory of used equipment that does not have a posted price. (Don't low-ball us. We won't respond.) We do not accept offers on used equipment that has a posted price; these items are priced according to market value and will sell.
Package Deals & Trades
We create package deals for our customers that cannot be beat. And, we take trade-ins! Contact us for expert consultation when making any upgrades to your system.Whoa, partner! Looks like you are outside of North America!
Apologies, as we do not sell vacuum tubes internationally. We have limited stocks of vintage tubes and use them to attract equipment sales. So we sell only to customers with a matching billing and shipping address who reside in the USA, Canada, or Mexico. We do not ship to freight forwarding companies or your friend or cousin, even if they are in the USA. There are no exceptions, so please don't ask. We won't respond. Sorry for that.
If you are interested in equipment (not tubes) and are outside of North America, we may sell to you at our discretion. Contact us and let us know what you want as we do not process international orders online. Wire transfer is the only accepted payment method for international orders.
Good luck in your HiFi adventures!