https://www.preciousaccents.com/policies.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Shop by Brand
PANDORA
Rembrandt
1928
Angelique de Paris
Ania Haie
Carolee
Chan Luu
Chrysalis
Crislu
Dogeared
Endless
Fossil
Hello Kitty
Honora
Hot Diamonds
Jonathan Adler
Judith Jack
Kameleon
Kendra Scott
Lafonn
Lauren G Adams
Links of London
Majorica
MantraBand
Nomination
Pilgrim
Quality Gold
Skagen
Stia
Swarovski
The Giving Keys
Thomas Sabo
Uno de 50
Waxing Poetic
Wind and Fire
Shop by Style
Charms
Bracelets
Charm Bracelets
Bangles
Rings
Earrings
Necklaces
Name Necklaces
Pendants
Chains
Watches
More...
New Arrivals
Pandora Jewelry
Rembrandt Charms
Gift Certificates
Sale
Privacy/Guarantee
Guarantee
For your shopping convenience, we offer a 30-DAY MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE on our non-customized merchandise. The item(s) must be unused, unaltered and returned with the original gift packaging.
Privacy
A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) must be obtained from Customer Service via phone or email up to 30 days from the confirmed delivery date. Returns cannot be accepted without such authorization.
Credits are issued within 30 days of receipt of the returned item(s).
While we do refund the full amount for the item(s) ordered, original shipping fees are not refundable.
Custom (e.g. charm converted to post earring) or engraved items are not returnable.
Precious Accents does not make any collected information available to other organizations for commercial purposes or any other purposes. However, We may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent as required by law or court order, to cooperate with Government authorities in a criminal investigation.
Precious Accents collects personal information online ONLY when:
You make online purchases
You submit questions or comments to us
You request information or materials
The type of information collected may include name, address, billing and delivery information, e-mail address and credit card information. Precious Accents may send you e-mail about your orders or your account and in response to your questions. Precious Accents may also send you e-mail with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you indicate you do not want to receive them in the future. We will give you an opportunity to let us know your preference regarding the receiving of promotional e-mail when you register for a service, when you provide us with your personal information, or when we send you e-mail.
If you choose not to accept this promotional e-mail, you may not receive special offers that may be of value to you. This option applies to promotional e-mail only, as we may find it necessary to send you e-mail relating to your account or order.
All promotional e-mail that you receive from Precious Accents will tell you how to decline receiving future promotional e-mail.
If you supply your email address without placing an order, we may communicate regularly to you in order to offer you the opportunity to purchase from us and to survey or get feedback requests to help improve our services. You will have a mechanism to unsubscribe when you wish to stop receiving emails.
Protecting Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place certain physical, electronic, managerial and security procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, such as using Secure Socket Layer (SSL), and we continually assess new technology for protecting information.
However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet.
Legal Notice
Our site, PreciousAccents.com, has been created to be easily accessible to all users of legal age, but it also has limitations and risks that you must be aware of before participating.
Terms of Participation
Buying and selling through Precious Accents is available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. This excludes in all cases minors (persons who have not reached their eighteenth birthday).
Precious Accents reserves the right to modify the Terms of Participation at any time and without prior notice to its Users. We may add to, change, delete or end our or Your use of our service at any time. The service may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons.
If Precious Accents, in its sole discretion, determines that a violation of the Terms of Participation has occurred, Precious Accents may pursue any of its legal remedies, including cancellation of Your order and /or the exclusion of any person(s) who may have violated any Terms of Participation. Precious Accents could also pursue violators with claims that they have violated various criminal and/or civil laws as applied by the relevant jurisdiction. Precious Accents will cooperate with any investigation by any Federal, State, or local body or any court or tribunal legitimately exercising it's rights.
User understands and agrees that User is responsible for all applicable taxes (IF ANY) and for all costs (IF ANY) that are incurred in using the Precious Accents Site. We may also, in our sole discretion, add or delete fees associated with the Service. If any charge is applicable, we will notify our Users in advance. If you have any questions or concerns about Precious Accents' Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us. Precious Accents may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at 7 East Palisade Ave. Englewood, NJ 07631 or via telephone at 201-567-6001 or via email at service@preciousaccents.com. Cookie Policy
BY CONTINUING TO USE OUR SITE AND SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES FOR THE PURPOSES WE DESCRIBE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers.
Most websites you visit use cookies to improve your user experience by allowing the website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’).
What do cookies do?
Cookies have lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences and improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site, for example, even after you “log in,” if you move to another page it won’t recognize you and it won’t be able to keep you logged in.
How does Precious Accents use cookies?
Precious Accents uses different types of cookies to enhance and improve your experience. Precious Accents uses cookies for:
Security: We use cookies to enable and support our security features, for example: to authenticate Members, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect Member data from unauthorized parties.
Preferences: When you are signed in to your account, cookies help us display the correct information and personalize your experience, by providing you with features, insights, and customized content. They can also help you fill out forms more easily, e.g., RFI forms. Loss of the information stored in a preference cookie may make the Site experience less functional but should not prevent it from working.
Session State: We collect information about how our Users and Members use and interact with the Site. This may include the pages Members visit most often and when and where Members get error messages. We use these “session state cookies” to help us improve our Site and Services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not prevent the Site from working.
Analytics: These cookies help us learn how our Site performs in different locations. We use cookies to understand and improve our Services and features.
Remarketing: We use remarketing and/or similar audiences to advertise online using cookies to track users and share data with third parties for advertising and marketing purposes. Third-party vendors, including Google, Facebook, Bing, Yahoo and AddShoppers, use cookies to serve ads across the internet based on someone's past visits to our website (remarketing) or similarity to these audiences (similar audiences). Visitors can opt out of use of cookies below.
What third-party cookies does Precious Accents use?
Trusted advertising partners like Google, Facebook, Bing, Yahoo and AddShoppers and analytics partners like Google Analytics may also place cookies on your device. Please read our partners' privacy policies (linked below) to ensure that you're comfortable with how they use cookies.
We've also provided links to opt out of their services if you'd like.
Google Ads/Analytics Privacy Policy
Google Ads Opt-Out
Google Analytics Opt-Out
Facebook Privacy Policy
Facebook Ads Opt-Out
Bing Privacy Policy
Bing Ads Opt-Out
Yahoo Privacy Policy
Yahoo Opt-Out
AddShoppers Privacy Policy / Opt-Out
What should you do if you don’t want cookies to be set?
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device to be intrusive, particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party without them knowing. Although cookies are generally quite harmless, you may not, for example, want to see advertising that has been targeted to your interests using your browser history. If you prefer, you may choose to block some or all cookies, or even to delete cookies that have already been set; but you should be aware that you might lose some functions of the website.
If you want to restrict or block the cookies that are set by our Site, or any other site, you can do so through your browser setting. The ‘Help’ function in your browser should explain how. Alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will find general information about cookies and details on how to delete cookies from your machine.
To opt-out of third-parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on our Site, please refer to their websites for further information.
Join Our Newsletter
Receive the latest news on new promotions, exclusive offers, and new arrivals.
Copyright © 2020 Precious Accents, Ltd..