https://www.legendaryautointeriors.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
(800) 363-8804 info@legendaryautointeriors.com
HOLIDAY SALE
Details
Sign In / Create Account
View Cart (0)
Wish List
Search for:
Menu
HomeBlogNew ProductsClearance ItemsCustom Design Center
About
HistoryServicesWarrantyResto ModCompany PoliciesEvents CalendarClunker Bill
Support
FAQInstallation GuidesInstallation VideosVIN DecodingClassic Car Body Types
Contact
Product InformationSamplesCatalogsBecome a DealerGift CardsCareers
NEW....FLEXTREAD FLOORMATS!!Shop Now
(800) 363-8804info@legendaryautointeriors.com
Shop
Samples
Custom Design Center
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.legendaryautointeriors.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (800) 363-8804 or email at info@legendaryautointeriors.com.
Recent Articles
How to Restore and Sell Your Classic Car for a Profit
Have you ever wondered if you could restore and sell a classic car for a profit? Turn your classic car hobby into a lucrative side hustle by following these recommendations for success.  Select the Right Classic Car Project First, you…
Read
Six Winter Projects for Your Classic Car
Cooler months usually mean downtime for your classic vehicle.  You’ve prepared your car for fall and winter storage, and probably won’t see much of it until next spring, right? Not so fast. Now is a great time to take on…
Read
How to Choose Car Floor Mats and Keep them Clean
As a classic car owner, you need to know how to choose car floor mats and keep them clean. Car floor mats may not be the first thing you think about when it comes to your classic car’s interior. Still,…
Read
HOLIDAY SALE
Save up to 25%
Details
FLEXTREAD
Floormats!!
Shop Now
Videos
Learn from our experts
See All Videos
Clearance
Items
See Them Now
Contact Us
121 West Shore Blvd.Newark, NY 14513 Toll-free: (800) 363-8804 Local: (315) 331-1212 Fax: (800) 732-8874
Hours: Mon - Fri 8am - 6pm EST
Customer Care
Support
Product Information
Samples
Get a Catalog
Installation Guides
Installation Videos
VIN Decoding
Legendary Products
All Products
New Products
Popular Products
Clearance Items
Join over 19,000 other car fanatics that receive our latest news
Mailing List Signup
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Name
*
Email
*
Submit
© 2020 Legendary Auto Interiors. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Designed and developed by
Create a new list