http://www.safariland.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy policy
Safariland, LLC (the "Company", "us", "we" or "our") is committed to respecting your privacy. This Website Notice of Privacy Practices ("Privacy Policy") provides you with information about our practices and procedures with respect to personal information, including details of the personal information we collect, how it is used and disclosed, as well as choices you can make, and the rights you can exercise, in relation to your personal information.
By accessing the website or providing us with personal information, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the revised Privacy Policy on this website and update the "Last Updated" date below to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the website or providing the Company with your personal information after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. If necessary, we will provide additional notice regarding any changes to this Privacy Policy as may be required by law. Your access to our website for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Policy does not constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy unless you make any further access or use of our website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE AT THIS WEBSITE
We collect personal information, as necessary, to provide our products or services, fulfill our legitimate business interests and/or comply with applicable laws and regulations.
The types of personal information we collect may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Registration Information. When you register on the website, we may collect your name, login credentials, title, company or organization name, e-mail address(es), phone number(s), fax number(s), work and/or home address(es), birthdate, gender, information about your job function, and general information about your company or organization.
Transaction Information. In order to process and keep records of your transactions, we collect your name, shipping and billing information, credit card information or other preferred payment means, and history of purchases.
Identity Verification. In certain transactions, we may also ask for government-issued ID or other credentials. We may need to verify your identity before searching for or providing you with personal information.
Customer Service Information. If you reach out to us with a question, comment or concern, we collect your name and contact information and any other information you choose to provide.
Online forums and surveys: From time to time we may ask our customers to participate in customer satisfaction or engagement surveys. We may also provide opportunities for customers to participate in online forums. If you choose to participate, we collect any information you share when participating in the survey or forum.
Information Collected Using Online Data Collection Tools. We use online data collection tools like cookies, web beacons and pixels to collect information about your digital activity online. For more information see the Cookies section below.
Emails. We use customized links or similar technologies in our email messages to track whether you open an email and the email links that you click. We may associate that information with your personal information in order to provide you more focused email communications or product information. Each email communication includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We may process your personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including when we have assessed it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or our third party to whom it may be necessary to disclose information.
Personal information is used to:
Provide the services or carry out the sales transaction(s) for the purchase(s) that you have made or authorized. This includes, but is not limited to, processing payments, providing customer support, managing and implementing orders, delivering products, providing services, and keeping records of your transactions.
Provide customer service, including responding to your questions, comments and concerns.
Carry out sales and marketing activities including sending you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, including products and services from our third party partners, creating and delivering targeted advertisements and offers, conducting marketing campaigns, managing contacts and preferences, generating leads and opportunities, organizing and managing events, and engaging in social media interactions.
Provide you with important information about the products or services that you are using, including critical updates and notifications.
Improve our website and our products and services, including making our website easier to use, providing content that is of most interest to our visitors, solving technical problems, and improving our products, services and content based on customer feedback and comments.
Calculate overall website usage statistics and conducting market research and analysis.
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
We may use personal information for other purposes with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We hire or use other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as website hosting, packaging, shipping, professional services, marketing and sales communications and other services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. The third parties are required to protect the personal information and to only use the personal information to perform the services for us.
We may also disclose personal information to our affiliates as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees or agents, users of our products or services, or members of the public. We will comply with lawful requests for access to personal information from law enforcement authorities.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership, such as acquisition by or merger with another company. In such an event, we or the new owner will notify you of the transfer.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
In connection with our activities outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), we process personal information with consent except where otherwise permitted or required by law. Your consent may be express or implied, depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the personal information in question.
In connection with our commercial activities in the EEA, we rely on one of the following legal grounds (as appropriate) to process personal information:
To enter and perform a contract with you or to perform any steps you require from us before entering into a contract.
To pursue our legitimate business interests in establishing, managing or concluding our business relationship with you.
Where you have specifically consented to us processing your personal information.
To comply with our legal obligations and establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
The Company is headquartered in the United States. As described in this Privacy Policy, we share personal information with affiliates and service providers who may be located in Europe, United Kingdom, Canada, Mexico or other countries. As a result, your personal information may be processed and stored in these countries for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We take appropriate steps to ensure that any international transfer of personal information is carried out in compliance with applicable laws. We have intra-company agreements with our affiliates, where applicable, that govern the transfer and processing of personal information. With regard to service providers, to the extent required by applicable law, we rely on EU Standard Contractual Clauses, Privacy Shield certification, other approved codes of conduct or certification mechanisms or binding and enforceable commitments of the recipient, to ensure that the transfer is in accordance with legal requirements.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND OPT OUT
The file containing your personal information will be maintained on our servers or those of our service provider. If you wish to request access to, or correction of, your personal information in our custody or control, please contact us as described below. We may need to verify your identity before searching for or providing you with personal information
Where personal information is processed with consent, you may (subject to contractual and legal restrictions) refuse to provide your consent, or choose to withdraw your consent, to our processing of your personal information. Note that if you refuse to consent, or withdraw your consent, to certain processing of your personal information, we may not be able to provide certain of our services.
You may unsubscribe from our email communications by using the unsubscribe feature in our emails. You may also ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes, by contacting us at webmaster@safariland.com.
If you are in the EEA you may also have the right, in specified circumstances, to object to our use of your personal information, to request the deletion of your personal information or restrict its use, to request a copy of the information you have provided to us to use for your own purposes, or to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. If you have any questions about these rights, or you would like to exercise any of them, please contact us as described in the Contact Information section below.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We hold your personal information only as long as we have a valid legal reason to do so, which includes providing you with the services you have requested, meeting our legal and regulatory obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. The length of time for which we keep different types of personal information can vary, depending on why we originally obtained them, the reason we process them and the legal requirements that apply to them.
In general, we keep your personal information for the length of any contractual relationship and, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, after the end of that relationship for as long as necessary to perform purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, to protect us from legal claims and administer our business. When we no longer need to use personal information, we will delete it from our systems and records or take steps to anonymize the data unless we need to keep it longer to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
When setting our data retention and deletion timescales we take into account a range of factors including applicable regulations and standards relating to taxation, payment processing and complaint handling, the need to prevent or detect crime or other misuse of our services, and audit requirements. To fulfill our requirements, some of your personal information will need to be retained for a period of time after you cease to be a customer. When we no longer need it to fulfil the above requirements, we delete it securely.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN
We are committed to preserving online privacy for all of our website visitors, including children. The website is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. We will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using www.safariland.com. Furthermore, we may restrict entries to any contests, sweepstakes or promotions to entrants who are at least 18 years of age.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act provides California consumers with the right to obtain from the Company information about the personal information about you that we collect, use, and disclose. To request a copy of such information, please contact us by any of the ways described in the "Contact Information" of this Privacy Policy, and we will respond within 45 days as required by law. California consumers may also opt-out of our disclosing personal information about them to third parties for their marketing purposes. If you do not want us to disclose information to other companies for their marketing purposes, please contact us by any of the ways described in the "Contact Information" of this Privacy Policy. If you choose to exercise your privacy rights, you have the right to not to receive discriminatory treatment or a lesser degree of service from the Company.
California law also requires us to disclose how we respond to your web browser, "do not track" signals, or other mechanisms that provide you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party sites or online services. We are also required to disclose whether other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different sites when you use the website. For more specific information on Do Not Track and the exercise of consumer choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party sites or online services, please review our Cookie Policy.
Please read our California Privacy Disclosures for additional information required under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
DATA SECURITY
We restrict access to personal information collected about you at our website to our employees, our affiliates' employees, or others who need to know that information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our normal business operations. While no website can guarantee security, we use commercial reasonable efforts to maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information collected via the website. We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. We also advise all Company employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our Company's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.
SECURITY OF YOUR CREDIT CARD DATA
We use a third-party payment management company ("Braintree") in order to process credit card transactions. You can read more about Braintree at
https://www.braintreepayments.com/ca/legal/braintree-privacy-policy. Braintree utilizes a process known as "tokenization" in order to securely process credit card transactions when you provide your credit card data to us. Tokenization is the replacement of sensitive data with a unique identifier that cannot be mathematically reversed. Within our environment, tokens take the place of sensitive credit card data. The token will retain the last four digits of the card as a means of accurately matching the token to the payment card owner. The remaining numbers are generated using proprietary tokenization algorithms.
To make a purchase on the website, the customer will enter their payment card information into the designated payment fields on the order page. These payment fields will be hosted by Braintree using Secure Acceptance. When you submit your credit card data to Safariland, the data is immediately encrypted and transmitted directly to Braintree for storing, processing, and token generation. The payment data is not stored or retained by us.
The encrypted primary account number (PAN) is decrypted when it enters Braintree's Level 1, PCI-compliant data vault, where it is securely stored. The payment data is then passed on to the processing channel (bank) and returned to Braintree with an accepted or denied result.
Braintree returns the result to us but substitutes the PAN data with a uniquely generated token. The token is stored by Safariland for future transactions. Safariland performs quarterly scans in order to demonstrate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS").
COOKIES
The website collects technical information about your visit. This can include information such as the name of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the type of operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed the site; the pages that you access while at the site, your manner of connecting to the Internet, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website, other information about your geographic location, and the domain name of your Internet service provider. For further information related to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies that may be used on the website by Safariland and third parties, and your ability to not be tracked, please review our Cookie Settings in the footer of our website.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We may provide links to other sites on the Internet for your convenience to locate related information and services. These sites have not necessarily been reviewed by us and are maintained by third parties over which we exercise no control. Accordingly, we expressly disclaim any responsibility for the privacy policies, information collection practices, content, accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party websites. Moreover, these links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party or any website or the products or services provided by any third party.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our website or through our services (including, but not limited to, any Company website contained on a social media platform or website such as Facebook or Twitter) by email, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a "Submission"), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. The Company cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and the Company is therefore not responsible for any content or submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By visiting any Company website that is contained on a social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to the Company that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such platform or website and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein. Additionally, in the event that the Company offers a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on a website administered directly by the Company, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although the Company may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of the Company's website, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don't know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to exercise any of your data protection rights, please contact us by any of the contact methods (mail, email or telephone) provided below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them.
The Safariland GroupLegal Department13386 International Parkway Jacksonville, FL 32218E-mail: privacy@safariland.comPhone: 800-347-1200
VISITING OUR WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province/territory, or country where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please be aware that we transfer your personal information to the United States or other countries as described above. As a result, your information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, law enforcement officials and national security authorities in the United States or other countries according to their laws. Subject to the applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that appropriate protections are in place to maintain protections on the personal information. By submitting your personal information, you consent to having your personal information transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and elsewhere.
LAST UPDATED
January 20, 2020
Get the Safariland Newsletter
Get the SITREP on promotions, product news and exclusive offers.
Sign Up
Find a Dealer
Find a dealer near you with Safariland’s dealer locator.
Search