http://www.sandstruck.com/en/privacy/
Overview
S&S Truck Parts LLC respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of S&S Truck Parts LLC's website and not sites that users access via links from our site. S&S Truck Parts LLC is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
S&S Truck Parts LLC website uses cookies that are used to provide our customers with access to various features on the website such as our shopping cart.This cookie is deleted when you close the browser. We also use cookies for Google Analytics visitor reporting, which is collected in an anonymous form (aggregated) about how visitors use our website, for example the number of visits, how they arrived at the website, etc. This information is used soley to improve the usability of our website.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
S&S Truck Parts LLC may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that S&S Truck Parts LLC reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of S&S Truck Parts LLC and is effective as of November 30, 2010. This statement does not create an agreement between S&S Truck Parts LLC and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
S&S Truck Parts LLC 600 W. Irving Park Road Schaumburg, IL 60193 Toll-Free: 800.621.1553 Phone: 847.584.2000 Email: webmaster@sandstruck.com Web Address: www.sandstruck.com