http://www.parishchest.com/terms-and-conditions.php
Close
Family History Research Aids from the Experts
Home
Basket
Checkout
Login
Register
(All suppliers)
Anglo-German Family History Society
Autodotbiography
Bedfordshire FHS
Beginners Guide to Writing
Bliss FHS
British Association for Local History
Cambridgeshire & Huntingdonshire FHS
Cardiganshire Family History Society
Caribbean Family History Group
Catholic Family History Society
Cave FHS
Chesterfield & District Family History Society
City of York & District FHS
Cornwall FHS
Cumbria Family History Society
Devon Family History Society
Dorset Family History Society
East of London Family History Society
East Surrey Family History Society
English Parish Records
Essex Society for Family History
Family & Community Historical Research Society
Family History Books Online
Family History Society of Cheshire
Family Tree Magazine
Fenland FHS
Folkestone & District FHS
Genealogy Printers
Gloucestershire FHS
Gwent FHS
Hampshire Genealogical Society
Hidden Heritage
Hillingdon FHS
Irish Genealogy Solutions
Irish Roots Magazine
Jewish Genealogical Society for Great Britain
Kent Family History Society
Lancashire FHHS
Lancashire Parish Register Society
Leicestershire Parish Registers
Lincolnshire Family History Society
London Westminster & Middlesex FHS
Malvern FHS
Midland Ancestors
Morley & District FHG
North Meols (Southport) FHS
North of Ireland Family History Society
North West Kent FHS
Northamptonshire FHS
Northumberland and Durham Family History Society (NDFHS)
Nuneaton & North Warwickshire FHS
Ormskirk & District FHS
Oxfordshire FHS
Peterborough & District Family History Society
Pontefract FHS
Quality Maps & More
Romany and Traveller FHS
Rugby Family History Group
Ryedale FHG
Sigma Books
Somerset & Dorset Family History Society
Stevensbooks
Sussex FHG
The Brooking Society
The Crafty Genealogist
The Dalton Genealogical Society
The Families in British India Society
The Metcalfe Society
Wakefield & District FHS
West Middlesex FHS
West Surrey Family History Society
Weston Super Mare & District FHS
Who Do You Think You Are? Magazine
All products
Census
Directories
Downloads
Electoral Law
Maps / Gazetteers
Military / Naval
Monumental Inscriptions
Parish Registers
Poor Law
Society Subscriptions
Wills and Probate
How-To Books
Nonconformists
Society Journals
Crime
Reference & Research
Miscellaneous
Clothing
All products
Census
Clothing
Crime
Directories
Downloads
Electoral Law
How-To Books
Maps / Gazetteers
Military / Naval
Miscellaneous
Monumental Inscriptions
Nonconformists
Parish Registers
Poor Law
Reference & Research
Society Journals
Society Subscriptions
Wills and Probate
Terms & Conditions
PARISH CHEST - PURCHASER TERMS & CONDITIONS
Parish Chest is owned and operated by the Federation of Family History Societies Services Ltd on behalf of the Federation of Family History Societies, a Company Limited by Guarantee Company Number 2930189 (England & Wales) Registered Charity Number 1038721 whose Registered Office is 2 Primrose Avenue, Urmston, Manchester M41 OTY
Our Terms and Conditions cover:
Pricing
Orders
Payment provisions
Processing orders
Commission
Pricing
The price is shown against each product or service and is inclusive of VAT charged by the supplier. The published price of any product or service is valid for orders placed at the time the price is displayed. The shipping charge for each item is determined by the destination country and in accordance with the postal scale operative at the date of placing the order.
Ordering
There is a minimum order value of £5.00.  All orders are placed using the shopping basket and checkout system provided on this website. You will receive e-mail confirmation of your order. You will see a summary of your order before being asked for confirmation and payment.
Payment
Payment is made by debit or credit card using Paypal or by using your Paypal account. You should not send your card details by any method other than that secure service provided. If you do so, we will not be liable for any loss. If you consider your credit card has been fraudulently used as a result of using Parish Chest you should contact the issuing bank.
All purchases from Parish Chest will be handled via our secure payment gateway. Parish Chest and/or its officers/employees have no access to your card details.
Dispatch of goods and services
Parish Chest acts as agent for the supplier and we process orders so they will normally be dispatched within seven working days of receiving your order, unless a longer period is specified against the item ordered.
If your order is for a service as opposed to goods, the provision of services will commence within three working days, unless a longer period is specified or advised by the supplier of the service. If for any reason an item is unavailable, you will be notified and offered the choice of an alternative item or a refund to your card account.
Societies providing goods and services are run mainly by volunteers. There may be reasons why they will occasionally be unable to meet this timescale.
The suppliers guarantee that Goods will be dispatched by Royal Mail/Parcelforce, and all items sent overseas will be sent air mail. Results of search services will be sent by e-mail.
Electronic downloads will be available as soon after payment as the technology allows.
Society Membership
If you are using Parish Chest to apply for membership of a society or a subscription renewal, the Parish Chest service is limited to submitting the completed membership application and payment and is completed when you receive an acceptance into membership from that Society. The acceptance from a society will be by e-mail. Immediately Parish Chest have submitted your application to the recipient Society they alone are responsible for the provision of membership services.
Quality of Goods and Services and Returns Procedures
Parish Chest want all our customers to be completely satisfied with the quality of the goods and services they purchase through us. If you are not satisfied with the quality or if an item is faulty or is not that which you ordered, please contact us with the details. We will then pass this information to the supplier so they can take remedial action. Parish Chest has no responsibility for the issue of faulty, incorrect goods or provision of replacements.
Refunds
Any resultant refund will be credited to the card account used to initiate the purchase.
Responsibility for Local Taxes and Duties
As the purchaser you are responsible for payment of any Local Taxes and Import Duties levied in the country of the delivery address.
Unfulfilled Orders
If you have not received your order within fifteen working days (for UK orders) or twenty-four working days (for overseas orders) please contact us.
Right to Cancel
You have the right to cancel within 14 days of the order being placed.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must supply your name, full address, your telephone number and a valid e-mail address. You should do so only using the cancellation form on the website.
If you cancel your order Parish Chest will reimburse to you the payment received excluding the designated standard costs of delivery. We may also make an administration charge of not more than 30% of the value of any goods supplied.
Reimbursement will not be made until the returned goods have been received by the supplier or you have supplied proof of posting that you have sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
Return of Goods
You will return the goods to the supplier within 14 days from the day on which you communicate your cancellation. You will bear the direct cost of returning the goods.
Applicable Law
These terms and conditions, your order and payment and the delivery of the goods and services you order, form the basis of a contract under the laws of England and Wales between you (the customer) and Parish Chest. Your statutory rights under the laws of England and Wales are not affected by these terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
Details of our privacy policy can be viewed or downloaded from our parent website www.familyhistoryfederation.com which apply equally to Parish Chest.
PARISH CHEST – AGREEMENT AND SUPPLIER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This agreement is made between Parish Chest, owned and operated by the Federation of Family History Societies Services Ltd, and the named society/organisation named below (the supplier). Parish Chest agrees with the supplier to provide, as agent for the supplier, the website services referred to on that part of the family History federation parish chest website.
The terms and conditions of the agreement shall be as below.
Website and promotion
Parish Chest will maintain the website visibility and will update normally within three working days of receipt of new information or updates.
Parish Chest will be responsible for publicity, social media and advertising in order to promote the services we offer at their cost. Suppliers will be responsible for promoting their goods and services in their own journals, publications etc.
A working shopping basket on the website will accept debit and credit card payments via Paypal. We reserve the right in the future to change our secure banking system without reference to any participating supplier. Such a change will not affect payments made to suppliers.
You agree to submit to Parish Chest full descriptions, images of products and services, full retail price (inclusive of VAT where applicable) plus shipping and postal charges for each single item. We will provide a proforma to do so.
You will also provide a functional and manned e-mail address to receive and deal with shipment of orders within our prescribed time limit.
We reserve the right not to include any inappropriate material and may remove goods or services from the website for non-compliance with our terms and conditions.
Parish Chest operates a service supplying basic goods and services at affordable prices, for maximum benefit our member societies and suppliers.
Orders and pricing
Orders will be automatically forwarded to the supplier immediately the purchase order is processed and payment confirmed to Parish Chest.
Prices quoted on the website must be inclusive of VAT where applicable and show shipping & postage costs. If suppliers charge VAT, then it is their responsibility to account for this separately.
Suppliers also determine the cost of shipping & postage PER ITEM based upon a three-tier system UK, Europe and International.
Commission deductions on payment to suppliers
Payment will be made to the supplier by bank transfer on a monthly basis normally by the 5th of the following month in which payment is received and confirmed and the supplier has confirmed dispatch of the products or services.
Dispatch of goods or services
For each order you receive from Parish Chest you agree to dispatch goods or services within 3 working days from receipt of the order from us. You will notify us when you have dispatched the order or services. This includes society memberships and renewals. If you cannot fulfil the order within that time period because of unavailable goods you agree to notify us of the reason immediately you receive the order.
You also agree to notify us when goods are out of stock or temporarily unavailable and we will place a notice on that item rather than withdraw it from listings unless it has become obsolete or out of print.
Non-compliance with the above may result in withdrawal of our services to your organisation.
Compliance with cancellation and refund policies and privacy protection
Parish Chest requires you the supplier to comply with its quality of service, cancellation policy, refund procedures etc which are clearly displayed on the Parish Chest website. The Parish Chest privacy policy and GDPR compliance is found on the Family History Federation website www.familyhistoryfederation.com and equally applies to Parish Chest. No personal information will be supplied to any third party.
Each supplying society is responsible for its own compliance with GDPR to protect their customer information. This should be given to each customer when fulfilling the order. Neither Parish Chest, nor the Family History Federation shall be liable for the supplier’s non-compliance with privacy policy, Data protection Act 2018 and GDPR requirements owed to their customers.
Change of responsible person
It will be the responsibility of each society to notify Parish Chest of any change in responsible person for Parish Chest transactions i.e. name, email address, telephone number or to notify us of any change in bank account details.
INFORMATION REQUIRED BY PARISH CHEST FROM SUPPLIERS:
Suppliers name
Name of contact for orders
e-mail address for Parish Chest transactions/orders
Telephone number of responsible person
Postal address
Charity registration number
Website URL
Bank details: name of bank, sort code, account number, account name.
Signatures of chairman and treasurer of the society
Date of agreement
Counter signature on behalf of Parish Chest
Federation societies suppliers form
Other suppliers and non-Federation societies suppliers form
Print this page
Contact form
Name *Email *Message *
A service from the
FAMILY HISTORY FEDERATION www.familyhistoryfederation.com
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
© 2020 The Federation of Family History Societies Services Ltd
Website : beachshore