http://www.ascotchang.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Shop
Shirts
Dress Shirts
Polo Shirts
Jackets
Safari Jackets
Accessories
Ties
Belts
Cufflinks and Stud Sets
Face Masks
BESPOKE
The Process
Shirts
Suits
ABOUT US
OUR STORES
FEATURES
Features
Collar Spotlight: #85 (Tony's Buttondown)
Introducing: Albini ViroFormula
Our Ascot Chang Polos
Collar Spotlight #14
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
Free worldwide shipping on safari jackets
Instagram
Facebook
Privacy PolicyIn order to make your visits to AscotChang.com as responsive as possible, we collect information when you visit us. To help ensure an enjoyable online experience for all of our visitors, we provide this summary of what information AscotChang.com collects online, and how AscotChang.com uses that information.This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online by AscotChang.com. Your consentBy using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.General Browsing AscotChang.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our Web site. This information allows us to see which areas of our Web site are most visited and helps us improve the quality of your online experience by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and services. Additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider, IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding the general use of our Web site. Personal InformationAscotChang.com collects personal information in several ways when you place an order, fill up the form or register for a service offered by Shopping.AscotChang.com. If an order is placed with us, we need to hold personal information including your name, email address, phone numbers, home address, shipping and credit card billing address(es) so that we can process and fulfil your order. Saved card details will never be shared with third parties and will only be used to process your order, using our payment partner's systems. Additionally we may also obtain information as a result of authentication or identity checks. Sometimes we may ask for your telephone number. This number may be given to our courier for delivery services. These details allow us to process your order and to let you know the status of your order.
COOKIESShopping.AscotChang.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. We use cookies to keep track of how often you visit our site, the contents of your shopping cart, previous purchases and to deliver content specific to your interests.
The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive. Information collected from cookies is used by Shopping.AscotChang.com to evaluate the effectiveness of our Web site, analyze trends and administer the Web site. The information collected from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Web site are most visited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our Web site. With this knowledge, we can improve the quality of your experience on our Web site by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and information, as well as by resolving access difficulties.
INFORMATION USEDAscotChang.com may use your personal information for the processing of orders, payments and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience. We will also use your details to fulfil and deliver your orders and manage your account. Your personal information may also be checked with credit agencies to prevent fraud and may be shared with other trading divisions within Shopping.AscotChang.com. The information collected in the "Contact Us" feature is only used to reply to visitors' requests for information. Where there is a legal obligation to do so, we may disclose your information to any relevant regulatory body. We may also use your personal information to send you marketing updates but only ever in accordance with your preferences (as detailed in the next section). We don't sell your details to third party marketing companies. We do collate statistical information about site traffic, sales and other commercial information which we may pass on to trusted third parties but these statistics do not include any information which can identify you personally. We see this as a value-added service helping you to find useful products or services. Finally, we may use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, together with non-personal data to monitor customer patterns so we can consistently improve our site design to better meet our visitors' needs. From time to time AscotChang.com may employ third party business partners to collect personal information on AscotChang.com’s behalf. In such cases, these third parties will be subject to confidentiality agreements and instructed by AscotChang.com to comply fully with the AscotChang.com Privacy Policy.Access, Correction, and DeletionTo keep personally identifiable information that you provide via this site accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below and we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession, or to delete your information from our contact list.SecurityThis site takes reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information as you transmit it to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure.Links to Other Web SitesThis site may contain links or references to other Web sites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address, mailing address or telephone number:web@ascotchang.comAscotChang Co. Ltd.B520, Focal Industrial Centre21 Man Lok Street, HunghomKowloon, Hong KongTel : (852) 2364-4384Changes to This Privacy PolicyIf this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 16, 2019.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"