http://www.forsyth-wilton.co.uk/cookie-control-policy/
View Cart
(0 items)
Following the announcement on the 17th November 2020 by the Scottish Government regarding local tier 4 restrictions. We will remain open during this time as a manufacturer to construction and a supplier of essential materials to keep properties safe and secure.
We will continue to operate in a covid safe manner.
Our reduced opening hours will be :
Mon – Thur 8.30 till 17.00
Friday 8.30 till 16.00
Sat 10.00 till 16.30
Closed Sundays Until Further Notice
HomeAbout UsDeliveryContact UsCataloguesProduct Data SheetsLinksProliner 8 VideoBlogArticlesProduct Installation VideosPrivacy NoticeEmployment OpportunitiesSitemap
On-line Products
Sliding Wardrobe DoorsInterior Wooden DoorsFrameless Glass DoorsBalustradesGlass Cut To SizeSplashbacks and WorktopsDesigner Mirrors
In-store Products
Shower ScreensAluminium ProductsPicture FramingDecorative GlassMenu
Secure Shopping
Cookie Control Policy
This website incorporates the use of cookies to enhance the user experience as well as provide us with essential data to help us tailor this website so as to provide a better overall experience.  We use both Essential and Non-essential cookies within this site.  See the explanations below:
Non-essential cookie use is limited to anonymously track visitors to the website.  This provides us with vital statistics to allow us to enhance your experience of the website.Essential cookies are used on this website to facilitate functionality of the shopping basket control, glass cut to size module and sliding door design and order module. These cookies are essential to the functionality of the website.
If you are not happy about any of these types of cookies, you can disable them by adjusting your browser settings.  You can find out how to disable these cookies by visiting www.aboutcookies.org.
However, please be aware that the modules mentioned above will not work correctly if you disable the essential cookies.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the User of this Website and Forsyth Glazing Ltd, the owner and provider of this Website. Forsyth Glazing Ltd takes the privacy of your information very seriously. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the Website. This policy has been updated to comply with the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Please read this privacy policy carefully.
Definitions and interpretation
In this privacy policy, the following definitions are used:
Data
collectively all information that you submit to Forsyth Glazing Ltd via the Website. This definition incorporates, where applicable, the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 2018;
Cookies
a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in the clause below (Cookies);
Forsyth Glazing Ltd, or us
Forsyth Glazing Ltd, a company incorporated in Scotland with registered number SC077826 whose registered office is at 30 Tobago Street, Glasgow, G40 2RH;
UK and EU Cookie Law
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
User or you
any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Forsyth Glazing Ltd and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Forsyth Glazing Ltd and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services; and
Website
the website that you are currently using, www.forsythglazing.co.uk, and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
In this privacy policy, unless the context requires a different interpretation:
the singular includes the plural and vice versa;
references to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices are to sub-clauses, clauses, schedules or appendices of this privacy policy;
a reference to a person includes firms, companies, government entities, trusts and partnerships;
"including" is understood to mean "including without limitation";
reference to any statutory provision includes any modification or amendment of it;
the headings and sub-headings do not form part of this privacy policy.
Scope of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Forsyth Glazing Ltd and Users with respect to this Website. It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links we may provide to social media websites.
Data collected
We may collect the following Data, which includes personal Data, from you:
Name
Contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our use of Data
For purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, Forsyth Glazing Ltd is the "data controller".
We keep data for as long as it is needed for the purpose for which it was orinally collected.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to any third party disclosures specifically set out in this policy, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This includes our affiliates and / or other companies within our group.
All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 2018. For more details on security see the clause below (Security).
Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Website. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
For the processing and delivery of orders. ;
in each case, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Third party websites and services
Forsyth Glazing Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with certain processes necessary for the operation of the Website. The providers of such services have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website.
Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request. Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties will be processed within the terms of this privacy policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018.
Links to other websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. We have no control over such websites and are not responsible for the content of these websites. This privacy policy does not extend to your use of such websites. You are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Changes of business ownership and control
Forsyth Glazing Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Forsyth Glazing Ltd. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
We may also disclose Data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
Controlling use of your Data
Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data. This may include the following:
use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
sharing Data with third parties.
Functionality of the Website
To use all features and functions available on the Website, you may be required to submit certain Data.
You may restrict your internet browser's use of Cookies. For more information see the clause below (Cookies).
Accessing your own Data
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by Forsyth Glazing Ltd (where such Data is held).
Security
Data security is of great importance to Forsyth Glazing Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
If password access is required for certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We endeavour to do our best to protect your personal Data. However, transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure and is done at your own risk. We cannot ensure the security of your Data transmitted to the Website.
Cookies
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Forsyth Glazing Ltd uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products. Forsyth Glazing Ltd has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Forsyth Glazing Ltd to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
This Website may place the following Cookies:
Type of CookiePurposeAnalytical/performance cookiesThey allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy policy to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy policy where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy policy (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy policy will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of Scotland. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts.
Changes to this privacy policy
Forsyth Glazing Ltd reserves the right to change this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
You may contact Forsyth Glazing Ltd by email at sales@forsythglazing.co.uk.
13 April 2018
Secure Shopping
Terms and Conditions
Co Reg. No. - SC077826VAT No. - 261 6183 66
Head Office and Factory Superstore
Forsyth Glazing Ltd.  30 Tobago Street, Glasgow G40 2RH
Tel: 0141 554 0011, Fax: 0141 554 0088
Email: sales@forsythglazing.co.uk
Opening House: Mon-Thurs: 08.30 - 17.00 | Fri: 08.30 - 16.00 |
Sat: 10.00 - 16.30 | Sun: 10.30 - 16.30
Copyright © 2013 Forsyth Glazing Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Great Western Road
Wilton Glazing & Framing, 514 Great Western Road, Glasgow G12 8EL
Tel: 0141 339 9225, Fax: 0141 337 3727
Email: sales@wiltonglazing.co.uk
Opening House: Mon-Fri: 09.00 - 17.00 |
Sat: 09.00 - 13.00 | Sun: Closed