http://www.throwthings.com/privacy
ThrowThings.com, LLC's Privacy PolicyInformation about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below, as needed to process and complete your order, and with subsidiaries ThrowThings.com, LLC controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that ThrowThings.com, LLC, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Protection of ThrowThings.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or protect the rights, property, or safety of ThrowThings.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.Past/Present Client Information: We may use the names, individually or as a part of a listing, of companies and/or organizations who have ordered from us or on whose behalf an order was placed. (This includes orders of custom imprinted products which were for the use of a company or organization or used a company or organization logo). When products are ordered for use in motion picture, television, or live stage performance we may use the name of the company/organization that placed the order and/or the motion picture/television show/stage performance that the product was ordered for. We use these names as examples of past and present clients and to let the public and potential customers know where our products are being used.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.Should we find it necessary to make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our site for a period of time to be determined by ThrowThings.com, LLC. pages.ThrowThings.com, LLC reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.