https://www.langrex.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy provides information on how Langrex uses the information that you give us.Langrex is committed to ensuring that any personal information that we hold is protected. If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, you can be guaranteed that this information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it because your acceptance is believed to occur when you first use our website. What information do we collect from you?Generally, we collect the following information:your namecontact details such as email address, telephone numbers (both landline and mobile), company name and addressinformation relevant to your business service such as your business/company name, websitedemographic information such as postcodeall payment card information taken over the phone is destroyed securely after transaction is completedwhen you visit our website we will retain details such as traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you access. For further information, please see our Cookie Policy. How do we collect this information?Personal information is collected in the following ways:Telephone calls – during an inbound telephone call, you might provide us with the personal information listed above.Email – if you email us with personal information, we usually keep a record of this along with any correspondence‘Contact Us’ form on our website – if you use this form, we usually keep a record of this along with any correspondenceWebsite – by visiting our website we may obtain analytic information which we may use to update our website in order to improve the user experienceSocial Media – if you contact us or provide your details via our social media pages Who might we share your information with?We do not share your information with any other organisations/websites for marketing, market research or commercial purposes.We would only pass on your personal information if we have your express permission from you to do so. What do we do with your information?Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, for example:Our performance of a contract with you and managing your accountSupplying our services to youReplying to emails from youAnalysing the use of our website to make improvements to the user experience on our website How long do we keep hold of your information?All personal data is stored securely for no longer than is necessary.Generally, your data is stored within the European Economic Area (EEA).  If we do store data outside of the EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the Data Protection Act 1998. How can you access the information we hold about you?You can contact us at any time to request the personal details we hold about you.  No fee is payable and we will provide you with any and all information we hold.In addition, you can ask us to delete this data from our records.  To do this, please make a request to us in writing and we will respond within 7 working days. Please address your letter to: The Data Protection Officer, at Langrex, Unit 4, Daux Road, Billingshurst, West Sussex, RH14 9SJ Use of CookiesOur website may place or access Cookies on your computer or device and they are only used by us.  We use Cookies to improve the user experience on our website.  We do not use third party advertising on our website so third party Cookies should not be placed on your computer or device as a result of visiting our website. In addition, our website uses analytics services by Google and others, who also use Cookies; this is a set of tools used to collect any analyse usage statistics that enable us to better understand how users use our website. Contacting usIf you have any questions about our website or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at enquiries@langrex.co.uk, by telephone on 01403 785600 or write to us at Langrex, Unit 4, Daux Road, Billingshurst, West Sussex, RH14 9SJ Changes to our Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be change from time to time (for example, if there is a change in the law).  We recommend that you check this page regularly.
Search for:
HomeAbout UsShopStocklistContact Us
Login
Newsletter
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?