http://www.dollshouseworkshop.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy — Dolls House Workshop
Collection
Sui Generis
Contact
Our Story
Sign In
My Account
Meticulously crafted high quality bespoke doll house presentations that are designed at core to become high-quality future family heirlooms.
““Beautifully Crafted with a Scrupulous Attention to Detail.””
The Bespoke Collection
Privacy Policy  The Dolls’ House Workshop is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy right of its customers. As of May 25th 2018, we are changing the way we handle your data. You will now have more control of what data we receive, and how we store/use that data. Please take some time to read our updated privacy policy below.This privacy policy explains how we collect, store and use personal information when you browse, shop or otherwise provide your personal information to www.dollshouseworkshop.com and www.thedollshouseworkshop.com. It details the type of personal information we collect from you, how we use it and the rights you have in regard to our use of it. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using this website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to its privacy policy in its entirety.
We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, the privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any other applicable privacy laws.
About The Dolls’ House WorkshopThe Dolls’ House Workshop is a trading body of Furniture Enterprises Ltd registered in England and Wales (VAT registration number 386520339) registered office: TPC Services Limited, Cambridge House, 27 Cambridge Park, Wanstead, London, E11 2PU.Our workshop is located at: L20 Leaping Wells Farm Hollow Road Kelvedon Essex CO5 9DB.The Personal Information We Collect About You When you make a purchase from The Dolls’ House Workshop (including purchases made through the website, over the phone or on an order form) we may collect the following personal information about you;Your nameYour contact details: billing and delivery postal address, phone and emailIf you have registered with us, your customer number, username and passwordIf you place an order with us, your payment card detailsWho you are buying forHow you found out about usYour communication, cookie and marketing preferences.How We May Store and Use Your Personal Information The Dolls’ House Workshop may collect, store and process your personal information:To make the website available to you if you have registered an email address, customer number or passwordTo process your payment card details and, in certain instances, disclose your personal data to third party credit reference agencies to access your suitability for multi part payment ordersFor processing and dispatching your orderTo keep you informed about the processing of your orderTo quality assure service levels provided by Royal Mail and our designated delivery companyTo obtain feedback on your shopping experience with us to assist with quality control, research and development, analysis, testing, product range and risk managementTo make you aware of promotional offers, prize draws, loyalty offers and competitions, should you opt in to such marketing preferencesTo obtain feedback and keep you informed about products and services which we think may interest youFor any related purposes, or where we have a legal right or duty under and order of a governmental or law enforcement body to use or disclose your information (including for crime and fraud prevention and related purposes)Except as set out in this privacy policy and our cookie policy, we will not disclose personal information to any third party, but where information is disclosed, a record of that information may be kept.Responsibility to Young Persons We do not and will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the website or submit any personal data to it unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian of legal adult age.
Cookies This website uses cookies. By using this website you agree to our use of cookies as outlined in our cookie policy.
Fake Emails We will never ask you to confirm full account or credit card details via email. If you receive an email claiming to be from Dolls’ House Workshop asking you to do so, please ignore and do not respond to it. We would ask that you contact us immediately should you receive any such email and we will investigate further to prevent such happenings in the future. Your RightsYou have the following rights:To ask what personal information we hold about you, subject to the relevant fee applicable by lawTo ask us to update or correct, free of charge, any out of date data we currently hold about youTo opt out of any marketing communications that we may send youIf you wish to unsubscribe from email marketing communications that we may send you, you can most easily do this by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email.
Collection   Sui Generis   About   Contact Mortgaging Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies
Stay in Touch
Sign up to get updates from our collection, promotions,and sneak peeks of upcoming products.
Email Address
Sign Up
Thank you!