https://www.abundantlifeseeds.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Menu
Abundant Life Seeds Catalog
Trusted Marijuana Seedbanks
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
The Abundant Life Seeds website does not record any personal information during your visit to our site.
Our Privacy Policy describes the types of data we collect, use of external links, disclaimers and limitation of liability.
Definitions
Abundant Life Seeds, or Abundant Life, or The Abundant Life Seeds Company, or The Abundant Life Seeds website, or We, or Our, or Us, all refer to this website, accessible at https://www.abundantlifeseeds.com
You, or User, refers to the individual accessing or using the Abundant Life Seeds website, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Abundant Life Seeds website, as applicable.
Types of Data We Collect
Cookies
Cookies are digital text files that are placed on your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
The Abundant Life Seeds website runs on the WordPress software, which uses cookies by default to verify who the user is, e.g. if the user is logged-in.
Log Files
The server that hosts the Abundant Life Seeds website makes use of log files. These files keep a log of visitors to the website. The information inside of the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends and block nefarious traffic, if necessary. Log files are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
IP Address
An IP address is a unique string of numbers separated by periods that identifies each computer, mobile device or any other device that connects to the web using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network. IP addresses contain non-personally identifiable information that shows the network, and its associated data, of the user.
IP addresses are automatically collected by our log files, as well as by various software on our server, when you access this website. IP address information helps us to analyze trends and block nefarious traffic, if necessary.
Name and Email Address
If you leave a review on the Abundant Life Seeds website, your name and content of that review are stored in our database. Approved reviews are displayed live on this site. If you enter your last name it will be abbreviated before being approved.
If you choose to send us an email, your email address, name and content of that email are stored on file.
We do not share or sell your information to any third parties, unless strictly compelled to by law. We do not send unsolicited emails. We do not operate a mailing list.
External Links
Links to or from external sites are not owned or controlled by Abundant Life Seeds and do not constitute an endorsement or any guarantee by us or the external sites.
Affiliate Partners
The Abundant Life Seeds website contains references to products available from one or more of our affiliate partner websites. We may receive compensation if you click a link to visit an affiliate partner website and make an order. This is accomplished by the use of cookies from the affiliate partner websites. We do not have control over, or access to, the cookies used on our affiliate partner websites. Each of our affiliate partner websites has its own privacy policy, listed below:
ILGM (privacy policy)
MSNL (privacy policy)
Seedsman (privacy policy)
Crop King (privacy policy)
Sonoma Seeds (privacy policy)
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
Abundant Life Seeds makes no representations, guarantees, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the content contained on this website or any sites linked to this site.
All the materials on this site are provided ‘as is’ without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of merchantability, noninfringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. In no event shall Abundant Life Seeds or its agents or associates be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, loss of information, injury or death) arising out of the use of or inability to use the materials, even if Abundant Life Seeds has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages.
Any medical information on this site is provided as an information resource only, and is not to be used or relied on for any diagnostic or treatment purposes.
Abundant Life Seeds does not promote, condone or advocate breaking the law. Abundant Life Seeds cannot be held responsible for material on its website pages, or pages to which we provide links, which promote, condone or advocate illegal activities.
If you require any information about our privacy policy, or have questions about Abundant Life Seeds please get in touch with us via our contact page.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 28 October 2020. Any future updates to our Privacy Policy are to be found on this page.