http://www.hamiltonjewelers.com/pages/privacy-policy.html
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Hamilton Jewelers Privacy StatementHamilton Jewelers has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm's commitment to the privacy of our client's personal information. We are dedicated to providing our clients with outstanding service and value while respecting and protecting private data. Under no circumstances is client information shared with any outside party. We value the trust you have placed in Hamilton Jewelers and we take every possible measure to guard your privacy. All transactions made on this website are in an encrypted format. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer this website. We log IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to track a user's specific session, or to investigate cases of fraud or other security violations on our site Any personally identifiable information contained in our IP address logs will be treated with the same respect for your privacy that order and registration information is treated. The aggregate of IP addresses used to access our site may be analyzed to provide broad demographic information about the community of users on the site. Rolex Section While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.Cookies PolicyCookies are small pieces of information that many web sites use to make online navigation easier. This data is contained on your hard drive in a file that your web browser provides for the purpose. A cookie can contain information such as a user ID. Our site can't read other data on your hard drive or read cookies created by other sites. You do not need to have cookies turned on to view our site, but you will need to accept cookies to register or order products. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your context during visits to the site, and to identify you as you move about the site or should you return to the site later. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. If you elect to reject identifying cookies from this site, E-Commerce features and other personalization features may be partially or fully disabled.Rolex Section While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable. Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase products. When you begin the ordering process, you are sent to our secure server to ensure the security and safety of information collected during ordering. All information required for order fulfillment such as billing, shipping, and contact information is used only by Hamilton to properly fulfill your order. At no time will this information be shared with any third parties. When an email address is collected, we may periodically send information to the client via this address. Hamilton maintains a strict adherence to spam and opt-out best practices as dictated by FTC protocol. Clients may choose to opt-out from future mailings at any time. We may host "registration incentives" and/or contests on our site in which we require users to register their contact Information with us as a condition of entering the contests. We collect name, address, email address and some demographic information (zip code, age, or referral source, etc). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Terms of UseRolex Section While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Terms of Use, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information: your geographic location, internet service providers, etc. We collect this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing content that we think might be of interest, and displaying the content according to user preferences. When you click to join our mailing list, we collect your name, mailing address, and email address to provide you with the information you request. Hamilton Jewelers does not sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to any other party for any reason whatsoever. The only form of third party information that may be used is personally identifiable information submitted for another person by you. For instance, if an item is purchased for another recipient and we are shipping to a third party. Also, we may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to 1) comply with a valid legal process, 2) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or 3) protect the rights, property, or safety of Hamiltonjewelers.com and our users, or others. SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All ordering information is encrypted via SSL when it is transmitted over the open internet. Systems on which personal information resides are protected using state-of-the art methods, and we routinely monitor and upgrade our security systems to ensure that we use the best security technology available.  APP PERMISSIONSHamilton Jewelers mobile apps may request access to post on your social feeds, and share information on your behalf, with your approval. Our mobile applications do not collect data to share with third parties. Any data collected by the app is used solely by Hamilton Jewelers.  Choice/Opt-OuOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and for removing all your information from our database. You can do so in the following ways:You can send email to info@hamiltonjewelers.com You can send mail to the following postal address: 92 Nassau Street, Princeton, NJ 08542 You can call the following telephone number: 1-800-5-HAMILTON  Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.Email: info@hamiltonjewelers.com Call the following telephone number: 1-800-5-HAMILTON  Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you may contact:Web ManagerHamilton Jewelers92 Nassau StreetPrinceton, NJ 08542info@hamiltonjewelers.com Any changes to this privacy policy will be provided to users who have provided us with an email address and will also be addressed within the privacy policy document itself. Sign Up NowSubmit your email address below and get updates on Hamilton events, promotions and more!Email*Lists*Web Form Signup  Business GiftsThe professional way to manageCorporate Gift giving Shop Nowdiamond educationLearn about the 4c's of diamonds and view videos for more detail. Learn MoreOur catalogsView our latest catalogs & Hamilton's Accent Magazine. Browse NowHamilton AppsDownload our newvirtual ring try-onapp, on Android and iOS. Shop Now × Continue shopping Add to Cart
‹ › ×
×
Previous
Next
Login Register Registered Customers or Login with Your Social Profile Login with
Sign in with Facebook Continue with Facebook
Sign in with Apple Continue with Apple
or Login with Your Social Profile Login with
Sign in with Facebook Continue with Facebook
Sign in with Apple Continue with Apple