http://www.ionizers.org/privacypolicy.php
For All Enquiries
1(775) 324 2400 - Sales 24/7 1(877) 540 4154
Espanol (Cesar Medina) 1(877) 540 4154
Ionizers
Home
Water Ionizers
Why AlkaViva H2 Water Ionizers?
Vesta H2 - 9 Plate Water Ionizer
Athena H2 - 7 Plate Water Ionizer
Melody II
- 5 Plate Water Ionizer
Delphi H2 - Dedicated Under Counter Ionizer
Elita Pure - Non-electric Countertop
Elita Pure - Non-electric Under Counter
Perfect Pitcher with UltraWater
Under Sink Conversion Kits
Ionizer Buying Checklist
Kangen and Enagiic®
Why Buy AlkaViva
Ionizer Financing
Ionizer Filter Test Results
Other Products
Ionizer Filter Replacement
Filters Described
Buy Replacement Filters
Spartan ionizer Shield
Shower/ Bath Filters
pHresh Vitamin C Shower Head and Filter
AlkaViva Effervescent Dechlorination Tablets
Portable Alkaline Drops
pH Test Strips
FloJet Water Pump
Reverse Osmosis System
Anti-Scale Products
EOS Inline Filter
Scale Guard Inserts
Pre Filters and Housings
Books and DVDS
Snoring and Detox
Acuped Foot Pads
AcuRest Snoring Devices
Be a Dealer
Dealer Opportunity
Referral Program
Library
About Us
About Us
News
Testimonials
FAQs (quick answers)
FAQs (detailed answers)
Our Manufacturer
Contact
Email to Friend
Print Page
Bookmark
IonLife's Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Ionizers.org/ IonLife.We NEVER share any customer information with any third parties.We never have and we never will
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To PrivacyThe Information We CollectHow We Use InformationOur Commitment To Data SecurityOur Commitment To Children's PrivacyHow To Access Or Correct Your InformationHow To Contact Us
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Ionizers.org. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
NameAddress Email addressPhone number Credit/Debit Card Information(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient`s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddress Phone Number(etc.)
We Do Not Share Your Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
In the future we may offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card will only be used for that purpose, and will only be disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children`s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 775-324-2400 or send us an email.
home |about us |contact us |privacy |sitemap©IonLife 2002-2019 - For USA and International Enquiries 1(775) 324-2400 24/7