http://www.lampsplus.com/help-and-policies/faq/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Free Shipping on Most Orders*
Stores
Locate a Store
Find
View All Stores
Inspiration
Room Inspiration
Ideas & Advice
Lighting Catalog
Sign In
Contact Us
800-782-1967
|
Open Box
|Search with photoUpload
Saved
Wish List
()
Saved Rooms
()
Cart
Need Help? 800-782-1967
Chandeliers
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
Modern Chandeliers
Crystal Chandeliers
Kitchen Island Lights
Farmhouse Chandeliers
Mini Chandeliers
Dining - Living Room
Entryway
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendants
Mini Pendants
Kitchen Pendants
Pendant Chandeliers
Design Your Own Pendant Light
Light Bulbs >
All Light Bulbs
More To Consider
Chandelier Shades
Lighting Fixtures
Pool Table Lights
Ceiling Medallions
Dimmers & Controls
Lighting Collections
Ceiling Lights
Close to Ceiling Lights >
All Close to Ceiling Lights
Flushmount
Semi-Flushmount
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendant Lights
Mini-Pendants
Swag Lights
Kitchen Pendants
Track Lighting >
All Track Lighting
Complete Track Kits
Monorail Systems
Recessed Lighting >
All Recessed Lighting
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
More To Consider
Kitchen Lighting
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Lighting Collections
Table & Floor Lamps
Table Lamps >
All Table Lamps
Table Lamp Sets
Tiffany Style Table Lamps
Art Shade Table Lamps
Desk Lamps >
All Desk Lamps
Task Lighting
LED Desk Lamps
Swing Arm
Floor Lamps >
All Floor Lamps
Task Floor Lamps
Torchieres
Arc Lamps
Swing Arm Floor Lamps
Floor Lamps with Tables
Art Shade Floor Lamps
Lamp Shades >
All Lamp Shades
Art Shades
Up Lights - Clip Lights >
All Up - Clip Lights
More To Consider
Color Plus Lighting
Custom Photo Lighting
Novelty Lamps
Lighting Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Light Bulbs
Wall Lights
Bathroom Vanity Lighting >
All Bathroom Vanity Lights
Under Cabinet Lights >
All Under Cabinet Lights
Picture Lights >
All Picture Lights
Sconces >
All Sconces
Wall Lamps >
All Wall Lamps
Swing Arm Lamps
Art Shade Wall Lamps
More To Consider
Wall Mirrors
Bathroom Vanities
Night Lights
Lighting Accessories
Glass Shades
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Lighting >
All Outdoor Lights
Wall Lights
Post Lights
LED Outdoor Lighting
Hanging Lights
Ceiling Lights
Party & String Lights
Landscape Lighting >
All Landscape Lighting
LED Landscape Lights
Path Lighting
Solar Landscape Lights
Landscape Lighting Kits
Outdoor Security Lighting >
All Security Lights
Motion Sensor Lights
More For Outdoor
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Furniture
Barbeque Lights
Fire Pits
Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans >
All Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans with Lights
Ceiling Fans without Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Hugger - Flush Mount
Large Ceiling Fans
More To Consider
Fan Light Kits
Glass Shades for Fans
Bathroom Exhaust Fans
Desk and Floor Fans
Furniture
Seating >
All Seating
Barstools
Sofas
Sectionals
Accent Chairs
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Recliners
Ottomans
Tables >
All Tables
Accent Tables
Sofa - Console Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Desks
Beds >
All Beds
Headboards
Cabinets & Chests
>
All Cabinets & Chests
Chests
Bathroom Vanities
Entertainment Centers
Mirrored Furniture
Outdoor Furniture >
Outdoor Furniture Sets
Outdoor Seating
Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Benches
Fire Pits & Fire Tables
Furniture By Room
Living - Family Room
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Kitchen
Bathroom
Home Office
Mirrors & Décor
Mirrors >
Wall Mirrors
Vanity Mirrors
Wall Art - Wall Décor >
Prints
Canvas and Giclee Prints
Metal Wall Art
Sculptures >
Indoor Sculptures
Outdoor Sculptures
Home Accessories >
Clocks
Candleholders
Vases
Floral
Frames
Fountains >
Indoor Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Pillows & Textiles >
Decorative Pillows
Decorative Throws
Area Rugs >
All Area Rugs
Fire Pits >
All Fire Pits
More Décor
Bed and Bath
Outdoor Décor
Dining & Entertaining
Sale
Sale
Daily Sales
Clearance
Open Box
Image Search
Search for an item using a photo!
Start
Try Again
Lamps Plus
/
Help, Policies & FAQ
/
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Find Answers to Frequently Asked Questions
Here are some of the most frequently asked questions about LampsPlus.com.
If you are a member of our Lamps Plus Professionals program, please click here for Lamps Plus Professionals Info.
Shipping & Delivery
How are the shipping costs calculated?
How does your free shipping work?
How does the delivery service for Howard Miller work?
What is White Glove Delivery?
What is Blanket Wrap Delivery?
What is Threshold Delivery?
What is FedEx SmartPost?
How does your Store Pick Up policy work?
What kind of packing materials does Lamps Plus use?
Returns & Replacements
What is your returns policy?
Do you carry lamp parts?
How does your "no restocking fee" policy work?
Payment
Why is there sales tax when I purchase online?
What kind of credit card payments do you accept?
What other payment options are available?
Do you have a minimum order policy?
When and how do you charge my card? What is an "authorization hold"?
Pricing & Warranties
How does your 120% Price Protection Policy work?
What are the terms and conditions for the 120% Price Protection Policy?
What is your quality assurance guarantee?
What is your warranty policy?
What is Comparable Value?
Gift Cards, Rewards, Promotion & Sales
How do your coupon promotions work?
Do you offer gift cards?
How does the Lamps Plus Rewards Program work?
How does your sale pricing work?
Miscellaneous
How does your text a store service work?
Do you have lighting stores in the Midwest or on the East Coast?
Do you issue catalogs?
Why do you need my email address?
Do your products work overseas?
Where can I view energy information for ceiling fans?
I don't see my question listed here!
Help, Policies & FAQs
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Disclosure on Transparency in Supply Chains
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How to Shop Lamps Plus
Lamps Plus Pros Info
Lamp Plus Hospitality Info
About Hospitality Grade
Lamps Plus Rewards
Our 120% Price Protection Policy
Pricing & Product Information
Return Policy
Sale Terms & Conditions
Shipping and Delivery
Blanket Wrap Delivery
Gold White Glove Delivery
Howard Miller Delivery Service
Silver White Glove Delivery
Threshold Delivery
Terms of Use
Your Privacy and Security
Accessibility
Back To Top
Shipping & Delivery
How are the shipping costs calculated?
Lamps Plus shipping charges are based on the size, weight and destination zone of the product ordered. For any order under $50, a $5 shipping charge will be added. Express delivery or second day delivery is extra. For more information, contact our Customer Service department at 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120. To learn more about our shipping policy, click here.
How does your free shipping work?
We offer "free shipping" or "free shipping and free returns" on many of our products. "Free shipping" refers to standard shipping; express delivery and second day charges are extra. Our "free shipping and free returns" offer is available to the lower 48, continental U.S. states only, not available on orders to Hawaii, Alaska, Canada, Mexico or other international destinations. Products that ship by freight are not eligible for free shipping or free returns. "Free returns" does not apply to items with giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, or certain products with designer shades. To read more about our shipping policy, click here.
How Does the Delivery Service for Howard Miller Furniture and Clocks Work?
Howard Miller brand furniture and clocks use a special delivery service for orders shipped in the US. This service includes delivery by two delivery people who will take the furniture piece or clock up a maximum of two flights of stairs, position the furniture or clock as desired and remove all packing materials. Read a full description here.
What is White Glove Delivery?
Our White Glove Delivery service is a special service for the home delivery of our oversized furniture, special order furniture, and other related products shipped in the continental US. Not all furniture items on our website ship via White Glove Delivery; items that do will be indicated in your shopping cart, or you can call us for more information. We offer two types of White Glove Delivery service: Silver White Glove Delivery and Gold White Glove Delivery. We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Learn more about these services on our Shipping and Delivery page.
What is Blanket Wrap Delivery?
White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery is a special service required for the home delivery of certain made-to-order, fully assembled furniture that is unboxed and shipped in the continental US. Items shipped via White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery are carefully wrapped in packing blankets and hand-delivered by white glove professionals. Service also includes placement of the item/s inside your home or office, and the unwrapping and removal of any packing material. There may be additional charges if the delivery has to go up or down more than one level in the home, requires the use of an elevator, or if the driver is unable to access your neighborhood with a standard delivery vehicle. Delivery time is 2 to 4 weeks from the shipment date, but may be more in the holiday season. We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Learn more about these services on our Shipping and Delivery page.
What is Threshold Delivery?
Some furniture and oversized items will ship by Threshold Delivery, in which delivered items shipped in the contiguous US will be brought into the entry or foyer of your home. Some items, because of size or weight, may only be able to be delivered to the garage, porch, or the first dry area of your home. We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Learn more about these services on our Shipping and Delivery page.
What is FedEx SmartPost?
FedEx SmartPost is a service from FedEx that uses the United States Postal Service® (USPS) for final delivery of low-weight packages. It is a cost-effective shipping method that allows us to offer free shipping on a wide range of product designs. We use FedEx SmartPost in certain instances to ship to the continental U.S., Alaska and Hawaii. For more information, please see the FedEx SmartPost website.
How does your Store Pick Up policy work?
We offer a "buy online, pick up in store" option for many of our products that allows you pick up your order at the store location of your choice. To do this, simply click on the "Store Pick Up" option that appears on either the Product Page or the cart checkout page and fill in the necessary information. When your order has arrived at the store, you will receive an email confirmation that it is ready for pickup. Please wait for the pickup confirmation email before going to the store location.
What kind of packing materials does Lamps Plus use?
We are committed to using eco-friendly packing solutions whenever possible. We use air-filled pillow bags that efficiently pack into boxed shipments and reduce the amount of packing material needed for each order. We also use 100 percent biodegradable starch pellets as packing materials. These static-free pellets have the look of the old-fashioned plastic packing peanuts, but are made to degrade quickly in landfills and are completely petroleum, CFC and HCFC free.
Back To Top
Returns & Replacements
What is your returns policy?
If for any reason you are unsatisfied with a purchase, it can be returned within 60 days of the date you receive it. Absolutely no returns or exchanges will be made after 60 days.
To ensure that your return is processed accurately and promptly, please first call us. Customers can reach us at 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
A Customer Service Specialist will provide you a Return Merchandise Authorization for you to write on the pre-printed address label at the bottom of the Returns form included with your boxed order.
Please note the following:
All returns must be made with a Return Merchandise Authorization number.
Furniture and rug purchases cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus store location; they must be shipped back to our warehouse.
All returned items must be sent back to us using the original shipping boxes and packing materials.
Installed products with cut wires or loose crystal will be subject to a $50 fee.
Sales of clearance items, giclée items personalized with uploaded photos, and custom made-to-order items are final.
Some product categories may include free return shipping; this offer applies only to the 48 continental US states and may exclude certain items with designer and giclée shades and items that ship by freight. White Glove and Threshold orders must be returned within 10 days.
To read more about our returns policy, click here.
Do you carry lamp parts?
We offer lamp shades and accessories for sale, but, generally speaking, we do not carry lamp parts. In some instances, however, there may be some replacement parts available for items we normally stock. Contact us and talk with a Lighting & Home Décor Consultants to learn more. If we do not have a part in stock we will gladly refer you to a vendor that carries it.
How does your "no restocking fee" policy work?
Lamps Plus will not charge a restocking fee on items that are in-stock and purchased from a Lamps Plus store, in-store kiosk or online at LampsPlus.com. This includes items depicted in a Lamps Plus print catalog and other printed advertising materials.
Lamps Plus will apply a restocking fee to items that are selected from vendor catalogs and special ordered. Special ordered items that are returned or cancelled are subject to a restocking fee of 20% of the item price.
White Glove Delivery items are also subject to a restocking fee of 10% of the item price.
Please note that all returned merchandise must be in the original packaging. Merchandise returned with cut wires or loose crystal will be subject to a $50 fee. For more information, view our complete returns policy.
Back To Top
Payment
Why is there sales tax when I purchase online?
Lamps Plus is required by certain states to charge sales tax on online orders. Sales tax will be automatically added to the shopping cart. Please note that we do not add sales tax unless we are required by law to do so.
Alabama customers please note: Seller has collected the simplified sellers use tax on transaction(s) delivered into Alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the Alabama Department of Revenue. Seller's program account number is SSU- R010068698.
What kind of credit card payments do you accept?
Lamps Plus accepts American Express, Visa, Master Card, and Discover credit cards for online purchases on LampsPlus.com.
What other payment options are available?
PayPal is available as a payment option at checkout. Personal checks, purchase orders and money orders are also accepted, but you must first call in your order to 800-782-1967. For personal checks, purchase orders and money orders, please note that we cannot ship your purchases until these funds clear our bank, a process which may add additional time to your order. Purchase orders must be faxed to us at 818-341-1618 with the original signature attached, then the form must be mailed to us to complete final processing. Mail to: Lamps Plus, Internet Department, Purchase Orders, 20250 Plummer Street, Chatsworth, CA 91311.
Do you have a minimum order policy?
We require a minimum online order of $10 at LampsPlus.com. The vast majority of our items are more than $10 so this usually isn't a problem, but for smaller items, we need a minimum dollar amount in order to meet minimum shipping and handling charges.
When and how do you charge my card? What is an "authorization hold"?
If you are paying by credit card or debit card, an authorization will be placed on your card to hold funds for the amount of your order.
This authorization hold means you cannot use the amount of funds needed for your order total, but the funds have been reserved for us, but not yet been transferred to us. This hold ensures that the funds will be available on your account when your order is processed. Depending on how long it takes for your order to ship it may be necessary to process a new authorization hold.
Most authorization holds last from 3 to 7 days, but may vary depending on the bank or financial institution you are using. For specific information please contact your card-issuing bank or institution for its policy.
As your merchandise leaves our warehouse, we'll charge the form of payment that you used when placing your order and will send you a shipping confirmation email. Your card will only be charged when your order ships and you will only be charged once for what you have ordered.
Back To Top
Pricing & Warranties
How does your 120% Price Protection Policy work?
We want you to shop Lamps Plus with the confidence that we offer the best prices anywhere!
If within 60 days of your purchase, you find the identical product advertised for less by one of our competitors, we will match that price and refund to you 20% of the price difference! Please note, price comparisons using different systems of currency are excluded. For a complete description, see our Price Protection Policy page.
What are the terms and conditions for the 120% Price Protection Policy?
Find a complete description with terms and conditions on our Price Protection Policy page.
What is your quality assurance guarantee?
The Lamps Plus, Inc. Quality Assurance Program is a vital part of our corporate policy and store operations and is fully supported by senior management. Our organization is committed to an effective product safety program that ensures that our stores and products meet established standards for safety, quality and value. Lamps Plus, Inc. offers quality products that meet or exceed product requirements established by applicable government agencies and our Quality Assurance department. Suppliers and products are evaluated for compliance with company standards and regulatory requirements through vendor audits and product inspections on an ongoing basis. The Quality Assurance department investigates customer concerns and initiates the appropriate follow-up and response action. If you have any questions, or to send us a comment, email us.
What is your warranty policy?
Lamps Plus, Inc. proudly stands behind the products we sell. The Lamps Plus One-Year Warranty states that we will repair or, at our option, replace at no charge, your purchase within one year of the purchase date should you discover any defect in materials or workmanship.
This warranty does not cover defects, including breakage or malfunctions, caused by your mishandling or use of the product in ways other than specified by the manufacturer. Light bulbs included with product are not covered by this warranty. Ceiling fans and furniture products are covered by the manufacturer's warranty included in their packaging. The furniture we sell is for residential use only, and is not designed, manufactured, or recommended for use in a commercial or non-residential setting.
This warranty extends the manufacturer's warranty by one year, excluding any electronic components, remote controls, or any in-home warranties. To obtain service for an item under warranty, please bring the product, your original receipt and this warranty to your closest Lamps Plus store, or contact our Customer Service department at 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120. All items must be brought into a Lamps Plus Store or returned to Lamps Plus for service.
In no event shall Lamps Plus, Inc. be liable for incidental damages. Some states do not allow limitations for how long an implied warranty lasts or the exclusion may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, which may vary from state to state. Please keep your original receipt with this warranty. If you have any questions, or to send us a comment related to our One-Year Warranty program, please use our contact us page.
Unless specifically noted, the lighting, furniture and other products we sell is for residential use only, and is not designed, manufactured, or recommended for use in a commercial or non-residential setting. For information about commercial grade designs, please contact our Lamps Plus Hospitality division.
What is Comparable Value?
Some product identifies a "Comparable Value" with a reference price. Please note that these references are for items that are exclusive to Lamps Plus, and which are manufactured and produced directly for Lamps Plus. By taking a link out of the retail chain, Lamps Plus can offer you a significant savings compared to similar brand name items. Lamps Plus believes that similar products are offered by other retailers at or about the "Comparable Value" price listed on the signs. However, we invite customers to shop our competitors and compare the value listed for the particular item and decide for themselves. Please note that the “Comparable Value” reference price is not an original price amount and does not refer to a price at which Lamps Plus has sold the item in question.
Back To Top
Gift Cards, Rewards, Promotion & Sales
How do your coupon promotions work?
Simply enter the Lamps Plus coupon code in your shopping cart at checkout. Your cart will update with the promotion specific to your code. Offers are generally valid on regular priced, in-stock merchandise only; not valid on special orders or previous orders. Offers may not be combined with any other discount offer or mark-down pricing. Minimum purchase requirement excludes shipping and applicable taxes. One coupon per customer, one time use only. Offers are non-transferable and not redeemable for cash or gift certificates. In the ceiling fan category, coupons are valid only on Casa Vieja brand fans. In the event that an item purchased using a dollar off coupon is returned, the discount value shall be forfeited on the refunded amount. Coupons may be valid specifically for online or offline purchase only. Please check the terms and conditions specific to your code. For more information, contact our Customer Service department at 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
Do you offer gift cards?
We offer Store Gift Cards that are available for purchase at any Lamps Plus store location. These cards are redeemable at any Lamps Plus store for merchandise and are available in any amount. Please note that Store Gift Cards are not available for use online at this time.
Have a store gift card and need to check your balance? Visit our Gift Card page.
How does the Lamps Plus Rewards Program work?
Join the Lamps Plus Rewards program at any Lamps Plus lighting store. This optional program gives you a Free 1-Year Warranty on all purchases, a Digital Receipt sent with the warranty via email on all your store purchases, money saving coupons, 10% off all in-store clearance items and more.
Don't live in a store area? Join our mailing list to get special offers, sale notices and more by email.
Read for more information and our Rewards Program Privacy Policy.
How does your sale pricing work?
Sale pricing is listed online and is valid only through the dates displayed on individual product pages. Please note that quantities may be limited, and that offers are good only on in-stock merchandise. Sale pricing is first come, first served, and no rain-checks will be issued. The pricing is not valid on special orders, previous orders or with other coupons or discounts, and other restrictions may apply. We also list sale pricing in emails, catalogs and other printed materials. Typographic, photographic and/or descriptive errors both in print and online are subject to correction. Please contact us if you have any questions about a sale price.
Back To Top
Miscellaneous
How does your text a store service work?
Each of our Lamps Plus stores has a text number that you can use to get fast answers about product availability, product features and other questions. Text messages received after store hours will be answered the next business day. We will only text back responses to your questions; you will not receive promotional texts from us. Message and data rates from your mobile carrier may apply.
Do you have lighting stores in the Midwest or on the East Coast?
Lamps Plus is the largest retail lighting company in the United States, with over 40 years of lighting and interior design expertise and dozens of store locations in California, Oregon, Washington State, Colorado, Arizona, Texas and Nevada. At this time we have no retail stores located in the Midwest, East Coast or Canada. However, our website lists all our designs for sale, with the goal to provide top brands in lighting and home décor. Visit our site to browse our wide selection of top lighting and home furnishing designs or call to speak with a professional Lighting & Home Décor Consultant. We’re happy to help!
Do you issue catalogs?
We are happy to mail catalogs to addresses in the United States, US Territories and APO/FPO addresses! Request a Catalog
Why do you need my email address?
When you place an order, you will receive an email confirmation listing what was ordered, the shipping address, your payment method and a unique order ID. Your full credit card information is never sent in any correspondence from us. You will also receive a second email telling you when your order ships, which will include carrier tracking numbers. Lamps Plus will never sell or distribute your email address. Click here to read our full privacy policy.
Do your products work internationally?
Electrical products and bulbs sold through LampsPlus.com and Lamps Plus retail stores are designed for use on the North American 110-volt system only. Items with cords and plugs use Type A or Type B North American plugs.
Where can I view energy information for ceiling fans?
We display the energy information on each ceiling fan product page. Look for the yellow "Energy Guide" logo under Product Details. For more information, read our Energy Efficient Ceiling Fans article.
I don't see my question listed here!
Not to worry! Our Lighting & Home Décor Consultants are available by phone, email or online chat to help you with your questions. To place an order or if you have questions about our products, please call us at 800-782-1967. For questions about existing orders or for policy questions, please call 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, please call 800-304-8120. Thank you!
Back To Top
View All
Our Company
About Lamps Plus
Contact Us
Trade Program
Careers
Privacy Policy
Our Stores
Store Locator
Curbside Pickup
Lighting Design Services
New Homeowner Savings
Help
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQs
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Resources
Ideas and Advice
Catalogs
Manage Account
Accessibility
Rate Us
Stay Connected
Great deals & inspiration to your inbox!
#MYLAMPSPLUS
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Houzz
Youtube
800-782-1967
Email Us
Discount Pricing for the Trade
Contract Lighting for Hotels & More
The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer
© 2020 Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Site Map
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info. See our policy. | CA Transparency Act
*Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight, oversized items and Open Box items. Free Returns applies only to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous United States and is valid on select items; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades.
Free Shipping on Most Orders
Only $5.00 shipping on orders $49.00 and under.
Plus Free Returns on 1,000s of Products
Terms & Conditions apply