http://www.h2oplus.com/pages/privacy
YOUR CART
| 0 |
free shipping
+ Apply promo code
ESTIMATED TOTAL
0
CONTINUE
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated and effective date:
March
19, 2020
This privacy policy describes how
H2O Plus LLC
. (“
H2O+
”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and protects personal information. It also tells you about the rights and choices you have with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. You can click on the following links to go directly to the corresponding sections of this privacy policy.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
What We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
How We Protect Your Information
Your Choices
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries
Communicating With Us
Changes To This Policy
Information for California Residents
.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers the “personal information” that
H2O+
obtains about you in various contexts, both online and offline, including when you visit our website
.
communicate with us, or participate in any of our programs or events. When we use the term “personal information” we are referring to information that identifies, relates to, describes or can be associated with you. Our websites may include links to third party websites and/or applications. Please note that we have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
What We Collect
The following are examples of the types of personal information that we collect and how we use that information:
Activity
Examples of Personal Information Collected
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use
Account Registration
When you create an account, we collect your name and e-mail address. We may also collect your birthday and zip code if you choose to provide it. You can choose to save certain information in your account to use for future purchases, such as your shipping addresses and payment information (“Card On File”). When you add a Card On File to your account, we collect your payment information details, billing address, phone number, and zip code.
We use this information to maintain your account, including offering functionalities such as easy checkout and the ability to save user preferences and transaction history.
Subscription
Program
When you join the
Subscription
Program, we collect your name, the month and day of your birthday, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address
,
and credit card.
We use this information to administer the
Subscription
program and to perform our contract to provide you with the benefits associated with the program. We also use this information to detect security incidents and to protect against malicious, deceptive, or fraudulent activity in connection with
Subscription
Program terms and conditions.
Browsing Activity and Website Usage
When you visit our website, we collect certain information about how you use and navigate our website, such as which links you click on, which pages or content you view, and other similar information or statistics. We also collect technical information about your device, operating systems, and web browser type.
We use this information to understand how you use our website, to determine which of our products or services are the most popular, and to improve our website . We also use this information to personalize your experience, to save you time when you visit our website and to customize the marketing and advertising that we show you.
Communications With Us
When you communicate with us, including contacting us for support, to provide feedback or comments, to participate in a survey, or to make a request or other inquiry, we will collect your name and contact information (such as e-mail address or phone number), as well as any other information that you choose to provide to us. In some cases, we record customer service calls for quality assurance.
We use this information to respond to and/or follow-up on your issues or feedback, and to provide information in response to you requests and inquiries.
Happening at
H2O+
When you RSVP for one of our events, we collect your contact information.
We use this information to send you messages about
the upcoming
event.
Job Applications
If you apply for a job posting, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security number. Providing this information is required for employment.
We use this information to make decisions about recruitment and in anticipation of a contract of employment.
Posting in Public Forums
If you choose to submit or post information in a public space on our websites, or on our social media pages, such as creating a public profile, using our Ratings & Reviews feature to share product reviews or leaving a testimonial about a
H2O+
influencer, we collect the information you share.
We use this information to understand your opinions and to provide a forum for discussion, asking questions, posting photos and reviews, and sharing experiences.
Promotional Communications
When you sign up to receive promotional communications from us, such as e-mail communications, mobile messages (including text and/or push notifications), and postal mailings, we collect your contact information. We may also collect certain information about how you interact with the e-mails and promotional messages we send you.
We use this information to communicate with you and send promotional materials such as trend alerts, promotions, new product launches, and event invitations. We also use this information to understand how you interact with our communications with you.
Purchasing (Online and In Stores)
When you place an order for a product or
H2O+
service
on our website or by phone, we collect your name, shipping address, payment information, and billing address. When you make a purchase in one of our stores, we collect your payment information, and in some cases your phone number and e-mail address.
We use this information to fulfill your orders for products or services, and to process your payments for such products or services. We also use this information to provide you receipts and order updates.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions
When you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or other similar campaign or promotion, we collect your name, contact information, and in some cases limited demographic information and content generated by participants. Some campaigns and promotions have a social networking component where you can choose to submit additional information such as social media profiles and handles, photographs, and other content.
We use this information to administer our sweepstakes, contests, and other similar promotions. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes.
In addition to the personal information we collect from you directly, we may also obtain information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources. For example, if you have given
H2O+
permission to store your credit card information and your credit card issuer provides an account updater service, we may receive updated credit card information (including credit card number and expiration date) from the credit card issuer.
How We Use Your Personal Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use personal information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our website.
To fulfill your requests, such as to provide you with products and services or to process returns.
To communicate with you about our products, services, sales, offers, and promotions.
To conduct research and analytics, including improving our services and product offerings.
To send marketing and advertising communications.
To detect security incidents, and to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including attempts to manipulate or violate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions.
To comply with legal obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legal claim.
To support core business functions, including to maintain records related to business process management, loss and fraud prevention, and to collect amounts owing to us.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your personal information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase, we collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order after your transaction is complete.
How We Share Your Personal Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this privacy policy, we disclose personal information in the following circumstances:
Corporate affiliates.
We may share personal information with our corporate affiliates, including our parent company, sister companies and subsidiaries.
Service Providers.
We share certain personal information with third parties that perform services to support our core business functions and internal operations (e.g., fulfilling orders, delivering packages, complying with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary, sending postal mail and e-mails, analyzing customer data, providing marketing assistance, administering our Ratings & Reviews, supporting beacons, processing credit card and debit card payments, investigating fraudulent activity, conducting customer surveys, and providing customer service).
Third Party Partners.
We may share your personal information with third parties that we have partnered with to jointly create and offer a product, service or joint promotion. If you decide to obtain a product or service that is offered by these third party partners, the information you provide will be shared with us and them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Social Media Platforms and Networks.
Some of our websites have features such as, plugins, widgets, or and other tools made available by third parties that may result in information being collected or shared between us and the third party. For example, if you use Facebook’s “Like” feature, Facebook may register the fact that you “liked” a product and may post that information on Facebook. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Public Forums.
Our website
provide
s
the opportunity to post content in a public forum. For example,
H2O+
’s
website allows you
to provide Ratings & Reviews,
ask and answer questions,
and to receive product recommendations. If you decide to submit information in these public forums, that information will be publicly available.
Legal Process.
We may disclose personal information in response to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, government inquiries or investigations, or to comply with relevant laws and regulations. We may also disclose information to establish, exercise, or protect the rights of our company, employees, agents, and affiliates; to defend against a legal claim; to protect the safety and security of our visitors; to detect and protect against fraud; and to take action regarding possible illegal activities or violations of our policies.
Business Transfers.
We may share personal information with another company that buys some, or all, of the assets or stock of
H2O+
, and that company may use and disclose personal information for purposes similar to what is described in this policy.
H2O+
may also share personal information with prospective purchasers to evaluate the proposed transaction.
Other Instances.
We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other third parties who are not described elsewhere in this privacy policy.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We realize that individuals trust us to protect their personal information. We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to help protect your personal information. While we attempt to protect your personal information in our possession, no method of transmission over the internet, or security system is perfect, and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances.
For your convenience, our website include
s
functionality that allows you to remain logged in so that you do not have to re-enter your password each time you want to access your account. If you choose to remain logged in, you should be aware that anyone with access to your device will be able to access and make changes to your account and may be able to make purchases through your account. For that reason, if you choose to remain logged in, we strongly recommend that you take appropriate steps (such as enabling the “Passcode Lock” security feature on your mobile device) to protect against unauthorized access to and use of your account. Please also notify us as soon as possible if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or password.
Your Choices
You have the following choices regarding your personal information:
Your Options
What you need to do
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may request access to your personal information by completing and submitting a
Request Form
or by calling
800-242-2284.
If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information we have about you.
Updating Information Relating to Your Account
If you have created an account, you can update your name, e-mail address, security questions, and other preferences by logging into your account and clicking on the “My Account” page. You may also contact us to update your information by calling
800-242-2284
If you have given
H2O+
permission to store your credit card information and you don’t want merchants like
H2O+
to receive your updated credit card information through your credit card issuer’s account updater service, please contact your card issuer.
Deleting of Your Personal Information
Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request that we delete your personal information by
emailing hello@h2oplus.com
or by calling
800-242-2284
. If required by law, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, to protect against fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, or for another one of our business purposes.
Receiving Communications From Us
E-mails.
You may choose to provide us with your e-mail address for the purpose of allowing us to send you free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials. You can stop receiving promotional e-mails at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link
or the Manage Preferences link
at the bottom of any promotional e-mail that you receive. Please call
800-242-2284.
H2O+
to discontinue receiving material by mail. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service
-
related communications.
Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Removing Content From
H2O+
Public Forums
You can request that we remove content or information that you have posted on a public page on some of our websites (such as part of a Ratings & Review
)
by e-mailing details to Customer Service at
hello@h2oplus.com
. Please note that while we will endeavor to honor your request, our removal of your content or information does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that information from our website. For example, historical copies, or “caches,” may remain.
Transmission of Information to Other Countries
H2O+
is located in the United States and our service providers may be located in the United States or other countries. As a result, your personal information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your personal information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.
Communicating With Us
If you have any questions about our privacy or security practices, you can contact
H2O+
’s General Counsel by mail, telephone, or e-mail:
H2O Plus LLC
Legal Department, Privacy
727 Sansome St, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 941
11
800-242-2284
hello@h2oplus.com
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail.
Changes To This Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting the effective date of the latest version at the top of this privacy policy.
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of personal information are collected, “sold,” or shared for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of personal information that we collect and share
here
. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself. In addition, if you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes, please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Communicating With Us" section above.
If you are a
H2O+
client and would like to request access to or deletion of your personal information, please
email
hello@h2oplus.com
or
call 800-242-2284
. Your right to access, correct, or delete your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. In order for us to process requests to access or delete your information, we will need to verify your identity to confirm that the request came from you. We may contact you by phone or e-mail to verify your request. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, e-mail address that you have used with
H2O+
, or a phone number you have used with
H2O+
. For certain requests, we may also ask you to provide details about the most recent purchase you made online. In some cases, you may use an authorized agent to submit a request to access your information or delete your information. To designate an agent for these purposes, you must: (1) provide us with a copy of a written and signed permission given to your authorized agent; and (2) verify your own identity directly with us. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this privacy policy.
Cookie Settings