https://www.chesterboot.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.chesterboot.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We collect information about you during the form submission process on our site.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Form Fields Data: Forms Fields data includes the available field types when creating a form. We’ll use this to, for example, collect informations like Name, Email and other available fields.
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like geolocating users and reducing fraudulent activities.
Transaction Details: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, provide subscription packs, and keep track of your payment details for subscription packs!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of form elements while you’re browsing our site.
When you fill up a form, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, address, email, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password and any other form fields available in the form builder. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including transaction details and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our site
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our form offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
Or any other service the built form was created to comply with and it’s necessary information
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the form fields for future submissions.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store form submission information for XXX years for geolocating and marketting purposes. This includes your name, address, email, phone number.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Editors can access:
Form submission information and other details related to it
Customer information like your name, email and address information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill entries and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example —
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Available Modules
We send beautiful email through MailChimp. When processing emails, some of your data will be passed to MailChimp, including information required to process or support the email marketing services, such as the name, email address and any other information that you intend to pass or collect including all collected information through subscription.
Please see the MailChimp Privacy Policy for more details.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Chester Boot Shop Inc.
28037 Gratiot Ave
Roseville, MI 48066
586-779-6103
info@chesterbot.com
How we protect your data
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Really Simple SSL and Really Simple SSL add-ons do not process any personal identifiable information, so the GDPR does not apply to these plugins or usage of these plugins on your website. You can find our privacy policy here.