http://www.rfsolutions.co.uk/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
For more information, please see our
Cookies Page.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Please Note: Current delays on ALL NEXT DAY deliveries -
APC Couriers are currently working with Skeleton staff - therefore there maybe a delay on your order.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsTERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE 1. INTERPRETATION 1.1. In these Conditions: ‘BUYER’ means the person who accepts a quotation of the Seller for the sale of the Goods and/or the Services or whose order for the Goods and/or the Services is accepted by the Seller. ‘GOODS’ means any goods (including any installment of the goods or any parts for them) which the Seller is to supply in accordance with these Conditions ‘SELLER’ means RF Solutions Limited. ‘CONDITIONS’ means the standard terms and conditions of sale set out in this document and (unless the context otherwise requires) includes any special terms and conditions agreed in writing between the Buyer and the Seller ‘CONTRACT’ means the contract for the purchase and sale of the Goods and/or the Services. ‘SERVICES’ means any services which the seller is to provide in accordance with these conditions ‘WRITING’ includes telex, cable, facsimile transmission and comparable means of communication. 1.2. Any reference in these Conditions to any provision of a statute shall be construed as a reference to that provision as amended, re-enacted or extended at the relevant time. 1.3. The headings in these Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation. 2. BASIS OF THE SALE 2.1. The Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall purchase the Goods and/or the Services and the Seller shall supply and the Buyer shall purchase the Goods and/or the Services in accordance with any written quotation of the Seller which is accepted by the Buyer, or any written order of the Buyer which is accepted by the Seller, subject in either case to these Conditions, which shall govern the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions subject to which any such quotation is accepted or purported to be accepted, or any such order is made or purported to be made, by the Buyer. 2.2. No variation to these Conditions shall be binding unless agreed in Writing between the authorised representatives of the Buyer and the Seller. 2.3. The Seller’s employees or agents are not authorised to make any representations concerning the Goods and/or the Services unless confirmed by the Seller in Writing. In entering into the contract the Buyer acknowledges that it does not rely on, and waives any claim for breach of, any such representations which are not so confirmed. 2.4. Any advice or recommendation given by the Seller or its employees or agents to the Buyer or its employees or agents as to the storage, application or use of the Goods and/or the Services which is not confirmed in Writing by the Seller is followed or acted upon entirely at the Buyer’s own risk, and accordingly the Seller shall not be liable for any such advice or recommendation which is not so confirmed. 2.5. Any typographical, clerical or other error or omission in any sales literature, quotation, price list, acceptance offer, invoice or other document or information issued by the Seller shall be subject to correction without any liability on the part of the Seller. 3. ORDERS AND SPECIFICATIONS 3.1. No order submitted by the Buyer shall be deemed to be accepted by the Seller unless and until confirmed in Writing by the Seller’s authorised representative. 3.2. The Buyer shall be responsible to the Seller for ensuring the accuracy of the terms of any order (including any applicable specification) submitted by the Buyer, and for giving the Seller any necessary information relating to the Goods and/or the Services within a sufficient time to enable the Seller to perform the Contract in accordance with its terms. 3.3. The quantity, quality and description of and any specification for the Goods and/or the Services shall be those set out in the Seller’s quotation (if accepted by the Buyer) or the Buyer’s order (if accepted by the Seller). 3.4. If the Goods and/or the Services are to be manufactured or any process is to be applied to the Goods and/or the Services by the Seller in accordance with a specification submitted by the Buyer, the Buyer shall indemnify the Seller against all loss, damages, costs and expenses awarded against or incurred by the Seller in connection with or paid or agreed to be paid by the Seller in settlement of any claim for infringement of any patent, copyright, design, trade mark or other industrial or intellectual property rights of any other person which results from the Seller’s use of the Buyer’s specification. 3.5. The Seller reserves the right to make any changes in the specification of the Goods and/or the Services which are required to conform with any applicable safety or other statutory requirements or, where the Goods and/or the Services are to be supplied to the Seller’s specification, which do not materially affect their quality or performance. 3.6. No order which has been accepted by the Seller may be cancelled by the Buyer except with the agreement in Writing of the Seller and on terms that the Buyer shall indemnify the Seller in full against all loss (including loss of profit), costs (including the cost of all labour and materials used), damages, charges and expenses incurred by the Seller as a result of cancellation. 4. PRICE 4.1. The price of the Goods and/or Services shall be the Seller’s quoted price or, where no price has been quoted (or a quoted price is no longer valid), the price listed in the Seller’s published price list current at the date of acceptance of the order. Where the Goods and/or the services are supplied for export from the United Kingdom, the Seller’s published export price list shall apply. All prices quoted are valid for 30 days only or until earlier acceptance by the Buyer, after which time they may be altered by the Seller without giving notice to the Buyer. 4.2. The Seller reserves the right, by giving notice to the Buyer at any time before delivery, to increase the price of the Goods and/or Services to reflect any increase in the cost to the Seller which is due to any factor beyond the control of the Seller (such as, without limitation, any foreign exchange fluctuation, currency regulation, alteration of duties, significant increase in the costs of labour, materials or other costs of manufacture), any change in delivery dates, quantities or specifications for the Goods and/or Services which is requested by the Buyer, or any delay caused by any instructions of the Buyer or failure of the Buyer to give the Seller adequate information or instructions. 4.3. Except as otherwise stated under the terms of any quotation or in any price list of the Seller, and unless otherwise agreed in Writing between the Buyer and the Seller, all prices are given by the Seller on an ex works basis, and where the Seller agrees to deliver the Goods and/or the Services otherwise than at the Seller’s premises, the Buyer shall be liable to pay the Seller’s charges for transport, packaging & insurance. 4.4. The price is exclusive of any applicable value added tax, which the Buyer shall be additionally liable to pay to the Seller. 4.5. The cost of pallets and returnable containers will be charged to the Buyer in addition to the price of the Goods, but full credit will be given to the Buyer provided they are returned undamaged to the Seller before the due payment date. 5. TERMS OF PAYMENT 5.1. Subject to any special terms agreed in Writing between the Buyer and the Seller, the Seller shall be entitled to invoice the Buyer for the price of the Goods and/or the Services on or at any time after delivery of the Goods or provision of the Services, unless the Goods and/or the Services are to be collected by the Buyer or the Buyer wrongfully fails to take delivery of the Goods and/or the Services, in which event the Seller shall be entitled to invoice the Buyer for the price at any time after the Seller has notified the Buyer that the Goods and/or the Services are ready for collection or (as the case may be) the Seller has tendered delivery of the Goods and/or the Services. 5.2. The Buyer shall pay the price of the Goods and/or the Services within 30 days of the date of the Seller’s invoice, unless otherwise agreed in writing, notwithstanding that delivery may not have taken place and the property in the Goods and/or the Services has not passed to the Buyer. The time of payment of the price shall be of the essence of the Contract. Receipts for payment will be issued only upon request. 5.3. If the Buyer fails to make any payment on the due date then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Seller, the Seller shall be entitled to: 5.4. cancel the contract or suspend any further deliveries to the Buyer; 5.5. appropriate any payment made by the Buyer to such of the Goods and/or the Services (or the goods or services supplied under any other contract between the Buyer and the Seller) as the Seller may think fit (notwithstanding any purported appropriation by the Buyer); and 5.6. charge the Buyer interest (both before and after any judgement) on the amount unpaid, at the rate of 4 per cent per annum above Barclays Bank plc base rate from time to time, until payment in full is made (a part of a month being treated as a full month for the purpose of calculating interest).5.7. Payment preferably made by bank transfer. We reserve the to apply an administration fee for any cheque receipts. 6. DELIVERY 6.1. Delivery of the Goods and/or the Services shall be made by the Buyer collecting the Goods and/or the Services at the Seller’s premises at any time after the Seller has notified the Buyer that the Goods and/or the Services are ready for collection or, if some other place for delivery is agreed by the Seller, by the Seller delivering the Goods and/or the Services to that place. 6.2. Delivery notes bearing the signature of the Buyer, his servant, agent or representative, shall be conclusive evidence of receipt of Goods and/or the Services described thereon. 6.3. Any dates quoted for delivery of the Goods and/or the Services are approximate only and the Seller shall not be liable for any delay in delivery of the Goods and/or the Services howsoever caused. Time for delivery shall not be of the essence unless previously agreed by the Seller in advance of the quoted delivery date upon giving reasonable notice to the Buyer. 6.4. Where the Goods and/or the Services are to be delivered in instalments, each delivery shall constitute a separate contract and failure by the Seller to deliver any one or more of the instalments in accordance with these Conditions or any claim by the Buyer in respect of any one or more instalments shall not entitle the Buyer to treat the Contract as a whole as repudiated. 6.5. If the Seller fails to deliver the Goods and/or the Services for any reason other than any cause beyond the Seller’s reasonable control or the Buyer’s fault, and the Seller is accordingly liable to the Buyer, the Seller’s liability shall be limited to the excess (if any) of the cost to the Buyer (in the cheapest available market) of similar Goods and/or Services to replace those not delivered over the price of the Goods and/or the Services. 6.6. If the Buyer fails to take delivery of the Goods and/or the Services or fails to give the Seller adequate delivery instructions at the time stated for delivery (otherwise than by reason of any cause beyond the Buyer’s reasonable control or by reason of the Seller’s fault) then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Seller, the Seller may: 6.7. store the Goods and/or the Services until actual delivery and charge the Buyer for the reasonable costs (including insurance) of storage; or 6.8. sell the Goods and/or the Services at the best price readily obtainable and (after deducting all reasonable storage and selling expenses) account to the Buyer for the excess over the price under the Contract or charge the Buyer for any shortfall below the price under the Contract. 6.9. Goods and/or Services supplied, may not be returned for credit without the Written consent of the Seller and any Goods and/or Services which are returned without such consent may be refused. A handling charged of upto 50% of the goods returned may be charged. 6.10. Goods and/or Services supplied which are static sensitive, and, consumable Goods supplied, except for when a fault is discovered which could not have been discovered otherwise than by unsealing the goods may not be returned. RISK AND PROPERTY 6.11. Risk of damage to or loss of the Goods and/or the Services shall pass to the Buyer: 6.12. in the case of Goods and/or Services to be delivered at the Seller’s premises, at the time when the Seller notifies the Buyer that the Goods and/or the Services are available for collection; or 6.13. in the case of Goods and/or Services to be delivered otherwise than at the Seller’s premises, at the time of delivery or, if the Buyer wrongfully fails to take delivery of the Goods and/or the Services, the time when the Seller has tendered delivery of the Goods and/or the Services. 6.14. Notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in the Goods and/or the Services, or any other provision of these Conditions, the property in the Goods and/or the Services shall not pass to the Buyer until the Seller has received in cash or cleared funds payment in full of the price of the Goods and/or the Services and all other Goods and/or Services agreed to be sold by the Seller to the Buyer for which payment is then due. 6.15. Until such time as the property in the Goods and/or Services passes to the Buyer, the Buyer shall hold the Goods and/or Services as the Seller’s fiduciary agent and bailee, and shall keep the Goods and/or the Services separate from those of the Buyer and third parties and properly stored, protected and insured and identified as the Seller’s property. Until that time the Buyer shall be entitled to resell or use the Goods and/or the Services in the ordinary course of its business, but shall account to the Seller for the proceeds of sale or otherwise of the Goods and/or the Services, whether tangible or intangible, including insurance proceeds, and shall keep all such proceeds separate from any moneys or property of the Buyer and third parties and, in the case of tangible proceeds, properly stored, protected and insured. 6.16. Until such time as the property in the Goods and/or the Services passes to the Buyer (and provided the Goods and/or the Services are still in existence and have not been resold), the Seller shall be entitled at any time to require the Buyer to deliver up the Goods and/or the Services to the Seller and, if the Buyer fails to do so forthwith, to enter upon any premises of the Buyer or any third party where the Goods and/or the Services are stored and repossess the Goods and/or the Services. 6.17. The Buyer shall not be entitled to pledge or in any way charge by way of security for any indebtedness any of the Goods and/or the Services which remain the property of the Seller but if the Buyer does so all moneys owing by the Buyer to the Seller shall (without prejudice to any other right or remedy of the Seller) forthwith become due and payable. 7. LIABILITY 7.1. Subject as expressly provided in these Conditions, and except where the Goods and/or the Services are sold to a person dealing as a consumer (within the meaning of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977), all warranties, conditions or other terms implied by statute or common law are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. 7.2. The Buyer shall test all Goods and/or Services supplied to ensure that they are of the quality and standard required by the Buyer, and the Buyer shall not engage in any production process of which the Goods and/or the Services(or any part of them) forms part until the Buyer has completed its investigations in this respect. 7.3. Any claim by the Buyer which is based on any defect in the quality or condition of the Goods and/or the Services or their failure to correspond with specification shall (whether or not delivery is refused by the Buyer) be notified to the Seller within 7 days from the date of delivery or (where the defect or failure was not apparent on reasonable inspection) within a reasonable time after discovery of the defect or failure. If delivery is not refused, and the Buyer does not notify the Seller accordingly, the Buyer shall not be entitled to reject the Goods and/or the Services and the Seller shall have no liability for such defect or failure, and the Buyer shall be bound to pay the price as if the Goods and/or the Services had been delivered in accordance with the Contract. 7.4. Where any valid claim in respect of any of the Goods and/or the Services which is based on any defect in the quality or condition of the Goods and/or the Services or their failure to meet specification is notified to the Seller in accordance with these Conditions, the Seller shall be entitled to replace the Goods and/or the Services (or the part in question) free of charge or, at the Seller’s sole discretion, refund to the Buyer the price of the Goods and/or the Services (or a proportionate part of the price), but the Seller shall have no further liability to the Buyer. 7.5. Except in respect of death or personal injury caused by the Seller’s negligence, the Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer by reason of any representation, or any implied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty at common law, or under the express terms of the Contract, for any consequential loss or damage (whether for loss of profit or otherwise), costs, expenses or other claims for consequential compensation whatsoever (and whether caused by negligence of the Seller, its employees or agents or otherwise) which arise out of or in connection with the supply of the Goods or Services or their use or resale by the Buyer, except as expressly provided in these Conditions. 7.6. The Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer or be deemed to be in breach of the Contract by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform, any of the Seller’s obligations in relation to the Goods and/or the Services, if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond the Seller’s reasonable control. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the following shall be regarded as causes beyond the Seller’s reasonable control: 7.7. Act of God, explosion, flood, tempest, fire or accident; 7.8. war or threat of war, sabotage, insurrection, civil disturbance or requisition; 7.9. acts, restrictions, regulations, bye-laws, prohibitions or measures of any kind on the part of any governmental, parliamentary or local authority; 7.10. import or export regulations or embargoes; 7.11. strikes, lock-outs or other industrial actions or trade disputes (whether involving employees of the Seller or of a third party); 7.12. difficulties in obtaining raw materials, labour, fuel, parts or machinery; 7.13. power failure or breakdown in machinery. 7.14. Where employees of the Seller are to be employed on the Buyers premises, the Buyer will indemnify the Seller against any liability whatsoever relating to such employees 8. INSOLVENCY OF BUYER 8.1. This clause applies if: 8.2. the Buyer makes any voluntary arrangement with its creditors or becomes subject to an administration order or (being an individual or firm) becomes bankrupt or (being a company) goes into liquidation (otherwise than for the purposes of amalgamation or reconstruction); or 8.3. an encumbrancer takes possession, or a receiver is appointed, of any of the property or assets of the Buyer; or 8.4. the Buyer ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business; or 8.5. the Seller reasonably apprehends that any of the events mentioned above is about to occur in relation to the Buyer and notifies the Buyer accordingly. 8.6. If this clause applies then, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to the Seller, the Seller shall be entitled to cancel the Contract or suspend any further deliveries under the Contract without any liability to the Buyer, and if the Goods and/or the Services have been delivered but not paid for the price shall become immediately due and payable notwithstanding any previous agreement or arrangement to the contrary. 9. EXPORT TERMS 9.1. Where the Goods and/or the Services are supplied for export from the United Kingdom the provisions of this clause shall, subject to any special terms agreed in Writing between the Seller and the Buyer apply notwithstanding any other provision of these conditions. 9.2. The Buyer shall be responsible for complying with registration regulations governing importation of the Goods and/or the Services into the Country of destination and for payment of any duties thereon. 9.3. The Seller shall, at the Buyers expense make arrangements for the Goods and/or the Services to be exported from the United Kingdom by using it’s reasonable endeavors to arrange space on an aircraft or ship and making delivery of the Goods and/or the Services to the ship or aircraft, exporting the Goods and/or the Services and insuring the Goods and/or Services up to the point of loading the Goods and/or the Services on such aircraft or ship and the Seller shall be under no obligation to give notice under Section 32(3) of the Sale of Goods Act 1979. 9.4. All payments to be made by the Buyer shall be made by payment in pounds (English Sterling) to such branch of Barclays Bank in England as may be specified by the Seller. 9.5. All payments by the Buyer under this Agreement shall be made in full without any deduction or withholding (whether in respect of set-off, counterclaim, duties, taxes, charges, levies or otherwise howsoever). 9.6. The Buyer shall at all times maintain an agent for service process in England who shall be appointed by the Buyer notified to the Seller prior to delivery of any Goods and/or Services. The Buyer undertakes not to revoke the authority of the agent and if for any reason such agent no longer serves as agents of the Buyer to receive service of process the Buyer shall promptly appoint such agent and advise the agent thereof. 10. GENERAL 10.1. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either party to the other under these Conditions shall be in Writing addressed to that other party as its registered office or principal place of business or such other address as may at the relevant time have been notified pursuant to this provision to the party giving the notice. 10.2. No waiver by the Seller of any breach of the Contract by the Buyer shall be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision. 10.3. If any provision of these Conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part the validity of the other provisions of these Conditions and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected thereby. 10.4. Goods and/or Services sold by the Seller may not be used in equipment and/or products for use in any life support system, nuclear installations or aircraft without prior Written consent of the Seller 10.5. The Contract shall be governed by the laws of England.11. GDPR COMPLIANCE - 11.1 Please see our privacy policy on our website at: https://www.rfsolutions.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
Compare (1)
Top