http://www.brusselsbonsai.com/privacy/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC, (Brussel's Bonsai), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards. THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC and any subsidiary company listed below , and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of https://brusselsbonsai.com/ and any subsidiary website listed below you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement. Collection of Information This website collects various types of information, such as: • Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested. Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs. Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site. We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected. Use of Information Collected Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from https://brusselsbonsai.com/ and our subsidiaries . Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC and our subsidiaries may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered. Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC may find it beneficial to share specific data with our trusted partners in an effort to conduct statistical analysis, provide you with email and/or postal mail, deliver support and/or arrange for deliveries to be made. Those third parties shall be strictly prohibited from making use of your personal information, other than to deliver those services which you requested, and as such they are thus required, in accordance with this agreement, to maintain the strictest of confidentiality with regards to all your information. Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that our users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public. Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to: • Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC and/or our website; • Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC; and • Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of https://brusselsbonsai.com/ and/or the general public. Children Under Age of 13 Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website. Unsubscribe or Opt-Out All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to service@brusselsbonsai.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out. Links to Other Web Sites Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website. Security Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control. T h e company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information. The website is also secured by VeriSign. Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those change to our website homepage at https://brusselsbonsai.com/, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner. Acceptance of Terms Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address. Email: service@brusselsbonsai.com Telephone Number: 800-582-2593 Mailing Address: Brussel's Bonsai Nursery, LLC 8125 Center Hill Rd Olive Branch, Mississippi 38654
Product Images
High Quality Photography
We understand that sharp, bright, product images are helpful to envision trees and make informed purchase decisions. To that end, we work with professional photographers to provide product images that take the guess work out of ordering. Still have questions? Give a call and let us know how we can help.
Specimen Trees
Website images of Specimen Trees are photographs of the individual tree that will be shipped. You are seeing the actual bonsai that’s for sale, not a representative tree. Obviously, these are all one of a kind.
Copyright Infringement
Brussel’s Bonsai owns the rights to all images on this website. No photographs here may be used without written permission. We register our proprietary images with the U.S. Copyright Office and take copyright infringement seriously.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER AND RECEIVE 10% OFF!
yourname@email.com
search_icon
Home
Shop All
dropdown_arrow
BONSAI COURSES
Bonsai Hobbyist
All Bonsai Hobbyist
Indoor - Hobbyist
Outdoor Hobbyist
Best Sellers - Hobbyist
Perfect Gift - Hobbyist
Bonsai Beginner
All Bonsai Beginner
Indoor - Beginner
Outdoor Beginner
Best Sellers - Beginner
Perfect Gift - Beginner
Colorful Bonsai
All Colorful Bonsai
Indoor - Colorful
Outdoor - Colorful
Best Sellers - Colorful
Perfect Gift - Colorful
Easy to Grow Bonsai
All Easy to Grow Bonsai
Indoor - Easy to Grow
Outdoor - Easy to Grow
Best Sellers - Easy to Grow
Perfect Gift - Easy to Grow
INDOOR BONSAI
All INDOOR BONSAI
Easy Care Bonsai
Ficus Bonsai
Flowering Indoor Bonsai
Hawaiian Umbrella Bonsai
Jade Bonsai
Lucky Bamboo
Other Indoor Beauties
Best Sellers - Indoor
OUTDOOR BONSAI
All OUTDOOR BONSAI
Azalea Bonsai
Gardenia Bonsai
Juniper Bonsai
Maple Bonsai
Flowering Outdoor Bonsai
Other Outdoor Beauties
Best Sellers - Outdoor
SPECIMEN BONSAI
All SPECIMEN BONSAI
Azalea Specimens
Other Specimens
Chinese Elm Specimens
Ficus Specimens
Juniper Specimens
Maple Specimens
Pine Specimens
Other Specimen Bonsai
BONSAI ESSENTIALS
All BONSAI ESSENTIALS
Aluminum Wire
Books
Humidity Trays
Soil & Supplements
Pure Nursery Honey
Other Bonsai Essentials
All Bonsai Essentials
BONSAI TOOLS
All BONSAI TOOLS
Other Bonsai Tools
Pliers & Wire Cutters
Scissors & Branch Cutters
All Bonsai Tools
BONSAI POTS
All BONSAI POTS
Glazed Pots
Unglazed Pots
Handmade Glazed Pots
Handmade Unglazed Pots
All Bonsai Pots
account
Account
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*