http://www.mountzjewelers.com/pages/internet-privacy-policy
Your Cart
Your basket is empty
$ 0.00
$ 0.00
total cart value
Place your order
Continue Shopping
Store Hours
or Make an Appointment
Sign in or Create an Account
Home
Rolex
Bridal
Jewelry
Designers
Diamonds
Sale
Selling/Finance
Events
Blog
About Us
Locations
Contact Us
Log in
Create Account
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
YouTube icon
Pinterest icon
Home
Rolex
Bridal
Bridal Designers
A.JAFFE
ArtCarved
Diana Collections
FANA Bridal
Forevermark
Gabriel & Co.
Heart on Fire
Henri Daussi
JB Star
Karl Lagerfield
Maiden Lane
Mountz Collection
Scott Kay
Simon G
Tacori
Bridal Services & Education
Wedding Band Information
Custom Jewelry Design
Diamond & Gem Education
How to Buy "The Ring"
Jewelry Repair
Bridal Collections
Engagement Rings-Complete
Engagement Rings-Semi Mount
Engagement Ring Reward
Jewelry
Bracelets & Charms
Bracelets
Charms
Cuff Links & Studs
Ladies Watches
Men's Watches
Gemstones, Diamonds, & More
Colored Gem Stone Jewelry
Lab Grown Diamonds
Sterling Silver Jewelry
Necklaces & Earrings
Crosses
Earrings
Lockets
Necklaces & Pendants
Rings
Engagement Rings-Complete
Engagement Rings-Semi Mount
Promise Rings
Rings
Designers
Rolex, A - Di
Rolex
A.JAFFE
Alex and Ani
Antonio Papini
ArtCarved
ALTR Jewelry
ALTR Loose Diamonds
Cat Fever
Charles Krypell
Diana
Do - Gabriel & Co. Bridal
Dog Fever
Estate Jewelry
Elizabeth Garvin
Ever Us™
FANA Bridal
FANA Fashion
Forevermark
Frederique Constant
Gabriel & Co. Bridal
Gabriel & Co. Fashion - L
Gabriel & Co. Fashion Catalog
Gabriel & Co. In-Store Fashion
Goldman
Hearts On Fire
Heather B Moore
Henri Daussi
Honora
IPPOLITA
J-P
JB Star
John Hardy
Karl Lagerfield
Lashbrook
Le Vian
Maiden Lane
Michele Watches
Monica Rich Kosann
Mountz Collection
QALO
R-T
Rembrandt Charms
Roberto Coin
Scott Kay
Shinola
Simon G Bridal
Simon G Fashion Jewelry
Stephen Dweck
Tacori Bridal
Tacori Fashion
TAG Heuer
Diamonds
Traditional Earth Mined
Lab Grown Diamonds
Sale
Selling/Finance
Jewelry Buying Services at Mountz Jewelers
Financing a New Jewelry Purchase
Events
Blog
About Us
Our Story &
Careers
Career Opportunities
Meet Our Team
Mountz History
Mountz Mission
Mountz Story
Community & News
Holiday Catalog
Gift Cards
Inspire 40
Mountz News
Mountz Services
Reviews & Policies
Recognition
Review Us
Store Policies
Terms & Conditions
Testimonials
Web Return Policy
Locations
Carlisle
Camp Hill
Colonial Park/Harrisburg
Contact Us
Contact Us Now
Appointment Maker
Mountz Moments Submission
Virtual Appointment Maker
Private In-Store Appointment
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at online@mountzjewelers.com or mailing us at:
Mountz
3780 Trindle Road  Camp Hill Pennsylvania US 17011
SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
ROLEX SECTION - TERMS OF USE
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Terms of Use, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
ROLEX SECTION - PRIVACY NOTICE
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
ROLEX SECTION - COOKIES POLICY
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at online@mountzjewelers.com or by mail at
Mountz
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
3780 Trindle Road  Camp Hill Pennsylvania US 17011
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Offer incentives to customers to join and build your mailing list.
Thanks for Joining!