http://www.pdostore.com/pages/privacy
10% OFF EVERYTHING, STOREWIDE FOR A LIMITED TIME - FREE SAME-DAY USPS FIRST-CLASS SHIPPING FOR ALL ORDERS SHIPPED WITHIN THE US!
Contact
Our Story
Our Promise
Warranty
1-800-767-5747
Log in
Cart (0)
Checkout
Apple
iPhone 12 Pro Max
iPhone 12 Pro
iPhone 12
iPhone 12 mini
iPhone 11 Pro Max
iPhone 11 Pro
iPhone 11
iPhone SE (2020)
iPhone Xs Max
iPhone Xs
iPhone XR
iPhone X
iPhone 8
iPhone 8 Plus
iPhone 7
iPhone 7 Plus
Samsung
Galaxy S20
Galaxy S20+
Galaxy S20 Ultra
Galaxy Note 10+ / Note 10+ 5G
Galaxy Note 10 / Note 10 5G
Galaxy S10+
Galaxy S10
Galaxy S10e
Galaxy Note 9
Galaxy S9
Galaxy S9+
Galaxy Note 8
Galaxy S8
Galaxy S8+
Other Galaxy
Google
Pixel 5
Pixel 4A 5G
Pixel 4
Pixel 4 XL
Pixel 3a
Pixel 3a XL
Pixel 3
Pixel 3 XL
Pixel 2
Pixel 2 XL
Other Brands
Accessories
Phone & Case Fit Guide
PRIVACY POLICY
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.  When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at service@sporteer.com or mailing us at:Sporteer15953 N Greenway Hayden Loop, Suite E, Scottsdale, AZ 85260SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.   However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service. LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SECTION 5 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. SECTION 6 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.SECTION 7 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at service@sporteer.com or by mail atSporteer 15953 N Greenway Hayden Loop, Suite E, Scottsdale, AZ 85260