https://www.ceramichedarte.com/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Home&solCookie and Privacy Policy
This page describes how to manage the site in relation to the processing of personal data of users who consult it. This is a disclosure made also pursuant to art. 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 concerning the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (GDPR) to those who interact with the web services of Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l., accessible electronically from the following addresses:
https://www.ceramichedarte.ithttps://www.ceramichedarte.com
corresponding to the initial pages of the Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l.  site owned by the company Via Roma, 22 84010 Ravello (SA)  Partita IVA IT04966480651  and hereafter referred to as “We” or the “Company”. The information is provided only for the site indicated and not for other external websites, possibly consulted by the user through links on the pages.
The information conforms to the indications given by the Guarantor for the protection of personal data and to the Recommendation n. 2/2001 that the European body, which brings together the Guarantors of the Member States in the Group established by art. 29 of the directive n. 95/46 / EC, adopted on 17 May 2001 to identify certain minimum requirements for the collection of personal data online, and, in particular, the methods, timing and nature of the information that the data controllers must provide to the users when they connect to web pages, regardless of the purpose of the link.
THE “HOLDER” OF THE TREATMENT
The “holder” of their treatment is Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. in the person of the legal representative pro tempore, based in Via Roma, 22 84010 Ravello (SA).
THE MANAGER OF THE TREATMENT
The complete and updated list of the responsible persons in charge is available, at the request of the interested party, at the holder’s office.
DATA PROCESSING PLACE
The treatments connected to the web services of this site take place at the aforementioned premises of Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. and are only handled by technical personnel in charge of processing, or by persons in charge of occasional maintenance operations. No data deriving from the web service is communicated or disseminated.
TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED AND PURPOSE
DATA PROVIDED VOLUNTARILY BY THE USER
The Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. website has a purely editorial and presentation of  its services, therefore the interactive features with the users browsing the site are limited to the request for information and / or contacts.
The personal data collected will be processed pursuant to art. 6 of EU Regulation 2016/679 exclusively for the following purposes:
a) to provide pre-contractual information and / or estimates and / or to provide the services expressly requested by the user. Such data collected by the Data Controller for the purpose of providing the service include: name and surname, email address, telephone number.
b) for the fulfillment of legal tax obligations (billing, customer registration, mandatory communications, etc.), accounting (keeping of accounting records, debt collection, etc.) or orders or requests of control authorities (any obligations of communication to public bodies imposed by mandatory rules, eg anti-money laundering) and management of litigation.
NAVIGATION DATA
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but which by their very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the site, the addresses in the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user’s computer environment. These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes against the site.
DATA PROTECTION
The Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l.  undertakes to protect the personal data of its users by preparing and adopting appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the security of the user’s personal data; however, remember that no system is ever completely safe.
In particular:
We test our practices for data acquisition, storage and processing, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to systems;
We use cryptographic technologies, where appropriate;
We use password protection measures, where appropriate;
We limit access to personal data only to employees and collaborators who need to access such data in order to process them on our behalf and under strict contractual confidentiality obligations.
However, these measures do not exempt the user from taking adequate measures to keep personal data secure, in particular by avoiding the use of trivial user IDs or passwords, by not revealing personal passwords or by allowing others access to their account and Personal data, and taking any other applicable security measures.
COOKIES POLICY ~ EXTENDED INFORMATION
The Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. website uses cookies and / or similar technologies to guarantee the correct functioning of the procedures and a better experience in the use of online applications. On this page we provide detailed information on the use of cookies and similar technologies, on how they are used by Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l.  and on how to manage them (if you consent to their use or prevent it), in compliance with recent Italian and European legislation on obligations information and protection of website users.
Specifically, we inform all our visitors that the site does not use tracking or profiling cookies, but only those that are strictly necessary for the functioning and structured analysis of performance and traffic.
DEFINITIONS
Cookies are simple information that is transferred from the website and saved on the hard disk of the user’s computer and are small text files that allow websites to store some data to make them accessible to a subsequent access by the user. Similar technologies, such as, for example, web beacons, transparent GIFs and all forms of local storage introduced with HTML5, can be used to gather information on user behavior and use of services. In the following of this document we will refer to cookies and all similar technologies simply by using the term “cookies”.
TYPES OF COOKIES
Based on the origin, cookies are divided into two categories:
proprietary cookies, which are created, deleted and modified directly from the visited site.
third-party cookies, which are created by other sites that own content, such as ads, images, social buttons or other services, displayed on the web page of the site you are visiting.
On the other hand, based on their duration, cookies can be classified as follows:
temporary cookies (for example session cookies) that are automatically deleted when the browser is closed.
permanent cookies that remain available until they are explicitly deleted by the user or until their natural expiry, established by the site itself.
Most sites use cookies because they are among the technical tools commonly used on the web that can improve navigation and user experience while also allowing you to offer personalized services (for example, avoiding the need to log in every time, remember the last application used, keep the products in the shopping cart, show important contents for the user, remember that a message has already been displayed, etc.).
These are also called technical cookies and do not fall within the scope of data processing governed by the GDPR as they do not contain personal data, nor identifiers associated with personal data or other information that identify the user, and their use is strictly functional provision of services by the site.
In any case, cookies can be read or modified only by the site that created them and can not be used to access any other user data through the browser nor can they transmit computer viruses as they are not software programs, but simple information text that can not possibly damage the computer.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically and yet the user can disable cookies directly from their browser. It is important to know however that, based on the quality of the services offered by the site, the deactivation of cookies may lead to the user being unable to use all or some of the online features and in some cases access to the site itself.
COOKIES ON OUR SITE
Like most websites, our site also uses cookies to improve the user experience, to make it easier to use our applications and to provide advanced features that would not be possible without the use of cookies.
Our site uses proprietary cookies and third-party cookies.
PROPRIETARY COOKIES
Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. uses only “technical cookies” both temporary and permanent.
TEMPORARY TECHNICAL COOKIES
Temporary cookies include those that allow work sessions to work and end when the browser is closed. Sessions are essential to authenticate to the site by registered users or to use those applications that require data entry in multiple steps. They are also useful not to lose the data entered in the applications in case the user changes pages or in the integration between the applications themselves.
PERMANENT TECHNICAL COOKIES
Our site also manages several permanent cookies with different deadlines based on their functionality. Below are the main features of our site that use technical cookies:
determine if a user visits the site for the first time and the date of the last visit (this cookie is based on an anonymous numeric identifier from which it is not possible to trace the IP address)
guarantee automatic access to the site by registered users through the “remember” function
to display messages and communications relating to new services, new publications or otherwise no more than once
memorize the type of browser (desktop, tablet or smartphone)
remember which side navigation bar menus have been opened or closed
remember the user’s preference for cookies based on this information
other minor uses that we leave out for brevity
DURATION OF COOKIES
Session cookies remain active only until the browser is closed or when the logout command is executed. Other cookies survive the closing of the browser and are also available in subsequent visits by the user. These cookies are called persistent and their duration is set by the server when they are created. In some cases a deadline is set, in other cases the duration is unlimited. However, by browsing the pages of the Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. website you can interact with websites managed by third parties that can create or modify permanent and profiling cookies.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
When you visit a website you can receive cookies both from the site you are visiting (“proprietary cookies”), and from sites managed by other organizations (called “third parties”).Our site uses only “native” cookies of the various browsers (text type information) and does not use the so-called “Flash Cookies” (a different type of cross-browser cookies) but some third-party sites may use this technology that requires the presence of the Adobe Flash plugin in the browser.
On our website there are the so-called social plugins for Facebook, Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn, YouTube etc. These are parts of the page visited generated directly by the aforementioned social sites and integrated into the page of the host site which is limited in this case to the simple sending of cookies on the user’s terminal, without managing the operations and contents, which therefore remain a total load of third parties. The most common use of social plugins is to integrate and share site content on social networks.
The management of information collected by third parties is governed by the relevant information to which reference is made. To ensure greater transparency and convenience, the following are the web addresses of the various information and how to manage cookies
Facebook information: https://www.facebook.com/help/cookies/Facebook (settings): accedere al proprio account. Sezione privacy.Twitter information: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514Twitter (settings): https://twitter.com/settings/securityLinkedin information: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policyLinkedin (settings): https://www.linkedin.com/settings/Google+ information:https://www.google.it/intl/it/policies/technologies/cookies/Google+ (settings):https://www.google.it/intl/it/policies/technologies/managing/
COOKIE MANAGEMENT
The user can decide whether or not to accept cookies using the settings of his browser. Attention: the total or partial disabling of technical cookies can compromise the use of the site features reserved for registered users. On the contrary, the usability of public content is also possible by completely disabling cookies. The disabling of “third-party” cookies does not affect the navigability in any way.
An updated list with the instructions for managing cookies in the most used browsers can be found on the page http://ikb.itncentral.com/ikb/gestione-cookie-nei-browser/.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The site Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l.  also includes components transmitted by Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Also in this case these are third-party cookies collected and managed anonymously to monitor and improve the performance of the host site (performance cookies).
Google Analytics uses “cookies” to collect and analyze anonymous information on the behavior of use of the Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. website (including the user’s IP address). This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes it in order to draw up reports for Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l.  operators that regard the activities of the website. This site does not use (and does not allow third parties to use) the Google analysis tool to monitor or collect personal identification information.
Google does not associate the IP address with any other data held by Google nor does it attempt to link an IP address with the identity of a user. Google may also communicate this information to third parties where required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
For more information, please refer to the link below:https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/
The user can selectively disable the action of Google Analytics by installing on his browser the opt-out component provided by Google. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
DATA CONFERMENT
Except as stated for navigation data and cookies used on the website [site name], the user is always free to provide personal data for which it connects to the site.In particular, in cases of request for information and / or estimates or request for the provision of services, as per letters a) and b) of the paragraph “Types of data processed and purposes”, the provision of personal data is indispensable and mandatory for performance of the service and / or provision of the service. Therefore, failure to provide such data could make it impossible for the Data Controller to execute the user’s request.
COMMUNICATION AND DIFFUSION OF DATA
Normally personal data collected on the site Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. are not subject to disclosure or communication and will not be sold or sold to third parties. The data may be processed by third parties in the event that it is necessary for the execution of the contract or service offered. This is why we use companies and individuals to whom we entrust the execution of certain tasks. Among the activities that we can entrust to independent suppliers, we remember the delivery of parcels, sending mail and e-mail, the fulfillment of payments by credit card etc. These subjects will have access to the personal data necessary to perform the functions assigned to them, but they will not be able to use them for other purposes.
In any case, the communication or dissemination of data required, in accordance with the law, by law enforcement agencies, judicial authorities, information and security bodies or other public entities for the purposes of defense or security of the State or prevention, ascertainment or repression of crimes.
If necessary, they can be communicated to:
to public offices according to legal and / or contractual obligations;
to debt collection companies and banking institutions for the management of collections and payments deriving from the execution of the service offered;
to any consultants and external companies specifically appointed to perform tax and tax advisory services on our behalf;
to collaborators or companies providing services when the communication is necessary for the use of the services of the hotel.
METHOD OF TREATMENT
Personal data are collected using computer media and processed using mainly computer and data transmission methods for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected.Specific security measures are observed to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
RIGHTS OF THE INTERESTED
Pursuant to the Regulations, the Data Controller informs that Users have the right to obtain indication (i) of the origin of personal data; (ii) the purposes and methods of the processing; (iii) the logic applied in the event of processing carried out with the aid of electronic instruments; (iv) of the identification details of the owner and managers; (v) the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who may come to know them as managers or agents.
Furthermore, Users have the right to obtain:
a) access, updating, rectification or, when interested, integration of data;
b) the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which the data were collected or subsequently processed;
c) the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a) and b) have been brought to the attention, also as regards their content, of those to whom the data have been communicated or disseminated, except in the case where such fulfillment is it proves impossible or involves a use of means manifestly disproportionate to the protected right.
Furthermore, Users have:
a) the right to withdraw consent at any time, if the processing is based on their consent;
b) (where applicable) the right to the portability of data (right to receive all personal data concerning them in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device), the right to limit the processing of personal data;
c) the right to oppose:
in whole or in part, for legitimate reasons, to the processing of personal data concerning them, even if pertinent to the purpose of the collection;
in whole or in part, to the processing of personal data concerning them for the purpose of sending advertising or direct sales material or for carrying out market research or commercial communication.
Requests should be addressed to the Data Controller or Personal Data Protection Officer:
– via e-mail, all’indirizzo: info@ceramichedarte.com– oppure via posta, Via Roma, 22 84010 Ravello (SA)
If the users believe that the treatment that concerns them violates the Rules, they have the right to lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority (in the Member State in which they usually reside, in the one in which they work or in the one in which the alleged violation has occurred ).
The Italian Supervisory Authority is the Guarantor for the protection of personal data, located in Piazza di Monte Citorio n. 121, 00186 – Rome (http://www.garanteprivacy.it/).
Updates
The Ceramiche d’Arte di Pascal S.r.l. website will keep this information constantly updated, indicating the date of publication of the latest version of it.
Last updated: May 23, 2019
Receive news and Offers!Sign-up our newsletter to be updated
Your email
Sign Up Today!
Close Menu
Questo sito web si avvale dei cookie per migliorare la vostra esperienza di navigazione e per le finalità illustrate nella cookie policy. Proseguendo la navigazione acconsenti all' uso dei cookie. Accetta Leggi di piùPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×