http://www.homelandhousewares.com/privacy/
Take 20% off all blenders & juicers with code HOLIDAYCHEER >> Details.
skip to menu
SHOP
Personal blenders
Full-sized blenders
All blenders
Magic Bullet
Baby
Juicers
Supplements
Accessories
RECIPES
BLOG
SIGN IN OR REGISTER
USA
Privacy Policy
December 28, 2019
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways Capital Brands Distribution, LLC, its subsidiaries and divisions (hereinafter, “Company,” “us,” or “we”) treats the information you provide while using www.NutriBullet.com ("Website") or interacting with the Company. It is our goal to bring you information that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect your privacy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to learn about the Personal Information collected about you and how it is used. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our User Agreement. You can access this Privacy Policy or the User Agreement at any time. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or the User Agreement, please do not use the Website or transact business with the Company.
Each time you use the Website and/or any associated Applications, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time. For your reference, the date of the then current version will appear on this page. Continued access of the Website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the then current Privacy Policy.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL COVER:
What Personal Information Is Collected
Sources of Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information
Cookies
Why We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Your Choices
Children
Privacy Rights for California Residents
Important Information
Contact Us
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
The type of Personal Information Company collects depends on how you use this Website or interact with the Company.
Sources of Personal Information
Personal Information is collected directly from you when you:
Create a NutriBullet.com account; register your product; register your email address with us, or opt-in to receive newsletters;
Enter contests or sweepstakes sponsored by us;
Sign up for special offers from select third parties;
Send email messages or feedback, submit forms, or transmit other information by email;
Interact with Company on social media (e.g., the NutriBullet Instagram account);
Submit your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products on our Website or by phone;
Contact Company directly, including by phone, mail, or any type of electronic message for sales, service, information, warranty, or customer support; or
Complete a survey.
Additionally, some Personal Information, regarding your Internet or other electronic network activity, is collected automatically when you visit our Website and allow cookies. For more on cookies, see below.
Categories of Personal Information
The information that we collect from you may include any of the following:
Identifiers
Contact information such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number.
Demographic information such as your gender, birthday, height, weight, lifestyle and exercise frequency.
Account log-in credentials.
Commercial Information
Payment information including credit card information, billing address, and bank account information.
Information about the Company product(s) you purchased such as use history or product serial numbers.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
Company automatically gathers information of the sort that browsers automatically make available, including: (i) IP addresses; (ii) domain servers; (iii) types of computers accessing the Website; and (iv) types of Web browsers accessing the Website.
Company collects user data via Google Analytics to better understand the Website behavior of Company visitors. Furthermore, Company utilizes Google Analytics Advertising Features for reporting data on the age and gender of our users and their interests (Demographics and Interests) and for identifying prior site visitors (Remarketing).
We use tracking technology to track users’ movements throughout the website utilizing Hotjar. This technology measures performance and consumer engagement.
See special note on Cookies, below.
Audio/Visual Information Submitted for Contests or Sweepstakes
Photographs, images, video or other user generated content.
Information You Make Public
Certain portions of the Website and Applications are open to any viewer, such as our community forums and your personal profile. Any information you post in these locations may be available and accessible to other members of the Website. In addition, the Website contains features that permit you to upload, post, transmit, display, perform or distribute content, information or other data, including your Personal Information. Any information that you choose to disclose such features becomes public through information. You should exercise discretion when deciding to disclose your Personal Information through such features, and you agree to assume all responsibility for doing so.
In addition to the information listed above, you may choose to give the Company directly other types of information in a variety of situations. For example, when making a warranty claim you may provide digital images or videos of you or your property. You may also share product feedback regarding a Company product you purchased. You may also provide health information when making claims relating to personal injuries which you allege to have resulted from Company products. We may also be given your information from third party companies who have collected the information previously or who have made assumptions about you based on information you have shared with them.
Cookies
A “Cookie” is a string of information that a website stores on a user’s computer, and that the user’s browser provides to the website each time the user submits a query to the Website. The purpose of a Cookie is to identify the user as a unique user of the Website. Company uses Cookies to customize your experience on the Website to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements or informational messages repeatedly, and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Website. In addition, the Company may use Cookies, and other methods, to store and retrieve data from your web browser. you can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences at the following websites:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Google Chrome
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO HAVE COOKIES PLACED ON YOUR COMPUTER, YOU SHOULD SET YOUR BROWSERS TO REFUSE COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN OF THE SERVICES AND CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF COOKIES. IF YOU REFUSE COOKIES, YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY.
“Web Beacons” (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or web bugs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users or to access Cookies. Unlike Cookies which are stored on the user’s computer hard drive, Web Beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages (or in e-mail). Web Beacons may be used to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to count users who have visited certain pages and to understand usage patterns.
WHY WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use information about you for any reason that is permitted under data protection laws in accordance with this Privacy Policy including: 1) as necessary to fulfill our contractual obligation to you; 2) as necessary to provide our products or support services to you; 3) in the ordinary course of our legitimate business interest such as product development and research; 4) in compliance with legal and regulatory obligations, and 5) according to your express consent. We will not sell or rent your Personal Information. Use of your Personal Information may fall into the following purposes:
To allow you to set up a user account and profile;
To improve the content of the Website and/or Applications;
To customize the advertising and content you see;
To communicate to you about new features and other news;
To respond to inquiries about purchasing a product, questions, comments, or customer service requests;
To deliver your orders and provide services to you;
To register your product;
To accept payment for products and services;
To administer your participation in promotions, sweepstakes, contests, or surveys;
To communicate information about your transactions;
To improve our products and services;
To comply with any legal or contractual obligations;
To detect and prevent fraud or other intellectual property infringement;
To protect our property and assets; or
To investigate claims, accidents, or incidents related to our products and services.
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information, with the caveat that your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain services.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Company will not sell or disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your explicit consent, except as specified in our Privacy Policy.
Company may share your Personal Information with the following:
Within the Company for the purposes described above.
Trusted business partners who need your information to provide services to us, such as delivering your orders, maintaining our computer systems, providing analytics and advice, or administering marketing and advertising campaigns. Company may disclose aggregate or de-identified information about our customers for marketing, advertising, research, or other purposes.
We may also be required by law enforcement, other public authorities, or judicial authorities to share your Personal Information with them or other parties. We will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, warrant, or other legal process to the extent necessary to meet legal, national security, public interest, or law enforcement obligations or defend our interests in legal, administrative or other proceedings, which may require us to share Personal Information with other parties to the proceedings and their external counsel. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
We may buy or sell all or part of our business or the business of a third party. All or part of your Personal Information may be transferred to a new business or owner as a result of such transactions, in accordance with applicable laws, however, your Personal Information will continue to be protected by any pre-existing Privacy Statement of Company, unless you agree otherwise.
You should also be aware that when you voluntarily disclose your Personal Information in any public areas on this Website, that Personal Information, along with any information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. Such activities are beyond our control. If you do not want your comments to be viewed by third parties, you are advised not to make any public submissions.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We endeavor to keep your Personal Information secure. We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the Personal Information is collected as stated above. When we no longer need your Personal Information for our purposes, we will destroy, delete, or erase that Personal Information or convert it into an anonymous form.
We maintain your Personal Information on a secured, firewall protected server. We monitor the Website for evidence of fraudulent or improper behavior, reserving the right to remove inappropriate or illegal content. Although your web browser has privacy option settings that limit access to your information, no security measures are perfect or failsafe. We cannot control the actions of others with whom you share your Personal Information and cannot guarantee that only authorized users will view your Personal Information. You must utilize good judgment in protecting the privacy of your Personal Information and employing good security practices like selecting a strong password and using updated antivirus software. If you suspect any breach of security or your Personal Information, please report the same immediately to our Privacy Coordinator via NBsupport@nutribullet.com. We must work together to assure the protection of your Personal Information and the proper use of the Website.
YOUR CHOICES
You have certain choices regarding the use of your Personal Information as described above. Those choices include the right to deactivate any account you have with the Company, and to opt-out of receiving any marketing materials from the company. The methods by which you can exercise your choices are as follows:
Modify your account. You may review and change your information in your account settings, and you may remove certain optional pieces of information.
Opt-out of Promotion Email Communications. You may opt-out of receiving certain types of communications from NutriBullet in your account settings, by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link shown in our emails, or by contacting us.
Disable cookies. You may disable cookies in your web browser as described above.
Opt-out of Internet-Based Advertising.
You may opt out of Google Analytics and Google Analytics Advertising Features by clicking this link and following the instructions
You may opt out of Hotjar’s tracking technology here.
Access, modify, or delete your Personal Information. You can also access, correct, amend, or delete your Personal Information by contacting us at NutriBullet.com, PO Box 4574 Pacoima, California 91333 or privacy@capitalbrands.com. Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
It is possible that you may be denied access to your Personal Information. For instance, access can be denied when: giving one person access would compromise another’s privacy rights; disclosure is likely to interfere with the safeguarding of national security, defense, or public security; and disclosure could interfere with law enforcement or legal actions. These are only examples, and access may be denied in other situations in compliance with applicable laws.
CHILDREN
We do not use the Website to knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13), nor is this Website designed for or directed at children. By using the Website, you represent that you are age 13 or over. If you are a child under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to use the Website and should not send any Personal Information about yourself to us through the Website. If you believe that a child may have provided his or her Personal Information to us, please contact us using the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy. In the event that we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will dispose of that Personal Information immediately.
PRIVACY RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS:
California Civil Code section 1798.100 et seq. (known as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or “CCPA”) allows residents of California the right to request that we disclose the categories of Personal Information requested, the categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collection, the categories of third parties with which we share Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have about you. You also have the right to request what we provide your Personal Information to you in a readily useable format. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you. Note, however, that certain requests to delete Personal Information may be denied if the information is necessary for detecting security incidents, exercising free speech, protecting or defending against legal claims, or for internal uses reasonably aligned with consumer expectations.
California Civil Code section 1798.83 (known as the "Shine the Light" law) requires the Company to respond to requests from California customers inquiring about our business practices related to the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties and affiliated businesses for direct marketing purposes. It is NutriBullet.com's policy not to disclose member’s Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, without first receiving your express consent. You may also exercise an option to “opt-out” of such information-sharing even after initially consenting to such information sharing.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Company's Privacy Coordinator at: NutriBullet.com, PO Box 4574 Pacoima, California 91333 or NBsupport@nutribullet.com.
Important Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at NBsupport@nutribullet.com.
We’ll communicate when we make changes to our Privacy Policy and we’ll update the revision date above.
Contact Us
You can email us about the Privacy Policy at Privacy@Capitalbrands.com.
Your cart is empty!
SHOP NOW
FREE shipping on US orders over $65
No shipping delays.Products ship in 1-3 days.
FREE 1-year warranty on all
blenders and juicers
Many of our customers purchase our Extended Warranty, which covers your NutriBullet for an additional 3 years
beyond the 1-year standard warranty.
Many of our customers purchase our Extended Warranty, which covers your NutriBullet for an additional 3 years
beyond the 1-year standard warranty.
ADD WARRANTY
Log in
Nice to see you again!
Email
Password
SHOW
Remember me
Forgot password?
LOG IN
Don't have an account?
CREATE NEW ACCOUNT
Sign up
Welcome to the NutriBullet family!
Email
SHOW
Password
Yes, email me about new products & promotions
I agree to terms of service
SIGN UP
Already have an account?
LOG IN
Forgot Password
It happens to the best of us!
Email Address
SEND INSTRUCTIONS