https://www.jackrabbit.com/run-rewards-terms-and-conditions.html
Skip to main content
Enable
Accessibility
Start Earning Points
Login
Store Locator
Start Earning Points
Login
Store Locator
Search
0
Shop Holiday Deals!
|
Shop Footwear Under $75!
Run Rewards Terms and Conditions
Run Rewards Terms & Conditions
You must have a valid email address and be 18 years or older to join or to participate in the Run Rewards programMembers must validate their account through their primary email address in order to earn points and rewards. Once validated, members can view points, transaction history, and rewards via their online account at JackRabbit.comReceive a $20 Run Reward credit for every 200 points earned within 12 months of your original purchase. Rewards are good on purchases made within Running Specialty Group (RSG) store locations and online at JackRabbit.com. Some restrictions may apply.Items priced over $600 are only eligible to receive 600 points and corresponding rewards.All rewards expire 6 months from the original reward earned date. All credits toward the 200 point requirement expire 12 months from the original purchase date.Participants will receive an email when a reward is earned. Rewards can also be seen in the “Account Summary” section of Jackrabbit.comRewards are single-use certificates and can only be redeemed onceWhen an item purchased through the Run Rewards program is returned to a RSG store or via our online returns form, for whatever reason, any dollar credits earned when it was purchased will be deducted from that member’s Run Rewards account.When a Reward is redeemed and the item purchased is returned, the customer will get the original reward back in their loyalty account to use on a future purchase, provided no additional items were purchased in the original transaction against which the Reward could be offset.Rewards can only be redeemed in increments of $10. A customer can use as much of the total reward amount their have in their account during a purchase. Rewards can be combined with select offers. Rewards cannot be used for the purchase of gift cards.Members will not receive Run Rewards credit on the purchase of a gift card.No cash back on unused Run Rewards.Run Rewards membership is limited to personal consumer use and excludes Diverters, Wholesalers, or Resellers.Team sales or multiple sales with a discount approved by home office do not qualify for this program.Employees of RSG and their families are not eligible. RSG reserves the right to discontinue or modify this program, or alter the benefits at any time without notice.We will use your personal information to manage and communicate with you about your account, and to use for special marketing programs. However, we respect your privacy and will not sell your personal information to any unrelated third parties to use for marketing purposes. To find out more about our privacy statement, please visit https://www.jackrabbit.com/privacy-policy/By entering your email address, you agree to receive marketing (including email) information from RSG. All email promotions provide you with the option of removing yourself from any such future promotions from RSG. However, if you opt-out of loyalty emails you will no longer be eligible to receive rewardsThe RSG Run Rewards membership is a privilege and not a right. The membership may be revoked at any time by RSG or its agents without cause.To qualify for Gold status you will need 500 qualifying points. Points are subject to standard expiration rules. Gold status threshold is subject to change.Gold member status will be valid for 365 days from the day of qualification for Gold status.Gold member status will activate at 11:59:59pm on the day of the purchase that earns Gold status.Gold member will earn 20% more per transaction by earning 1.2x points on all purchases.Gold members will receive free shipping on JackRabbit.com orders. This is only eligible for free economy shipping.Gold status may be removed at any time for any reason at the company’s discretion.The Gold status program is subject to benefit changes. These changes may be implemented at the discretion of the company and take effect immediately.
JackRabbit