http://www.woolies-trim.co.uk/topic/termsandconditions
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Find out more here
close
Seals
Door/Boot Seals
Side Seals
Top Seals
Draught Excluder
Edge Trims
PVC Edge Trims
Cloth Covered Edge Trim
Rubber
Rubber Extrusion
Rubber Matting
Rubber Strip
Screen Section
Rubber Tube
Putty
Sponge
Sponge Extrusion
Sponge Piping
S/A Sponge Strip
S/A Sponge Sheet
Weatherstrip
Window Channel
Single Track
Double Track
Plain Felt
Materials
Carpet
Wool Pile Carpet
Wilton Type Carpet
Rubber Backed Carpet
Rotproof Carpet
Thin Rib Carpet
Karvel Carpet
Carpet Binding
Carpet Fasteners
Heel Pad
Headlinings
Wool
Vinyl
Brushed Nylon
Dobby
Hoodings
Duck
Vinyl
Mohair
Webbing
Window Material
Hoodcare
Seating Cloths
Bedford Cord
Moquette
Wool
Brushed Nylon
Alicante
Moleskin
Vinyls
Expanded Vinyl
Non Stretch
Hooding
Embossed
Sound Deadening
Felt
Hardura
Heat Deflection
Sound Damping
Fittings
Fasteners
Durable Dot
Lift the Dot
Tenax
Turnbuckles
Carpet Fasteners
Clips
Rivets
Self Tapping Screws
Woodscrews
Cup Washers
Brass Eyelets
Handles
Bonnet Catch
Exterior Handles
Grab Handles
Hood Fastener
Interior Handles
Key Hole Cover
Lifting Ring
Locks
Over Centre Catches
Sidescreen Peg/Socket
Accessories
Aeroscreen
Badge Bar / Clips
Badges
Bolts
Bonnet Corners
Check Strap / Staples
Clevis Pins
Door Buffer
Electrical
Goggles
Grease Nipples
Horn Bulb
Reflectors
Restoration Guide
Spoke Brush
Spring Binding
Metal Strips
Aluminium Sections
"Chrome" Strips
Hood Bar
Pin Beading
Brass Taps
Copper Tube
D/E Unions
Drain Plugs
Elbows
Nuts & Nipples
Taps
T-Pieces
Trimmings
Adhesive
Binding/Lacing
Bonnet Tape
Chalk
Gaskets
Hidem Banding
Hook and Loop
Interior Piping
Material
Millboard
Overider Beading
Paddings
Piping Cord
Pirelli Webbing
Seating Foam
Tacks
Thread / Needles
Tools
Wing Piping
Zips
Renovation
Hood Renovation
Leather Renovation
Vinyl Renovation
Next day delivery *
Worldwide Delivery
Same day despatch
Terms and Conditions
Company Information
I & C Woolstenholmes Ltd T/A Woolies
Whitley Way
Northfields Industrial Estate
Market Deeping
Peterborough
PE6 8AR
Registered in England No. 1344107
VAT Registration No. GB 313 0577 90
Tel : 01778 347347
Fax : 01778 341847
E-mail : info@woolies-trim.co.uk
Product Information
Photographs, illustrations and descriptions of products have been made to the best of our ability however it is important to note that occasionally products may vary from the photographs, illustrations and descriptions shown.
It is particularly difficult to represent colours 100% accurately on the web site so when ordering materials e.g. carpets, headlinings and seating cloths we can send a small sample prior to ordering if it is required.
We have tried to give a brief but accurate description of all items on the web site to comply with the Trade Descriptions Act.  Should any customers think there is any misrepresentation at all, will they please advise us so that the matter can be amended.
Delivery
COVID-19 UPDATE
We are currently operating a mail order service and are experiencing a high volume of orders, we are doing the best we can to still get your orders to you quickly.  We will dispatch orders as soon as we can but cannot guarantee all orders will be dispatched the same day.
PLEASE NOTE if you choose Express Delivery we will prioritise your order BUT the couriers are not guaranteeing  Next Day deliveries so it will not be a guaranteed service.
All items (except colour matched leather kits and vinylkote *) are usually in stock and we endeavour to despatch all orders received by 2.30pm the same day. We will inform you by return if any goods ordered are currently unavailable. It may be possible to despatch orders received after 2.30pm the same day, it is dependent on how busy we are. If you require an order urgently it is advisable to telephone us to see if it can be despatched same day.
DELIVERY ADDRESSES  If it is the first order you have placed with Woolies we can only send the goods to the card holder address, we are unable to send to a different delivery address.  We will check our systems to see if we have any record of you ordering in the past.
Goods are either sent by 1st class post or courier depending on size and weight of the package and require a full post coded address. If sent by a courier a signature is required for safe delivery. If no-one will in be to receive the goods please consider a delivery address e.g. a work address or c/o a reliable neighbour. Please note we cannot send parcels by courier to PO Box addresses.  If you choose Express Delivery it will require a signature upon delivery, it will be sent by either Royal Mail Special Delivery or Courier depending on the size and weight of the package.
Postage Charges
Small items which can be sent by 1st class post (within UK)
Up to 250g
£4.80 inc. VAT
Up to 500g
£5.70 inc. VAT
Up to 1000g
£9.00 inc. VAT
Parcels sent by carrier within UK mainland (Scottish Highlands, Isle of Man, Northern Ireland and Channel Islands are more expensive, please enquire)
UK Normal 2 working day delivery (48 hour)
from £9.90 inc. VAT
UK Express Next working day delivery (24 hour)
from £12.00 inc. VAT
Please note within the UK mainland any parcel between 1.5mtr and 2mtr in length has to be sent on a next day delivery.  The only carrier that will accept 2mtr long parcels only offers a next day service.  Maximum length we can send is 2mtr long.
The delivery companies we use are :
UPS  www.ups.com
DHL  www.dhl.com
Parcelforce  www.parcelforce.co.uk
You will receive an e-mail once your order has been despatched confirming the company delivering the parcel and the tracking number, you can then track your parcel on the appropriate website.
Small items which can be sent by Air Mail Small Packet
Europe
Rest of the World
Up to 250g
£7.14 inc. VAT
£6.95
Up to 500g
£9.54 inc. VAT
£11.95
Up to 1000g
£11.94 inc. VAT
£17.95
Up to 1500g
£16.74 inc. VAT
£24.95
Up to 2000g
£22.50 inc. VAT
£35.00
Parcels sent by carrier vary in price depending on destination and weight/size of parcel, please enquire.
Price
Prices on the web site INCLUDE VAT at the rate of 20% (VAT applies to all EC Countries). We keep our prices keen but they may be altered at any time by material or manufacturer’s increases.
When ordering on the website you must order in complete metre lengths you cannot order e.g. 1.8mtr.  If it is imperative that you want to order in part metres please telephone, fax or e-mail us to place the order.
We accept all major credit and debit cards, PayPal and direct transfers into our bank account, please contact us for bank account details if required.
Returning Goods
We prefer not to receive returns so are happy to send samples before you order. Please see our returns policy click here.
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously and will not sell or forward your details to third parties, please see our privacy policy for more details click here.
Overseas Ordering
The web site will calculate a price for overseas orders, including postage, however we may need to contact customers to clarify charges and packing requirements due to complexities of sending goods overseas e.g. some items may need to be cut down or folded.Delivery charges are dependent on where we are sending items and the weight and size of the parcel.
International Telephone No. +44 1778 347347
International Fax No. + 44 01778 341847
Order Confirmation
Once your order has been placed you will receive a confirmation e-mail which will be sent to the e-mail address you provide. We will then despatch your order the same day if possible. If there are any queries we will contact you by telephone or e-mail to clarify them.
Motor Trade
We are keen to develop our Trade business so please contact us. We must insist on an official order from registered motor trade and upholstery companies. Overall 10% discount on prices ruling at date of despatch but always enquire for the best ROLL / BULK DISCOUNTS. Particularly good deals on bonnet tapes, wing piping and selected rubbers and sponges. We do not open credit accounts but can provide pro forma invoices if required. Payment on credit /debit card is the easiest and quickest form of payment.
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
£0.00
Continue Shopping
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty. This is the topic Named: emptywishlisttext. You edit this in the ADMIN site.
Total:
£0.00
Continue Shopping
Move all to Cart
Loading...