https://www.koacoffee.com/info/privacy-policy.html
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 7, 2016
Koa Coffee ("KOA") knows that you value your privacy. That's why we have created this Privacy Policy to help you understand KOA's practices. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, what we do with it, what we don't do with it, and how we keep it safe. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
I. Who Does This Privacy Policy Apply To?
This Privacy Policy applies to the conduct of KOA. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that KOA does not own or control, or to people that KOA does not employ or manage. Third party websites that you may connect to through this website are not under KOA's control and are subject to their own privacy policies rather than this Privacy Policy.
II. What Information Does KOA Collect?
In order to serve you, it is necessary for KOA to collect certain information. The type of information that KOA collects depends on what you do when you visit our website.
A. Information That You Provide to Us
Our site's registration form requires visitors to the site to give us contact information, including their name, address, phone number, and email address. We use contact information from the registration form to send the visitor information about our company and our products. The contact information may also be used to contact the visitor when necessary.
We collect site visitor information on our visitor registration form and our order form. The information we collect includes name, address, phone number, and email address. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company and products to our customers. The contact information may also be used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
In addition, from time to time, we run promotions on our site in which we ask site visitors for contact information, including their name, address, phone number, and email address. We use contact data from our promotions to send information about our company. The contact information is also used to contact the site visitors when necessary. Visitors may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Just contact us as set forth below.
B. Information That We Collect Automatically
We also collect certain types of information automatically whenever you access and use our website. Some of this information is stored in cookies (see the next section for a discussion of cookies). Examples of the information we collect automatically include:
Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using;
Browser software you are using;
Your operating system;
Date and time you access our website; and
Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website.
C. Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to store some information that enables us to improve your experience at our website in a number of ways. Cookies also help us to learn about how and when people use our website so that we can determine which parts of our website are popular and which need to be modified to be more useful. Although cookies do identify a website user's computer, cookies alone cannot personally identify a user.
Your web browser only allows us to access the cookies we have already sent to your computer, not the cookies that other websites have sent. We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve any information from your computer that we did not put there in the first place.
You can adjust your web browser to refuse all new cookies, to notify you whenever you are about to receive a new cookie, or to disable cookies completely. Please note, however, that many parts of our website will not function properly if you do not allow cookies.
III. What Does KOA Do with the Information It Collects?
The primary reason why we collect information from you is to provide you with the products and services that you request and to enhance your experience at our website. Any personal information given will not be shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete orders for products or services. We also use the information we collect to make sure that our website provides you with the resources you need and the level of quality you expect. For example, information about the sections of the website that people visit most frequently and least frequently helps us to decide which features website users find useful and which features need some changes.
Please be advised, however, that we reserve the right to disclose any personal information about you without your prior consent if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to:
Conform to legal requirements or comply with valid legal process;
Protect our rights or property;
Prevent harm to you or others.
Also, KOA sometimes shares with third parties certain non-personal, summary information about the people who use our website. This information is not personally identifiable to the particular visitor and consists of facts such as the average number of visitors to our website per day and the most popular sections of our website.
IV. What Kind of Security Does KOA Use to Protect Your Privacy?
We know that when you provide us with any type of information, you are trusting us to keep it safe from unauthorized intrusion. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control:
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to protect the security of your information during transmission, which encrypts information you input. Use of SSL is enforced during checkout.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.
V. What Do You Need to Do to Protect Your Personal Information?
You have several options when deciding how you can best protect your personal information. One option is simply not to volunteer any personal information. This approach would prevent you from taking advantage of several of our website's most useful features. Another option is to configure your web browser to refuse all new cookies, to notify you whenever you are about to receive a new cookie, or to disable cookies completely. However some parts of our website will not function properly if you do not allow cookies.
VI. How Can You Find Out What Personal Information Is on Record?
We believe that it's important for you to be able to find out what personal information you have provided to us through our website. If you have completed an on-line registration form, you can contact us as set forth below, and ask us what information we have on record about you. If you have not completed an on-line registration from or an order form, then we don't have any personally identifiable information about you.
VII. How Can You Correct the Personal Information on Record with Us?
We know that you want the information we have on record about you to be as complete and accurate as possible. We feel the same way, since maintaining accurate information is essential to our efforts to give you the best possible experience when you visit our website. That's why we encourage you to correct any information that might be outdated or otherwise invalid. It's easy to make changes. Simply contact us as set forth below.
VIII. Are Children Allowed to Use This Website?
KOA is committed to the protection of children's online privacy. KOA does not sell products for purchase by children, provide content to children, or collect personally identifiable information from children. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
IX. How Can You Get Additional Information About KOA's Privacy Policy?
For additional information about our Privacy Policy, please contact us as set forth below.
X. What Can You Do About Violations of This Privacy Policy?
If at any time you believe KOA has not adhered to the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy, please notify us and we will make commercially reasonable efforts to promptly correct the problem. We can be contacted as set forth below.
XI. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site you can contact us as follows:
Phone: Call us, toll free, at 1.866.562.5282Email: Click to contact us
XII. Amendments to KOA's Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for KOA to amend this Privacy Policy. Please regularly review this Privacy Policy so that you will be aware of any changes. However, if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website. Please note that your continued use of this website means that you accept the amendments to this Privacy Policy.
0
Home
Grind Type
All Grind Type
Ground Premium Hawaiian Coffee
Whole Bean Premium Hawaiian Coffee
Roast
All Roast
Medium Roast Premium Hawaiian Coffee
Dark Roast Premium Hawaiian Coffee
Our Coffees
All Our Coffees
Peaberry Coffee
Grande Domaine Kona Coffee
Private Reserve Kona Coffee
Swiss Water Decaf Kona
Estate Kona Coffee
Premium Hawaiian Sampler Collections
More Premium Hawaiian Coffees
SALE