https://www.cozycatfurniture.com/privacy-policy.html
Menu
Your Cart
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you place an order with our company, we need to know your name, e-mail address, shipping and billing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you about the order status. Your credit card information is transferred to us using secure servers and is automatically deleted from our system after our business is concluded. It is a policy of CozyCatFurniture.com and Peshoni LLC to keep your contact information (e.g., name, mail, and e-mail address, phone number) to provide you with services tailored to your particular needs. But, we NEVER sell, share, or otherwise disclose personal information about our customers. During your visit to CozyCatFurniture.com, we may provide links to other Websites operated by our partners or third-party vendors that we believe can offer you useful information and services. We do not endorse these sites or take responsibility for any third parties' privacy policies or actions that control these sites. We encourage you to carefully review each of these sites' privacy policies before sharing any personal information with them.   Privacy Statement Updates If we make changes to our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here to inform and update our customers on how we collect and use information.   If you feel that this site is not following its stated privacy policy or have any additional questions and comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at support@cozycatfurniture.com     Thank you!
Customer Photos
Thanks for the great cat furniture house! You know it's big when it can fit BOTH of your Maine Coons on one level!
Three of our little devils sleeping on the cat tower.
Sinatra and Dodger on the new cat furniture.
Can't wait for the other house one to arrive! Thank you! Renee Gunson
This is sooo great! The entire family is excited for Bam-bam, Sylvester, and Inita Mouseky! They seem to be thrilled as well.
Our cats seem to like the top two levels the most.
Thanks for the great cat tree!
Cat gym looks just like on the pic, even better in fact!
Belle and Gypsy last Fall when we got your two Cat trees ,this one in Toronto now! Stefania
Save up to 24% with our Sales & Deals
×
Save
oN Corner Cat Tree Furniture Climbing with 3 Very Soft Beds