https://www.sunward1.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
0
Menu
Home
Shop
Rocketry
NOMEX Ground Cover
NOMEX Parachute Protectors
NOMEX Shock Cord Protectors
Parachutes
Nylon Ripstop Streamer
Plastic Nose Cones
Rocketry Hardware
Special Purchase
Cesaroni Technology
CTI Pro 24 Hardware
CTI Pro 29 Hardware
CTI Pro 38 Hardware
CTI Pro 54 Hardware
CTI Pro 75 Hardware
CTI Pro 98 Hardware
CTI Pro 150 Hardware
HyperTek Hybrid Systems
Fuels Grains
Ground Support Equipment
I Motor Systems and Components
J Motor Systems and Components
Kline Valve Replacement
L Motor Systems and Components
M Motor Systems and Components
Motor Adapter Hypertek
Motor Injector Bell
Motors Systems
O-Rings Hypertek
Orifices
Tanks Hypertek
Vent Tubes
Blog
My account
Contact Us
Checkout
Cart
Lost password
0
no personal information is collected unless you provide it
all information is collected for ongoing business operations and is used to provide answers to questions provided, to supply product details, ordering, and general contact
all information will be used only for business purposes by Sunward Group Limited
only senior staff, managers, and directors of Sunward will have access to this information. Where required, other employees of Sunward will have any required access to perform their duties
no information will be given to third parties without your permission
business contacts may be used to introduce distributors to vendors
any and all information and or requests for illegal, dangerous end use, or criminal end use may be forwarded to appropriate authorities without notice
all information will be retained on existing computers and backup storage devices as long as deemed necessary.
any information to be disposed of will be done so only by deleting current files and emails. Archived data will not be changed unless ordered to do so by court order.
marking any correspondence “Private” and /or “Confidential” may not ensure the handling of said correspondence as such.
All correspondence sent and or mailed to Sunward will become the property of Sunward regardless of how addressed or marked. Sunward shall be free to post or redistribute the information regardless of how marked.
email mailing lists may be administered by other companies and their Privacy Policies may or may not supersede this Privacy Policy.
Business clients and purchasers may have their information on file as required by tax laws and may not be subject to deletion if requested.
Business clients and purchasers may have their credit information and or payment history supplied to other credit agencies, and/or other suppliers, and/or other companies.
Usage time may be monitored by Sunward or a contracted company for internal use. This information my be stored on a third party’s system
Links: some links in this site may lead to other sites not covered by this Privacy Policy or controlled by Sunward
this policy is subject to change without notice.
E.&O.E.
Order SupportShipping
Refund and Return Policy
Email Updates
Get to Know UsContact Us
About Us and our History
Canadian Sales
LegalTrust and Safety
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal, Copyright and Trademark Ownership