https://www.summitsports.com/security-policy.html
help-circled
minus
plus
cancel
ok
menu
angle-left
angle-right
angle-left
angle-right
angle-up
angle-down
cart-icon
bread-crumb-close
email-icon
star-icon
You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers
Mozilla FireFox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Microsoft IE
HOLIDAY BLOWOUT SALE
SHOP SALE
Home
/
Customer Service
/
Security Policy
Privacy & Security | Security Policy
Credit Card Security
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is important to us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. SSL is the gold
standard in Internet encryption technology, which is a fancy way of saying that it's a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website's servers.
For additional security we process and approve all credit card purchases with Chase Paymentech, the leader in eCommerce processing.  Chase Paymentech is responsible for processing 50% of all Internet transactions worldwide and has helped establish many of the eCommerce processing procedures and safeguards used today.
As a final safety net we employ Trustwave to ensure every transaction in not only safe but 100% PCI compliant.  Trustwave is designed to ensure that every single piece of sensitive or secure data you enter is kept that way.   As one of a select few information security experts to be globally certified by all credit card brands Trustwave keeps SummitSports.com ahead of the curve and your information completely safe.
Your credit card information is secure
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https."
Some browser versions and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, please feel free to place your order with us by phone at (888) 271-7500 Our Customer Service representatives will be happy to assist you.
SideArrow
Don’t Miss Out!
Get exclusive email sneak peeks and the latest on upcoming
sales, exclusive offers and events. Plus we’ll throw in a special
perk, just for signing up.*
* Offer valid for first-time registrants only.
Submit