http://www.wineprices.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy | Vinfolio
Privacy PolicyVinfolio, Inc. takes the privacy concerns of its customers very seriously. We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you register with our Website, why we collect it, and how it is used.This Privacy Policy explains the data collection, data security, and use practices of Vinfolio's Websites ("Website") and VinCellar™, our proprietary online cellar management tool. The terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to the customer utilizing our Website. The terms "Vinfolio", "we", "us", and "our" refer to Vinfolio, Inc. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms and Conditions.By using this web site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms and Conditions take precedence over any conflicting Privacy Policy provision. We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the "Last Updated" date of this Privacy Policy. For material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the home page of our Website or by email. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personally Identifiable Information we collect. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates. What Information is Collected?"Personally Identifiable Information" means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information, whether at work or at home. Vinfolio collects certain Personally Identifiable Information from you when you become a user of our Website. Information we collect may include your name, phone number, address, e-mail address, credit card information, the inventory of your cellar (including the price you paid, the source and the names and years of the wines), and your tasting notes on various wines. We collect this information because it is an integral component of our cellar management service.You can choose to modify, edit, or delete your Personally Identifiable Information by visiting the My Account page available from our Home Page after signing in. In order to provide the most convenient experience possible for our customers, the servers on the Vinfolio Website also automatically receive and record information from your browser on our server logs, including your IP address,cookie information1 and the page you request. You can set your browser not to permit cookies and other types of automated data collection. Automatically collected information is not linked to a user's personal information. We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate usage and volume statistics to help us provide better service to our customers. This information is not connected to any of your personal information.How is the Information We Collect Used?We use Personally Identifiable Information to support the services offered on our Website, notify you of technical updates or changes in policy, and to deliver other customer services. With your permission, we also may use Personally Identifiable Information to offer you new products and services. We also analyze server log data and certain Personally Identifiable Information in an aggregate form, such as aggregate purchase price and tasting note information, in order to develop new products or to create analyses that you can use. This information will only be used for aggregate analysis, and will never be presented or used in a way that identifies an individual customer without that customer's permission. From time to time, we may contract with third parties for services, such as the provision of operational support to the Website's server or marketing data analysis; these services may need to obtain access to Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide the service. If we disclose such information to third parties, it will only be for these limited purposes and we will take every precaution to keep such information secure; we will never disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any third party for that party's marketing purposes without your explicit permission. A third party is used to process credit card information for billing purposes.Is the Information Shared or Disclosed? Unless you agree otherwise, information collected from you is used to complete and support your Website usage and purchases from Vinfolio. Vinfolio does not rent, sell or share personal information it collects about you to or with other Vinfolio users or with third parties without your permission except as noted in the previous section. However, Vinfolio may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Vinfolio or this Website; (2) protect and defend Vinfolio's rights or property; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Vinfolio users, our Website, or the public. If Vinfolio should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, we may sell the information you provide to us on this Website to a third party or share your Personally Identifiable Information with any company with whom we merge. In such an event, users will be notified via email or a notice posted on the Web site. If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.The Security of Your InformationVinfolio operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and Privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Vinfolio protects the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input. Vinfolio also takes the additional step of requiring an additional sign in step to access any personal account information under the My account section for users who employ cookies.Your Email AddressVinfolio seeks to avoid sending unsolicited bulk email (spam). Vinfolio sends email messages to customers who have provided us with their email address and have elected to receive mailings. To opt out of promotion emails, click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email. If you opt out of promotional emails, Vinfolio may still send email messages related to your use of cellar management services and applications, the status of the Website or other information relating to your usage of our Website.If you terminate a particular email address, it is possible that a third party could adopt the same email address. In such cases, messages directed via email to you may be received by unauthorized parties (just as if you moved from one home to another and mail was delivered to your old address). If you then asked us for an email confirmation of your password, it would be sent to the person who adopted your address. You are responsible for notifying us of your new address if you terminate or change email accounts. If you do not notify us promptly of your termination of an email address, we assume no liability for any resulting misdirected messages, which could reveal your personal information, including possibly your account password, to third parties.Users are able to store credit card information used for services fees and purchases, and update that information in the "My account" page available from our home page after signing in. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Vinfolio does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.MinorsThis Website is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 21. Any person who provides their information to Vinfolio through the Registration, Sign In, or My account pages or any other part of our Website represents to Vinfolio that they are 21 years of age or older.Third Party WebsitesVinfolio's Website may contain links to other Websites that are not operated by Vinfolio. Vinfolio is not responsible for the privacy practices of Websites that it does not operate.