http://www.shakeawake.com/terms2.php?osCsid=3fdc10684ba080e227f1d19bc1ffad55
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Comments
Dealer Door
Retail Locations
Warranty, Return & Shipping Policy
Shake Awake Products
PO Box 1124
Great Falls, VA 22066-8124
Privacy Policy
Product Returns
Restocking Charge
Shipping Policy
Refused Shipments
Warranty Returns
Terms of Service for Credit Card Purchases
By placing an order with shakeawake.com, you agree, without condition, to the terms and conditions laid out on this page
Our Privacy Policy :
We at shake awake® Products are sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believe that the protection of those interests is one of our most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of our obligations, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that we acquires in the course of our business:
1. Acquisition of Information. We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely.
2. Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
3. Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
4. Disclosure to Third Parties. We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
5. Privacy and Our Business Partners. When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is necessary, and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Questions. If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via email; welcome@shakeawake.com Thank you
Back to Top
Product Returns:
Keep your proof-of-purchase.
No returns will be accepted without this.
If you are unhappy with or wish to return a product for a refund or if a refund is requested because the product arrived damaged or defective, we will gladly refund the purchase price of the item, but we do not refund return shipping charges.
The following conditions must be met:
1. Return the item postage pre-paid, with proof of purchase.
2. The product is in the original box and/or packaging,
3. The product is accompanied by all its original paperwork, instructions, warranty cards, and accessories
4. The returned product is postmarked within 35 days of shipment to you.
We are not responsible for return postage costs or shipping damages when you return an item so if you are concerned that it may be lost in transit we suggest you to insure your shipment.
Back to Top
Restocking Charges:
We charge a 20% re-stocking fee on any non-defective product purchased on this website that is returned to us. This will be deducted from the amount for the product (excluding shipping) which we will credit to your card. Any product purchased from a distributor or re-seller must be returned to them, according to their return policy. Returns to us must meet the conditions stated in "PRODUCT RETURNS".
There is no restocking charge if you are exchanging or returning an item because we made a mistake on your order, provided the item has never been used, is in original packaging and is ready to be re-sold.
Back to Top
Shipping Policy:
All products are shipped in 2-4 days according to the shipping options you have chosen on the Order Page. Unless otherwise requested all shipments will be made via US Postal Service, 1st Class Mail and will include delivery confirmation.
We do not refund shipping charges unless the reason for the refund is due to something we did wrong. Example: We accidentally sent you the wrong item and you want to cancel your order.
Back to Top
Refused Shipments:
You must accept the delivery once an order has been shipped. If you refuse delivery on an order because you changed your mind after the order was shipped, or for any other reason, we will be forced to pay the return shipping charges. Re-stocking charges will also apply. We will gladly process your refund and deduct these charges from the amount refunded.
Back to Top
Warranty Returns:
Shake Awake products are warranted against defects in workmanship and materials for a period of one year from date of purchase. The terms and conditions on the enclosed Warranty apply.
Warranty returns must be postmarked within one year from date of purchase.
IMPORTANT - BEFORE YOU RETURN YOUR SHAKE AWAKE PRODUCT: All products are shipped with factory fresh batteries. If the display is dim or segments missing the problem is almost always a weak battery, which needs only to be replaced.
Triple-Bel timers have a low battery indicator on the display .
Shake Awake Alarm Clocks have two - the single icon
is for the "AAA" battery which powers the clock. The double icons are for the "AA" batteries which power the vibrator. Replace with fresh batteries before contacting us for service.
In the unlikely event your product needs service and you are returning a product covered under warranty you must include the following:
1. The original proof of purchase
2. $5.95 handling fee for each product returned (you may pay for this on our website , please click here )
3. Send product to:
Shake Awake
PO Box 1124
Great Falls, VA 22066-8124
U.S.A.
We are not responsible for return postage costs or shipping damages when you return an item so if you are concerned that it may be lost in transit we suggest you to insure your shipment
Back to Top
Terms of Service for Credit Card Purchases:
The term "credit card holder" as used here is defined as the person or entity in whose name the credit card was issued by the bank or financial institution that appears on the credit card. When you complete a purchase from our online store using a credit card for payment, you agree
1. You are the credit card holder, a representative of the credit card holder or the credit card holder is aware you are making the purchase and has authorized you in advance to make the purchase using their credit card.
2. If you are not the credit card holder, you agree to notify the credit card holder of the purchase before making the purchase, and you guarantee to Shake Awake that you have made the credit card holder aware of the purchase in advance.
3. Should you have a problem with your purchase, you will contact Shake Awake Products via this website to allow us to resolve the problem before contacting either the financial institution that issued the credit card or the credit card company.
Back to Top
Shake Awake Products LLC
PO Box 1124
Great Falls, VA 22066
Contact Us
welcome@shakeawake.com
Phone/Fax: 703.757.5775
Toll Free: 1.888.60-AWAKE
Home |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Comments |
Policies |
Retail Locations |
Dealer Door
Copyright © 2010 shakeawake.com