https://www.thewoodsgifts.com/privacy-policy-the-woods-gifts
The Woods Gifts Online
Rewards Program
Learn how easy it is to get rewards
Earn 250 Points Just For Signing Up
Log into your rewards account
The Woods Rewards
Home
Privacy Policy | The Woods Gifts
Privacy Policy The Woods Gifts
IntroductionYour use of this web site is governed by the terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully. By using this web site, you agree to comply with and to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you may not use this web site and should exit from it now. Davlins, Inc. reserves the right to change this web site and these terms and conditions at any time without notice to you by posting such changes to this web site. You can view the most current version of these terms and conditions by clicking on the "Davlins, Inc. Legal Notice" hypertext link located at the bottom of the home page in this web site. Usage RestrictionsYou may not copy, distribute, or transmit any of the content of this web site without prior written consent from Davlins, Inc.. You may, however, make one copy of any material on this web site for personal, non-commercial use provided that you neither modify nor alter the material in any way, nor delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. Davlins, Inc. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights for materials copied from this web site. Davlins, Inc. provides the content of this web site for lawful purposes only. No WarrantyDavlins, Inc. provides this web site and its content "as is" and without any representation or warranty, express, implied, or statutory. Davlins, Inc. specifically disclaims any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Davlins, Inc. does not represent or warrant that this web site will be accessible without interruption or that this web site, any content from this web site, or the server that makes this web site available are free from errors, defects, design flaws, omissions, viruses, or other harmful components. Your use of this web site is at your own risk. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, in which case portions of this disclaimer may not apply to you. Limitation of LiabilityIn no event will Davlins, Inc. be liable, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive, or imputed), product liability, strict liability, or other theory, to you or any other person for any damages (including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages), arising out of or in connection with any use of, the inability to use, or the results of use of this web site or its content, even if Davlins, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in which case portions of this limitation may not apply to you. In no event will Davlins, Inc. be liable or responsible for any errors or omissions in the content of this web site, including, without limitation, errors in pricing or availability of services and products. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, Davlins, Inc. shall not be liable for any harm caused by the transmission, through the services provided by or with the information contained in this website, of a computer virus or other computer code or programming device that might be used to access, modify, disrupt or otherwise impede in any manner the operation of any software, hardware, data or property of the user. In addition and without limiting the foregoing, Davlins, Inc. makes no representations and assumes no liability regarding the quality, safety, accuracy or suitability for any use or purpose of any information or software found on any other website not under the control of Davlins, Inc., regardless of whether such other website is reached through a hyperlink on this website. IndemnificationTo the extent permitted by applicable law, user agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless, Davlins, Inc. or its directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the user's use of this site or materials and information contained herein. PrivacyDavlins, Inc. uses reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of any information provided to it or created, input or developed in connection with the use of this website, including the encryption of information input onto this website, but because such information can be accessed through the Internet Davlins, Inc. provides no assurances that any such information, or any communication through E-mail, will remain secure. In addition, Davlins, Inc. may disclose information collected on this website to its employees, representatives, officers, agents, and affiliates, as well as a governmental entity (a) for any purpose related to the conduct of Davlins, Inc.’s business, or providing or maintaining of any services provided on or through this website or (b) to comply with applicable rules, orders, subpoenas or other legal process, or in order to give information to any government agency or official requesting such information, or (c) for any other legitimate business purpose.
Advertising & RemarketingWe use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise TheWoodsGifts.com across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of our website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager
You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
This document supersedes all and any previous Privacy Policy and Liability Disclaimers made by Davlins, Inc. Davlins, Inc. (a.k.a. The Woods Gifts)15825 95th Ave NMaple Grove, MN 55369-4473888-838-4067
© 2014-2020 The Woods Gifts. All Rights Reserved.. View Local Events