http://www.mysolarshop.com/policy
HomeProduct SearchSite MapCheckoutTrack Your OrderFAQ's
Solar Lights
Solar Stones
Solar Figurines
Solar Water Fountains
Solar Specialty Lights
Solar Panels
Solar Flowers
Solar Holiday Lights
Solar Memorial Lights
Price Filter
$0 - $30
$30 - $50
$50 - $80
$80 - $100
$100 - $150
Over $150
My Solar Shop Policy Page | Privacy Information
Privacy Policy
At My Solar Shop, we want you to have the best shopping experience possible. In addition, while it is necessary for us to collect certain personal information, we respect and protect your right to privacy. The following policy is designed to answer any questions and concerns you may have regarding your privacy and the security of your information. If you have any additional questions or concerns, please contact our sales department.
What Information Do We Collect and How?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process your order and to notify you of your order status. We use Paypal secure services to process your order, you do not have to be a paypal customer in order to use this service.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, just e-mail our webmaster to remove your email from the newsletter.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
My Solar Shop does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Period.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
My Solar Shop is committed to protecting the information we receive from you. We use Paypal site during check out to ensure your information is protected. The security of your information, transactions, and money is the core of our business and our top priority at My Solar Shop.
PayPal automatically encrypts your confidential information in transit from your computer to ours using the Secure Sockets Layer protocol (SSL) with an encryption key length of 128 bits (the highest level commercially available). Before you even register or log in to our site, our server checks that you are using an approved browser - one that uses SSL 3.0 or higher.
Once your information reaches Paypal, it resides on a server that is heavily guarded both physically and electronically. Paypal servers sit behind an electronic firewall and are never directly connected to the internet, so your private information stays private.
Typos and Omissions
While we try very hard to ensure the accuracy of the information we provide, we are not responsible for vendor availability, typographical errors, technical inaccuracies, product pricing errors or omissions. My Solar Shop has the right to cancel any orders placed for any product listed at an incorrect price or shown with incorrect information, whether due to typographical error or otherwise and whether or not your order was accepted or your credit card charged. Upon any such cancellation, if your credit card has already been charged for the purchase, My Solar Shop will promptly issue a full credit to your account.
Changes in Policy
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the terms of service and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to My Solar Shop's Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our site.
My Solar Shop reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this Privacy Policy, at any time. We will post any changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policy.
Returns
We want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. If for any reason you are not satisfied, you may return your product, provided it is in unused condition, and it is within 7 days of delivery. To receive a refund/exchange from My Solar Shop, items must be returned within 7 days, with shipping and insurance prepaid (sorry, no C.O.D's can be accepted). Unfortunately, shipping fees cannot be refunded. Before returning any item, please use our contact form to request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. No returns of any type will be accepted without an RMA# (which is valid for 7 days). Some of our products are offered with free shipping, so please note if you return a product that has free shipping the actual outbound shipping costs will be deducted from your return refund.
Damaged/Broken Products
In the event that your products were damaged during transit, we ask that you KEEP the entire original package, packaging material and containers for later inspection. If the driver of the delivery agent is present during delivery, please note the damage in full detail on the delivery receipt. Even if the package appears to be slightly damaged please note this when you sign for delivery. Notify us immediately so that we may remedy the situation. Before returning any item, you must first email our returns department for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. No returns of any type will be accepted without an RMA number.
NOTE:
Do not throw away or alter any of the product and packaging, it must be in the same condition as it was received in order for us to properly establish that the damage was due to shipping, and not due to some other cause. We will not accept claims for shipping damage if any of the packaging or contents have been altered or discarded.
Defective Products
We carry a 30-day warranty on most of our products unless stated on the product description. Like most battery operated products the rechargeable batteries that are included with your product any have a 30 day warranty. You may return your product, providing you contact us and return the defective product within 30 days of your invoice date. Before returning any item, you must first email our returns department for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. No returns of any type will be accepted without an RMA number.
A product must be diagnosed "defective" or "damaged" by a member of the Technical Personnel. Any return found to be non-defective, once our warehouse has inspected it, is subject to a restocking fee of 20% and all non-product-related fees (shipping) are not refundable.
Return Terms:
· Shipping and Handling Fees are non-refundable.
· Return shipping cost is the customer responsibility.
· Return items are all subject to a 20% restocking fee.
· Damaged items must be reported to us immediately upon delivery.
· Return or refund can take up to 4 weeks to process.
· Original receipt and Invoice # required for any return and refund.
· All returns must have a RMA # (Return Authorization Number) from us to be accepted.
· All returned items must be in new and resalable condition, including the original box, packaging, and accessories.
· Non-returnable items include: Solar water features, solar pumps, solar fountains, and solar birdbaths.
· MySolarShop.com reserves the right to refuse products returned with obvious alternations, misuse, visible wear and tear or missing any of the manufacturers supplied accessories.
Coupon Code Policy
Coupon Codes for MySolarShop’s products are offered to existing customers as well as local newspapers and brochures, we also run coupon specials on Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites. Most of our coupons have a 30 to 60 day validation and are specifically designed for online or instore purchase only. Learn how to use coupon code
In general the following rules apply to MySolarShop’s coupon codes:
Coupon Code must be submitted at time of order.
One coupon per customer, one time use only.
Expired coupons are not valid (coupons have a 30 or 60 day validation).
Some coupons have minimum purchase requirements, or are only valid during certain dates.
Excludes shipping and applicable taxes.
Coupons are not valid on previous purchases, unless otherwise stated on the promotion.
Coupon Codes cannot be combined with any other coupons or discounts.
Offers are non-transferable and not redeemable for cash or gift certificates.
Entire online order must be shipped to a single address.
In the event that an item purchased using a coupon is returned, the discount value shall be forfeited on the refunded amount.
Current Coupon Offers:
My Solar Shop Area Coupons: Can be located at our retail location or at local businesses. -   Offer: 10% - 50% Off In-Store. 15% - 25% Off on all solar lights in our store. 50% Off on all discontinued solar products and non-solar products.
Facebook: Like us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/MySolarShop and receive 15% off your purchase, instore or online. Coupon code will expire 30 days after it has been issued. For more information on our facebook special please visit: http://www.mysolarshop.com/facebook-discount.html
Customer Appreciation: Write a review about the products you purchased and you will receive a coupon code for 10% off your next purchase. Coupon code will expire 60 days after it has been issued.
Special Promotional Policies
Special Discounts
Offer only valid while supplies last and is limited to sizes/styles available.
Offer cannot be combined with any other offer or used on previously purchased merchandise.
This promotional offer may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.
HOW IT WORKS
To participate, select the quantity of the desired sale product, then simply add a qualifying product to your shopping cart. Your discount will automatically be applied for each eligible item placed in your cart.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Discount only applied to qualifying product and will be automatically calculated at the time of checkout. Offer valid only while supplies last and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges. Discount not applicable with returned merchandise; total discount will be deducted from the value of any returned item to which the discount applied. Cannot be combined with any other promotional offer nor is this offer valid on previous purchases. Entire order must be shipped to a single address and customer is responsible for all shipping costs for returned merchandise.
Delays and Back Orders
Most orders are processed the same day they are received. Products in stock are normally shipped within 24-48 hours. If an item is out-of-stock, we can usually provide the buyer with an estimate of availability. If shipment has been delayed for other reasons, we usually notify customers so that proper delivery arrangements can be made. Though we make every possible effort to honor customer requests, we can not always guarantee specific color choices with units that have several colors available.
Shopping Cart
Items:
0
Subtotal:
$0.00
Product Search
Search
Solar Security Light
Solar Lights Guideline
Solar Deck Lights
More Solar Articles
FAQ's
"Frequently Asked Questions"
Home  ·  About Us  ·  Contact Us  ·  Shipping  ·  Policy  ·  Specials  ·  Feedback  ·  Resources  ·  My Solar Shop's Blog
Copyright © 2020 My Solar Shop - All rights reserved
My Solar Shop * 3709 Clarks River Road Paducah, KY 42003 * 270.443.5234