https://www.nutribodies.com/index.php?l=page_view&p=privacy_policy
Best Sellers
Newest Products
OUR BRANDS
Dietetic Advantage
Provata Bioactives
OUR GUEST BRANDS
Max One Nutrition
NOW
Schiek Sports
Twinlab
CATEGORY
Anti-Aging
Energy / Pre-Training
Digestive Support
Essential Fatty Acids
Essential Oils
Joint Support
Meal Supplements
Protein Powders
Recovery
Specialty Nutrition
Testosterone Support
Training Gear
Vitamins / Minerals
Weight Loss
BOGO:
MET-4
FREE SHIPPING OVER $79 (details)
A note to our clients about COVID-19
PRIVACY POLICY
[Last Material Update: February 3, 2018]
NUTRI-BODIES, LLC (the "Company") is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users. Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Site" refers to the Company's website, which can be accessed at nutribodies.com.
"Service" refers to the Company's services accessed via the Site, in which users can: (a) send the Company an email; (b) submit payment information when ordering products on our Site; and (c) submit shipping information when ordering products on our site.
The terms "we," "us," and "our" refer to the Company.
The terms "you" and "your" refers to you, as a user of our Site or our Service.
By accessing our Site or our Service, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions, and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect "Non-Personal Information" and "Personal Information." Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data, general demographic information we may collect, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, preferences you submit and preferences that are generated based on the data you submit and number of clicks. Personal Information includes your name, email address, payment information, shipping information, telephone number, and any other personally identifiable information you submit to us in order to contact you or to fulfill orders you request from us.
1. Information Collected via Technology
We track information provided to us by your browser or by our software application when you view our Site, such as the website you came from (known as the "referring URL"), the type of browser you use, the device from which you connected to the Service, the time and date of access, and other information that does not personally identify you. We track this information using analytics software provided by our Site's hosting provider.
The Company may use both persistent and session cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your session and until you delete them. For example, we store a persistent cookie to remember pre-purchase item(s) placed in your shopping cart. This allows you to add items to your cart, close the browser, and return with the items still available in your cart. A session cookie, also known as a transient cookie, is a cookie that is deleted when the user closes the web browser. The session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from the user's computer. They typically store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify the user.
2. Information you Provide us
In addition to the information provided automatically by your browser when you visit the Site, to contact us, you will need to submit to us your name, email address and any other information you voluntarily disclose to us. By submitting this information you are authorizing us to collect, store and use your email address in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
3. Children's Privacy
The Site and the Service are not directed to anyone under the age of 13. The Site does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have gathered personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete that information as soon as possible. If you believe we have collected such information, please contact us.
II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
1. Personal Information
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user's email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
In general, the Personal Information you provide to us is used to help us communicate with you and to fulfill orders you request from us. For example, we use Personal Information to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback from users, provide technical support, and inform users about promotional offers. We also use and share Personal Information with vendors to fulfill orders requested from us.
We may share Personal Information with outside parties if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable legal process or enforceable governmental request; to enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; address fraud, security or technical concerns; or to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
2. Non-Personal Information
In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.
III. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We implement certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
IV. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by unsubscribing, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.
V. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
VI. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Company reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.
VII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us.
SIGN UP FOR NEWS
By signing up, I agree to the NUTRI-BODIES privacy policy.
CONTACT
INFORMATION
About Us
Order Processing
Shipping
Returns
© 1999-2020 NUTRI-BODIES, LLC.
TERMS AND CONDITIONSPRIVACY POLICY