http://www.novanatural.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION? When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. SECTION 2 - CONSENT How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at jason@novanatural.com or mailing us at: Nova Natural Toys & Crafts 6655 Shelburne Road, #100 Shelburne Vermont US 05482 SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service. LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. SECTION 5 - SECURITY To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. SECTION 6 - COOKIES
Like many websites, we use "cookies." Cookies are pieces of information that a website either transfers to your computer's hard drive or stores temporarily in your computer's memory for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies for a number of purposes. For example, cookies help us to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this Website without checking out. When you log in at our Website with your username and password, we will assign you a secure session id. The server then passes your information to you through this secure session id. Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this Website. Cookies are also used to track the identity of the Website you visited immediately prior to visiting this Website; otherwise, we do not track information about your use of other Websites. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, we recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience on this Website. If you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this Website. SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at jason@novanatural.com or by mail at Nova Natural Toys & Crafts [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] 6655 Shelburne Road, #100 Shelburne Vermont US 05482