http://www.autolit.com/privacy-disclosure/
Home
About
Store
Trivia Garage
The Cars of James Bond
The Cars of Foyle’s War
Industry Legends Quiz
First’s & Last’s
Rules of the Road
Makes & Models Quiz
Weblog
Articles
Collection
Museum Video
Framed Artwork
Advertising Billboards
Exhibition Views
Contact
Privacy & Disclosure
Privacy Policy
AutoLit does not sell, rent, share or disclose customer or visitor information in any manner to any third parties.
AutoLit, including the online store at www.AutoLit.com/Store, does not store customer payment info on our web server. All sales are processed via PayPal and customers interact only with PayPal’s processing servers directly. If a customer decides to save an account on our store, payment data is not saved. Only information that is useful in helping the customer return to place additional orders and look up previous orders is saved and such accounts are completely optional and are NOT required to purchase from our store.
Cookies are used to save visitor session data to facilitate placing items in their shopping cart and being able to see what items they had been looking at. They are not used to track visitors off-site in any manner. Cookies are also used on some pages to help display more relevant items in our store that the user might be more interested in such as showing a slideshow of various Porsche items if the user has come to the store via a search on Porsche. Such cookies will expire on their own after a few months and do not store any user information aside from a particular Make of automobile.
We welcome visitor and customer inquiries regarding our privacy policy and seek to provide a safe and effective experience on our website for all of our valued customers.
Disclosure Information
The AutoLit website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
We do not alter or interfere with ad listings in any manner. Our site visitors can follow any and all advertising links with complete confidence!
Comments are closed.
Follow Me On:
New Quiz! The Cars of James Bond
New in the Weblog
Walter Miller NCC News Interview
Walter Miller’s Test Drive Videos
Pebble Beach 2014: Walter Miller Interviewed by Jay Leno
Walter Miller’s Peerless Sedan
Notable & Quotable
“Car designers are just going to have to come up with an automobile that outlasts the payments.”Erma Bombeck
Go To Top »
© 2019 Autolit.comPrivacy & Disclosure
Weblog
About
Contact