https://www.synergistsaddles.com/privacy/
Thank you for visiting the Synergist Saddles website and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is clear:
We do NOT sell our customer list or customer information to anyone.
We do NOT share our customer list or customer information with anyone.
We do NOT collect personal information unless it is provided by the customer we are seeking to assist.
Customer information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, fax number and billing information is collected for the sole purpose of providing services to our customers and periodically notifying them of improvements to our products and services.
At any time, customers may “opt-out” of such offers and notifications by following the opt-out link on the specific offer received, or by contacting us at information@synergistsaddles.com.
1. SYNERGISTSADDLES.COM is provided as a service to our customers by Synergist Saddles.
2. Information presented on SYNERGISTSADDLES.COM is considered proprietary information and may not be distributed or copied without permission from Synergist Saddles.
3. For site management, information is collected for statistical purposes. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics. This information is only used to see how people are navigating the site. It enables us to improve the overall site, make it easier to navigate and allows us to provide additional, updated information in the most popular areas.
4. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
5. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and will be scheduled for regular destruction.
6. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
7. This site contains links to other sites. synergistsaddles.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other such web sites.
8. Questions or comments about the information presented here, should be forwarded to information@synergistsaddles.com.
Fully Custom Saddles
Saddles For Women
Endurance Saddles
Lightweight Trail Saddles
Western Trail Saddles
Discounted Saddles
Custom Gaited Saddles
Custom Mule Saddles
New Saddle Tips
Custom Saddles Features
Custom Saddles Options
Custom Saddles Tooling
Custom Saddles Conchos
Leather Colors
Price List-Semi Custom
Price List-Custom
Parts of the Saddle
Saddle Gallery
Wither Tracing
Newsletter Sign Up
Order Free DVD
Order A Saddle
EQUImeasure Kit
Warranty & Guarantee
Shipping & Returns
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy
FAQ
Click Here...
to sign up for our FREE Newsletter!
Share this Page
Type and Press “enter” to Search
Close the Content Dock