http://www.beefjerkyoutlet.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main Menu
Products
Gift Headquarters
Franchise Opportunities
Jerky Rewards
Home
Our Story
Location Finder
0 items
View full cart
You're currently not shopping a store.
Find a Location
Primary tabsView(active tab)
Shop Now
BETTER WITH REWARDS!
JOIN TODAY TO START EARNING FREE JERKY.
JOIN NOW
The Beef Jerky Outlet Franchise, Inc. ("BJOF") Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") covers the information practices of https://beefjerkyoutlet.com. Questions regarding this statement should be e-mailed to Support@beefjerkyoutlet.com. BJOF has created this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to demonstrate our commitment to user and visitor privacy at our web site (the "Site") and within the services (the "Services") delivered by BJOF. This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect, use and share information. Our Privacy Policy applies whenever you visit the Site or use the Services.  This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out any form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for a contest, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Sharing of Information
BJOF may share users' and visitors' information in the following ways:
Credit card processing: BJOF uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on BJOF’s behalf.
Third party services: BJOF may partner with other parties to provide specific services. If a user registers for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personal information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Service providers: From time to time, we may disclose your personal information to organizations that perform services for BJOF, for example, to host web sites, provide customer support, and similar services. We will share with these companies only the personal information they need to provide the Services. These organizations will be required to agree to use such information solely for the purpose of providing services to BJOF, under our instructions, and to keep that information secure.
Group companies: From time to time we may provide information about users to BJOF's subsidiaries and joint ventures in order to provide those users the Services. Each of these entities will process information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Potential acquirers of BJOF's business: If the stock or assets of BJOF, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures or any combination of such are acquired by another entity, some or all of BJOF’s users' and visitors' personal information may be provided to such successor. In such a case, the successor will be instructed to handle the personal information in the same manner as provided in this Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement: We may be required under circumstances, to disclose personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, the courts, law enforcement, and national security requirements.
Security
BJOF uses appropriate administrative, technical, organizational, and physical security measures to protect our users' and visitors' information and data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, and alteration, and against unauthorized disclosure and access. We use standard industry practices to protect visitor and user information, including firewalls, SSL encryption, system redundancies, and co-location at a 24/7 secured, controlled third party environment.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee security of the information you transmit to us or host with us using our Services.
Unsubscribe from marketing
If you receive marketing e-mail messages from us and wish to opt out of receiving such messages, then you may simply follow the opt-out procedure specified in such e-mail.
Accessing and Updating Contact Information
We encourage our visitors and users to access, update and edit their contact information and keep it current. Users can easily access, correct or update their contact information at any time by logging into the BJO “Site” location and updating your profile.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights:
You have the right to access, correct, update or request deletion of the personal information we collect about you. Please send such requests to Support@BeefJerkyOutlet.com. You can also make changes to your BJOF personal profile at any time by logging into the “Site”.
We will acknowledge and respond to all access, correction, update, opt-out and deletion requests within 30 days of receipt. We will respond to all requests from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting-out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.beefjerkyoutlet.com
3609 Outdoor Sportsman Place
Kodak, Tennessee 37764
United States
support@beefjerkyoutlet.com
865-934-8000
1-865-934-8000 customersupport@beefjerkyx.comFor faster service, please contact your store by visiting the location finder.
Fundraising
Military Shipping
Join Our Team
Monthly Sweepstakes
Accessibility
© 2020 BEEF JERKY OUTLET ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2020 BEEF JERKY OUTLET ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY POLICY
×