http://www.hollywoodposterframes.com/index.php?p=page&page_id=terms_and_conditions
My Cart
(Cart is Empty)
Home
Our Frames
Free Shipping Offers
MultiPak Specials
Our Friends
Reviews
Tips
Guide to Oversize Framing
Are Spacers Effective
Framing Posters: Preservation and Low Cost
Protecting Your Posters
Poster Restoration
FAQs
Volume Accounts
Posters & Art
Original Art & Vintage Movie Posters
Frame Styles
Economy Frame
Premium Frame
Archival Frame
Deluxe Frame
Marquis Frame
Frame Sizes
4x6
5x7
Playbill Frame
Playbill Frame/mat float
Comic Book/mat float
45 RPM Record Frame
8x10
8 1/2 x 11
9x12
11x14
11x17
12x12 Scrapbook Frame
12 1/2 x 12 1/2 Album Cover
13x19
13x30 Daybill Poster
14x18
14x22 Theater/Window Card
14x36
16x20
18x24
20x30
22x28
24x30
24x36
27x40
27x41
30x40
Don't see your size?
Accessories
Pro Artist Tape
Plexi Cleaner
Coming Soon Banner
Now Showing Banner
Sizing it Up!
Better to be safe than sorry when framing your movie posters or other art work. Learn how to Measure...
We custom cut each frame!
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Access to computer data and files at Hollywoodposterframes.com are secured by password coding to prevent unauthorized access.
Hollywoodposterframes.com uses Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the most advanced security system available. When you use our secure checkout all of your personal information including your name, address, and credit card information, is encrypted before being safely transmitted across the Internet. Our standard checkout process encrypts all information before it is stored on our servers.
Therefore, making an on-line purchase at Hollywoodposterframes.com is as secure as using your credit card at the local store. Your credit card number IS NOT stored in our database.
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Privacy
We realize that customers are concerned about how the information they provide via the Internet will be used. Hollywoodposterframes.com believes that strong electronic privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of the Internet as a service and commercial medium. The information you enter here will be known to only two parties: you and Hollywoodposterframes.com .We are committed to protecting your personal information at all times.
We respect the privacy of our customers and promise not to disclose personal or business information to third parties. We will not sell or rent your name, email address, phone number, or any other personal information. Your email address will only be used to send confirmations. Your personal information that is requested on orders is used for the purchase of the item(s) and delivery only. All forms which ask for personal information are encrypted in transfer.
We want to provide you with superior customer service throughout your transaction; we will require your phone number and e-mail address as a part of your ordering information so that we may communicate with you about your order if there is a problem or delay.
We will not at any time request sensitive information such as a social security number, a Personal Identification Number (PIN) from a bank or credit card, or a driver's license number.
Guarantee
We stand behind our workmanship and have for 20 years. Call us now with any questions before you place your order. We want you to be happy with your purchase and feel confident that you are receiving a high quality picture frame at a low wholesale price. Each frame is securely packaged and shipped in a specially made custom framing box to ensure safe arrival.
All frames come with a full refund policy if not completely satisfied.
Taxes
All orders delivered within the state of Washington are subject to 8.7% sales tax.
Home
| Policies and Guarantee
| Contact Us
| How to Enable Cookies
| Looking for Posters?
| Volume Accounts
Site Design by Siena Solutions,L.L.C
Copyright 2008 HollywoodPosterFrames.com. All Rights Reserved.