http://www.venicegourmet.com/privacy.shtml
Venice Gourmet
625 Bridgeway
Sausalito, California 94965
Phone: (415) 332-3544
Fax: (415) 332-9157
info@venicegourmet.com
Our Menu
Venice Pizzeria
Adventures
Hours & Location
Privacy Policy
Effective June 1, 2018
At Venice Gourmet, we recognize and respect the personal privacy of our customers. Therefore,
we want you to know about the policies and procedures that we have developed to help protect the
confidentiality of nonpublic, personal information about our customers. Our privacy policy applies
to our customers that use our electronic services, provided through a personal computer on the
internet.
Our privacy policy is set out below and in the attached Privacy Notice; it is current as of the date
above. Our privacy policy is used by us as a guideline and a business-planning tool. It is not a
contract or standard that we are obligated to follow in all cases or in all manners, and we may
change it in accordance with our internal policy-setting procedures, from time-to-time. If you would
like to verify that this is or is not a current version of our privacy policy, please contact us at
(415) 332-3544
or by e-mail info@venicegourmet.com.
What Kind of Information is Collected about You?
At Venice Gourmet, we collect most of our information directly from you. How much we collect
depends on you.
If you are a visitor to our Web site www.venicegourmet.com,
our Web server automatically recognizes your Internet Service Provider's domain name and aggregates
information about what pages are visited. We use this information to improve the content of our Web pages.
Unless you make a request when you visit our Web pages, we do not collect e-mail or postal addresses,
or telephone numbers, to contact visitors.
If you are, or become, a customer of Venice Gourmet, nonpublic personal information about you is
collected from the following sources:
From you on applications or other forms (such as your name, address, credit card number, and billing information)
What We do With Information About You
In most cases, any nonpublic personal information about you that we collect is used by us in our
efforts to serve your needs and administer your personal accounts and transactions. All nonpublic
personal information collected and retained by Venice Gourmet is used for specific business purposes.
Thus, we may use the information to protect and administer your personal accounts and transactions, to
help improve or design our products and services, or for similar purposes.
Disclosure of Information to Others
With no exceptions, we do not and will not sell or share personally identifiable information about
you with others. If we change this policy, we will let you know beforehand and give you an opportunity
to "opt-out." As exceptions to this policy, we may from time-to-time provide personally identifiable
information about you to others:
In connection with the acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our business.
As part of any legal or regulatory requirements imposed on us.
Our "Privacy Notice" includes further information on the circumstances where we disclose information to
others. We do and will not share information with others under programs where the other person will use
the information to market their products or services to you.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
We will do our best to keep the information collected complete, current and accurate. When customers
notify us that the information is inaccurate, we will research the matter and make any necessary
corrections.
Employee Access to Information
Only authorized Venice Gourmet employees who have a legitimate business purpose for knowing
the information are authorized to access personally identifiable information. Each employee has
a responsibility for maintaining the confidentiality of customer information. We maintain physical,
electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic
personal information, and take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee responsibility.
Privacy Principles for Customers
Venice Gourmet is committed to ensuring the privacy of our customers' personal information.
Customers who are concerned about information privacy and want to tell us not to call, email or
send direct mail for additional products or services, or want to know more about this important
issue may contact Venice Gourmet at (415) 331-1409
or via e-mail
info@venicegourmet.com.
Please note that if you make this choice, we will still call you and send you email to service
your existing orders, or provide account related information (and, when doing so, the mail we
send may include pre-printed marketing materials in those mailings).
Protecting Children's Privacy Online
From our website, we do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13
without containing verifiable consent from their parents. Should a child whom we know to be under
13 send personal information to us, we will only use that information to respond directly to that
child, seek parental consent, or provide parental notice. We are not responsible for the data
collection and use practices of nonaffiliated third parties to which our web sites may link,
such as manufacturers
For more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC
web site: www.ftc.gov.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice contains important privacy information. This privacy notice describes
how we may now or in the future handle nonpublic personal information about you as our
customer. We may amend (add to, delete or change) these terms, with such prior notice as
is required by law.
What Companies Are Covered by This Notice?
This notice applies to the Venice Gourmet, Ltd.
What Information Do We Collect?
We work to maintain accurate information about our customers. We may collect nonpublic personal
information about you from the following sources:
From you on applications or other forms (such as your name, address, credit card number, and billing information)
What Information Do We Disclose, and to Whom?
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers
to anyone, except as required by law or with their consent.
How Do We Protect Confidentiality and Security?
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to
know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic,
and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal
information.
Security Statement
Venice Gourmet has a site certificate by VeriSign through our hosting company (NTT/Verio)
for authenticating the identity of the Venice Gourmet website. This ensures that you are
communicating with Venice Gourmet website and not an imposter. While using our online store
all communications are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). In order to provide this
protected environment we require that you use a browser with 128-bit encryption.
Encryption is the scrambling of information transmitted between two points. It cannot be decoded
until it has reached its destination, protecting your privacy. Also, Venice Gourmet systems
are protected by "firewall systems" which allows only authorized entry.
If you have further questions regarding Security, please contact us via email at
info@venicegourmet.com or call us at
(415) 332-3544.
Let's Be Social
Stay connected with the latest news and happenings:
Our Hours
Monday:
Tuesday:
Wednesday:
Thursday:
Friday:
Saturday:
Sunday:
9:00am to 6:00pm
9:00am to 6:00pm
9:00am to 6:00pm
9:00am to 6:00pm
9:00am to 6:00pm
9:00am to 6:30pm
9:00am to 6:30pm
625 Bridgeway Sausalito, CA 94965
(415) 332-3544
(415) 332-9157
info@venicegourmet.com
The Perfect Gift
Enrich someone's special celebration with a Venice Gourmet Gift Certifcate, and let
them choose from our latest offerings to traditional favorites.
Gift Certifcate by calling us at (415) 332-9157
Our Location
Click to view larger map
© Copyright 2018 Venice Gourmet. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Use