http://www.hayloftwestern.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Home
Men's
Ladies
Children
Boots
Jeans
Exotics
Hats
Gift Cards
Shop by Brands
American West
Ariat
Charlie One Horse
Cinch
Corral Boots
Dan Post
Dingo
Durango
Ely
Gingerich
Hayloft
Justin Boots
Laredo
Leegin
MF Western
Montana Silversmith
Monte Carlo/Bullhide Hats
Mudpie
Nocona
Old West/Jama Boots
Resistol Hats
Rocky
Roper
Sidran Inc
Smoky Mountain Boots
Stetson Boots and Apparel
Stetson Hats
Timberland
Tin Haul
Tony Lama
Twisted X
Wolverine
Wrangler
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Cart
Close cart
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Free shipping On all orders over $75!
We cannot guarantee Christmas Delivery for anything not in stock at the store, and for even in stock items after Dec.18th.
Privacy Policy and Security:Your Privacy at Hayloft Inc.
We value the trust you place in Hayloft, and we want you to be aware of the safeguards we have in place to respect your privacy. The below policy tells you about the information we gather about you and how we use it. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy,
please contact us at hayloftwestern@yahoo.comHow do I know my personal information is secure?We do our best to provide you with a safe and privacy of your personal information. Using your credit cards on the Hayloft website to order products is, in fact, significantly safer than placing credit card orders with conventional mail order houses or even making purchases at a retail store where paper work is sorted. Our shopping cart portion of our site is backed by the industry leader (Verisign) to ensure our site providers the highest level of security.PrivacyHayloft does not share, sell or trade customer convenient shopping experience. We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial safeguards to protect the security information, including e-mail addresses. Customers credit card information is used to complete the order only. We do not use or release any credit card or financial information for any purpose. For privacy purposes, all information relating to our customers is sorted on a highly secure server that is not accessible via the Internet.SecurityThe security of your credit card and personal information is a top priority at Hayloft Inc. We strive to make your online shopping experience an enjoyable one by assuring you a secure transaction at any time of day or night, 365 days a year! When you place an order with us online, your order information is protected using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts all personal information before it is transmitted over the Internet. You can rest assured that your transaction is confidential and secure at all time.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"