https://www.archery-den.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Reviews
Bows & Accessories
Best Compound Bows
Best Crossbows
Best Recurve Bows
Best Broadheads
Best Hunting Boots
Best Crossbow Bolts
Archery Blog
How To’s
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Table of ContentsIntroductionContact Data and Other Identifiable InformationMobile Device PrivacyAdvertising NetworkCookiesDisputesARBITRATIONNo Users Under the Age of 13Amazon Associates ProgramTerms ContactLast Updated
Introduction
This privacy policy (“Policy”) and this site’s Terms of Service (together the “Terms”) govern all use of https://www.archery-den.com and that site’s services (together the “Site” or “Services”). The owners and contributors to the Site will be referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Policy. By using the Site or its Services, and/or by clicking anywhere on this Site to agree to the Terms and this Policy, you are deemed to be a “user” for purposes of this Policy. You and every other user (“you” or “User” as applicable) are subject to this Policy. You and each user also agree to the Terms by using the Services. In these Terms, the word “Site” includes the site referenced above, its owner(s), contributors, suppliers, licensors, and other related parties.
We provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices, so that you can decide whether and how to interact with the Site and the Services.
We may release your information when we deem it appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also review our Terms of Use section that governs the use and the users of the Site.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If we have your email address, we may also send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contact Data and Other Identifiable Information
This site collects certain user information, which may include a username and password, contact information, or any other data that you type in to the site. It may also identify your IP address to help identify you on future visits to the site. At our discretion, the Site may use this data to:
Personalize the user experience and/or customer service
Improve the site
To process transactions
Administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature or function
Send email to users
The site will only share such user data with these third parties in the aggregate, using collected data reporting on user activity and data that the site collects, but not identifying individual users. Information limited to or identifying individual site users will not be shared.
Mobile Device Privacy
The following applies to our site, when viewed on a mobile device:
When accessed with a mobile deivce, our site may collect information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you have, device identifiers, and information about your use of the site. Regardless of the device you use to access the site, it will also collect information you provide, as well as information about your interaction with the site and its content.
If location services are activated on your mobile device, our site may collect information about the location of your device. Your mobile network service providers may collect device-specific information, such as a device identifier, when you use our website or one of our mobile applications. This information collected by your mobile network service will not be associated with your user account with us, or with your personally identifiable information.
Advertising Network
We use one or more third party vendors to serve ads on the Site. To serve ads and determine how our users use the Site, these services use cookies, or small pieces of code to serve ads to Site users based on users’ visits to the Site and others. Users may adjust their browser settings to disallow the use of cookies. With cookies turned off, certain features of the Site may work less efficiently or not at all.
We use Google as an advertising services provider for the Site. Users may opt out of Google’s use of the DART use-tracking cookie by visiting the Google advertising Policies & Principles page. If you opt out of ad tailoring, you will still see ads, but they will not be based on your browsing history, and they may appear in other languages.
Cookies
This site uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of code that the Site or a service provider will put on your computer if your Web browser allows it. The Site uses cookies to recognize and keep certain information. On the Site, that information may be used to recognize your computer and browser from current or past visits to the Site or related sites. We may use this cookie-captured information to improve our service to you, to aggregate information about visitors to the Site and their behavior, to remember and process items in your shopping cart, to understand and save user preferences, or to keep track of advertising. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
In most Internet browsers, you can change your settings so that you will be warned each time a cookie is being sent, or so that cookies will be turned off. With cookies blocked, some functions of the Site may not operate properly. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
Disputes
We are based in New York and you are contracting to use our Site. This Policy and all matters arising from your use of the Site are governed by and will be construed according to the laws of New York, without regard to any choice of laws rules of any jurisdiction. The federal courts and state courts that have geographical jurisdiction over disputes arising at our office location in New York will be the only permissible venues for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Policy or the Site and Service.
ARBITRATION
Notwithstanding anything that may be contrary within the “Disputes” provisions above, all matters, and all claims within a multi-claim matter, that are arbitrable, including all claims for monetary damages, shall be decided by a single arbitrator to be selected by us, who shall hold hearings in or near New York, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association.
No Users Under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use the Site at any time. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from anyone under the age of 13, we will erase that information from our servers. It is a violation of our Terms of Service for children under the age of 13 to use the Site.
Amazon Associates Program
www.archery-den.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Advertising Partners
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Advertising partners may include:
– Amazon Associates
– Clickbank
– Commission Junction
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.archery-den.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.archery-den.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.archery-den.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Terms Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms, please address them to william@www.archery-den.com.
Last Updated
These terms were last updated on July 14, 2020
CloseHome
Reviews
Bows & Accessories
Best Compound Bows
Best Crossbows
Best Recurve Bows
Best Broadheads
Best Hunting Boots
Best Crossbow Bolts
Archery Blog
How To’s
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy