http://www.customjersey.com/pages/returns-and-refunds-policy
HomeShipping, Returns & Refunds Policy
Shipping, Returns & Refunds Policy
Shipping PolicyWe will usually ship any stock item within 48 hours of your order. This is only for in-stock undecorated items. Custom items or stock items that are going to be customized with lettering or numbering take approximately four to six weeks for production. Then allow 2-7 days for shipping depending on what method you choose to ship. Contact us if you have any questions about shipping times for your order.We offer free ground shipping within the continental United States on all:A4 Apparel orders over $250.00Holloway Sportswear orders over $270.00Athletic Knit orders over $450.00Undecorated Teamwork Athletic orders over $150.00Badger Sports orders over $270.00For all other manufacturers, you pay for the actual cost of freight, we never charge for handling.   We can ship by any method you prefer:UPS ground2-Day3-Day Select orNext Day Air.Our products ship from multiple locations so delivery time will vary based on the manufacturer's shipping location and where you are located.All A4 and Teamwork Athletic apparel ship from Southern California.All AK and Dynamic apparel ship from Buffalo, NY.Holloway apparel ships from Ohio.Richardson Cap ships from either Oregon or Ohio. We will ship from the closest location to you if the items are available.ORDER CANCELLATION POLICYAny order that has had artwork approved and been entered into production cannot be canceled. Any order that has been placed and you have not yet approved artwork, will incur a 10% cancellation fee.RETURNS & EXCHANGESAll returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.You can return or exchange in-stock items as long as they are unworn and have not been decorated. A 15% restocking fee will apply to all returned merchandise which is not defective. Any garment which we deem to be defective in manufacturing will be replaced at our expense. Defective garments can only be exchanged for the exact same garment, we will not give refunds. All returns must be shipped prepaid.No return will be accepted without a return authorization (RA) number. Please contact us before returning any garment so we can give you the RA number as well as the correct address to return to. The RA number must be clearly marked on the outside of the returned package and on the shipping label. No credit or replacement will be given unless you have received an RA number. Credit for replacement merchandise that has been shipped out will not be given until we receive the returned merchandise.Check all merchandise carefully before printing. Returns WILL NOT be accepted after merchandise is printed or has been worn. No additional cost of printing or other applications will be credited.Face Masks and PPE: Due to the nature of the product, we will not accept returns or exchanges on any masks, bandanas or gaiters. All sales are final.
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY ACCOUNT
SIGN UP
Sign up now!
SIGN UP
We're here to help!
Need assistance? For many quick questions you may find the answer in our FAQ page; if not, feel free to contact our team using the information below.Customer ServicesCall Us: (888) 202-3117Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm (Pacific Time)Send us an emailSHIPPINGFree ground shipping within continental United States on select brands with a qualifying minimum order. PAYMENTSAccepts the following payment methods:We accept VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, PayPal, personal/company check. We don't offer credit terms and no C.O.D. We accept purchase orders (PO) from schools only. PayPal: Shop easily online without having to enter your credit card details on the website.RETURN POLICYReturns & Refunds: All returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.
These size charts brought to you by CustomJersey.com are easy, self-explanatory and ensures that the apparel you buy will fit you perfectly. For accurate results, grab your best fitting clothes, measure them and determine your size according to the guidelines mentioned in the chart. If you have any doubts about how our products fit, don't hesitate to contact us.A4 Sizing ChartAugusta Sportswear Sizing ChartsAthletic Knit Sizing Chart. PLEASE NOTE: Waist sizing for shorts/pants with elastic waist is "relaxed" measurement. Waist will stretch an additional 3"-4"Dynamic Sizing ChartHolloway Sizing Chart
Shipping PolicyWe will usually ship any stock item within 48 hours of your order. This is only for in-stock undecorated items. Custom items or stock items that are going to be customized with lettering or numbering take approximately four to six weeks for production. Then allow 2-7 days for shipping depending on what method you choose to ship. Contact us if you have any questions about shipping times for your order.We offer free ground shipping within the continental United States on all:A4 Apparel orders over $250.00Holloway Sportswear orders over $270.00Athletic Knit orders over $450.00Undecorated Teamwork Athletic orders over $150.00Badger Sports orders over $270.00For all other manufacturers, you pay for the actual cost of freight, we never charge for handling.   We can ship by any method you prefer:UPS ground2-Day3-Day Select orNext Day Air.Our products ship from multiple locations so delivery time will vary based on the manufacturer's shipping location and where you are located.All A4 and Teamwork Athletic apparel ship from Southern California.All AK and Dynamic apparel ship from Buffalo, NY.Holloway apparel ships from Ohio.Richardson Cap ships from either Oregon or Ohio. We will ship from the closest location to you if the items are available.ORDER CANCELLATION POLICYAny order that has had artwork approved and been entered into production cannot be canceled. Any order that has been placed and you have not yet approved artwork, will incur a 10% cancellation fee.RETURNS & EXCHANGESAll returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.You can return or exchange in-stock items as long as they are unworn and have not been decorated. A 15% restocking fee will apply to all returned merchandise which is not defective. Any garment which we deem to be defective in manufacturing will be replaced at our expense. Defective garments can only be exchanged for the exact same garment, we will not give refunds. All returns must be shipped prepaid.No return will be accepted without a return authorization (RA) number. Please contact us before returning any garment so we can give you the RA number as well as the correct address to return to. The RA number must be clearly marked on the outside of the returned package and on the shipping label. No credit or replacement will be given unless you have received an RA number. Credit for replacement merchandise that has been shipped out will not be given until we receive the returned merchandise.Check all merchandise carefully before printing. Returns WILL NOT be accepted after merchandise is printed or has been worn. No additional cost of printing or other applications will be credited.Face Masks and PPE: Due to the nature of the product, we will not accept returns or exchanges on any masks, bandanas or gaiters. All sales are final.
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO
We use cookies to improve user experience, personalized content, and analyze website traffic. We may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you consent to the storing cookies used for these services on your device. Please read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for full details.
Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue