https://www.theinkflow.com/terms-of-service/
Home / Terms and Conditions
Pricing.
Our pricing policy gives you our customer, the maximum Purchase Discount possible. The discounted prices are listed immediately after the suggested retail price for each item in our catalog- and this is your discounted online price.
Some suppliers do not allow us to display a discounted price; please contact us for your price.
Security on Line
Every purchase you make at TheInkFlow™ is 100% Safe. All online transactions are encrypted using SSL encryption. When you submit your credit card number, the web transmits details in a scrambled form.
You may also place your order directly by calling (210) 493-6135 or faxing your request at (210) 492-4366. Feel free to call us or to fax us for pricing or to place an order, or just to ask questions.  Our email is finespens@theinkflow.com. Our telephone is functional from Monday to Friday, from 9 AM to 6.30 PM CST.
Outside the U.S.A.?…
Contact us for information. Se Habla Español.
Backorders
We will notify you if we are out of stock on any item you order. At your option, you can cancel the order or give us the requested time to fulfill your purchase.
Privacy Statement
Any information gathered by TheInkFlow™ is used solely for the convenience of our customers. No data will be shared with or sold to a third party. As for “Cookies,” we use them only to keep a record of the articles in your shopping cart, and they expire in one week.
Shipping & Handling
We ship using any Parcel Service or U.S. Priority Mail to ensure that you, the customer, have the most cost-effective method available. Charges are:
Shipping cost only, for any order.
International orders do not include the cost of taxes, duties, or brokerage fees (if applicable) levied by the country of destination. They will collect those fees at the time of delivery. Please check with your customs authorities before ordering.
We do reserve the option of determining the specific shipping method.
Shipping Notification
We will notify you by email, the shipping date, and the tracking number of your order.
Displayed Items
We do our best to display items using the most recent image available from the manufacturer, and we are not responsible for changes they might make to their products.
Payment
For your convenience, we accept Master Card, Visa, American Express, Discover. And PayPal. Sorry no C.O.D.
Return and Refunds
We stand behind the products we sell. Please contact us if this becomes necessary, within 30 days of the date of sale. Please ensure any return.
Returns Due to Defects in Manufacture
If there is a defect in materials or workmanship, you may return the defective item within seven days for an exchange.
Other Returns
If you are not satisfied with the item for any other reason, you may return it within 30 days for a refund, less shipping charges. You may also exchange it, at your option, providing it is in new, original packaging with booklets and warranties.
If it is a fountain pen, please note the following: you must not have filled it with ink, for once filled, the pen is considered used and is consequently non-returnable.
Specially Ordered Items.
Specially ordered or discounted items as well or special or limited edition pens may be returned but are subject to a 10% restocking fee.
Pens Dropdown MenuPen Collections
Inks and Refills
Stationery
Leather and Accessories