https://www.growerssolution.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
About our Organization and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organisation like GrowersSolution.com. We are based in the USA. Our principal activity is the sale of various horticultural products.
Our privacy policy covers the GrowersSolution.com website.
- Organization Name: Grower's Solution
- Controller: Grower's Solution
- Web Sites: www.GrowersSolution.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web site
Our Web site enables our visitors to communicate with other visitors, and to post information to be accessed by others, through our product ratings and review section. Our Web site includes links to third party Web service providers for payment authorization.
Automatic Collection of Information
We automatically log personal data by means such as programming, or we link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals.
We do so only for the following purpose: Customer administration
We use cookies to store personal data, but we do not link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
- Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer you the means to opt out of this new purpose by contacting us via email us.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
* unauthorised access * improper use or disclosure * unauthorised modification * unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you
You can ask us, by sending an email(to: crf@growerssolution.com), whether we are keeping personal data about you.
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within approximately one week. - although we may before require proof of your identity. We will provide the information without any charge. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data: * rectified or amended
We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal. We do, however, allow you to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Categories
Containers & Pots Film & Shade Cloth Greenhouses & Accessories Plants Irrigation Growing Accessories Home & Garden Chemicals YouTube Channels
Discover our sales and newest products via email!
Join our Email List
Unsubscribe
Copyright © 2005 - 2020 Growers Solution, LLC.
LINKS×
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Contact Us
Government P.O.'s
International Orders