http://www.overrunz.com/privacy.php
Today's Deal
All Products
Z-bucks Rewards
Blog
Your Cart
Sign Up
Log In
Who is Overrunz • How it Works
Follow @overrunz
Your Price: $0.00Save Over 0%MORE INFOYour Price: $0.00Save Over 0%MORE INFOYour Price: $0.00Save Over 0%MORE INFOYour Price: $0.00Save Over 0%MORE INFO
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We at Overrunz International Inc. are committed to
respecting your online privacy and recognize your need
for appropriate protection and management of any personally
identifiable information ("Personal Information")
you share with us.
Overrunz has established this Online Privacy Policy
so that you can understand the care with which we intend
to treat and respect your Personal Information.
Personal Information means any information that may
be used to identify an individual, including, but not
limited to, a first and last name, a home or other
physical address and an email address or other contact
information, whether at work or at home. In general,
you can visit the Overrunz web pages without telling
us who you are or revealing any Personal Information
about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information
on the Web, we may transfer that Information within
Overrunz or to Overrunz' third-party service providers,
across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction
to other countries or jurisdictions around the world
for the sole purpose of having you order processed
effectively, safely, and under strict security.
Overrunz strives to comply with all applicable laws
around the globe that are designed to protect your
privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from
country to country, Overrunz intends to adhere to the
principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy
even if, in connection with the above, we transfer
your Personal Information from your country to countries
that may not require an "adequate" level
of protection for your Personal Information. In other
words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal
Information no matter where that Personal Information
is collected, transferred, or retained.
Back to Top
Cookies and Other Tracking
Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and
other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is
a small text file that may be used, for example, to
collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies
and other technologies may serve to recall Personal
Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most
browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether
or not to accept them and how to remove them.
You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive
a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your
browser, but please note that if you choose to erase
or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your
original user ID and password to gain access to certain
parts of the Web site.
Tracking technologies may record information such
as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol
(IP) addresses; browser software and operating system
types; click-stream patterns; and dates and times that
our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other
tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web
site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information
that does not contain Personal Information for trends
and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following
principles:
Notice
Choice
Security
Access/Accuracy
Back to Top
Notice
Overrunz does not intend to transfer Personal Information
without your consent to third parties who are not bound
to act on Overrunz' behalf unless such transfer is
legally required.
Back to Top
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal
Information to Overrunz. If you choose not to provide
the Personal Information we request, you can still
visit the Overrunz Web site, but you may be unable
to access certain options, offers, and services that
involve our interaction with you.
If you chose to have a relationship with Overrunz,
such as a contractual or other business relationship
or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact
you in connection with that business relationship.
Back to Top
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within
Overrunz or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable
and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information
that you share with us from unauthorized access or
disclosure.
Back to Top
Access/Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal
Information, Overrunz wishes to maintain accurate Personal
Information. Where we collect Personal Information
from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means
of contacting Overrunz should you need to update or
correct that Information. If for any reason those means
are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates
and corrections about your Personal Information to:
info@overrunz.com and we will make reasonable efforts
to incorporate the changes in your Personal Information
that we hold as soon as practicable.
Back to Top
Third
Party Services
Third parties provide certain services available on
Overrunz.com on Overrunz' behalf. Overrunz may provide
information, including Personal Information that Overrunz
collects on the Web to third-party service providers
to help us deliver products, information, and services.
Service providers are also an important means by which
Overrunz maintains its Web site and mailing lists.
Overrunz will take reasonable steps to ensure that
these third-party service providers are obligated to
protect Personal Information on Overrunz' behalf.
Overrunz does not intend to transfer Personal Information
without your consent to third parties who are not bound
to act on Overrunz' behalf unless such transfer is
legally required. Similarly, it is against Overrunz'
policy to sell Personal Information collected online
without consent.
Back to Top
Children's
Privacy
Overrunz.com is not structured to attract children.
Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information
from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.
Back to Top
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and, are actively involved
in and support current industry initiatives to preserve
individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting
your privacy online is an evolving area, and Overrunz'
Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our
Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@overrunz.com.
While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will
address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon
as possible.
Back to Top
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of
our Online Privacy Policy and to Overrunz' processing
of Personal Information for the purposes given above
as well as those explained where Overrunz collects
Personal Information on the Web. Should the Online
Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable
step to ensure that these changes are brought to your
attention by posting all changes prominently on our
web site for a reasonable period of time.
MAIN
Join Overrunz.com
Past Deals
Reward Store
Contest
LEARN
About Overrunz.com
About Z-bucks
Contact Overrunz
Privacy Policy
Become an Affiliate
CONNECT
Overrunz Blog
Facebook
Twitter (@overrunz)
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Google+
Blogger
Find us on Facebook
Close