http://www.amsprinting.com/help
Products
Bags, Plastic Bags, Poly Bags, Plastic Packaging
Boxes & Cartons
Checks & Banking Supplies
Correspondence Cards
Custom Printing
Envelopes
Equipment
Flags
Inkjet & Laser Cards
Labels
Rubber Stamps & Embossers
Safety Supplies
Signs
Tabs & Filing Products
Tags
Tapes
Contact Us
Cart
Sign in
Help
Help and Frequently Asked Questions
Ordering
Do you have a minimum dollar amount for orders?
How can I be a tax exempt customer?
How do I get a Free Gift with my purchase?
How do I get my Invoice or Receipt?
How do I redeem coupon discount codes?
What is Quick Order? And how do I use Quick Order?
What forms of payment do you accept?
What are AMS Printing’s policies on Internet Security and Privacy?
How does AMS Printing ship ordered products?
Does AMS Printing ship products internationally?
How soon will my order ship after placing an order?
General Information
What are AMS Printings work hours?
How do I register and create an account at AMS Printing’s website?
Do you accept government and school purchase order?
Where is AMS Printing located?
How do I search AMS Printing’s web site?
How do I request a printed AMS Printing catalog?
How do I request a product sample?
Quotes
How can I get a custom quote?
Return or Damaged Goods Policy
What is AMS Printing’s return policy?
What if I receive my package damaged?
Do you have a minimum dollar amount for orders?
There is no minimum dollar amount for orders. Some products have minimum box or package requirements.
How can I be a tax exempt customer?
Your business or company may be eligible for tax exempt status if:
You are reselling AMS Printing Products.
Your business qualifies for tax exempt status. (Educational, Charitable, etc.)
For tax exempt customers, AMS Printing is required to maintain Certificate of Resale Cards for companies claiming tax
exempt status.
How do I get a Free Gift with my purchase?
Free Gifts are automatically awarded to you according to dollar value of purchases (excluding tax and shipping). Free
Gifts will be shipped to shipping address separately from ordered products. You can receive 1 free gift from each
gift level each calendar year.
How do I get my invoice or receipt?
A receipt or invoice will be e-mailed to you after your order has been submitted with the total charges of your order
and an order reference number. To view other important information regarding your order or order history you can
always log in to My Account found in top banner our web site.
How do I redeem coupon discount codes?
Often AMS Printing sends out advertisements with coupons and discount codes on AMS Printing products. These discount
codes can be entered in your shopping cart in the coupon code box and this discount will be applied to your
order.
What is Quick Order? And How do I use Quick Order
Our Quick Order permits our customers to add items to your Shopping Cart using AMS Printing part numbers. Quick Order
can be found at the top bar of our web site.
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept the following payment methods:
Debit cards, when a pin number is not required
Visa, MasterCard, AmericanExpress
Personal or Corporate Checks
AMS Printing can also grant customers net 30 day terms, subject to credit approval. To set up credit account with AMS
Printing contact ams@amsprinting.com for a credit application.
What are AMS Printing’s policies on Internet Security and Privacy?
AMS Printing’s website uses many security measures to make sure that all transactions and your information are
protected. Using SSL encryption we protect your account information during transmission. All information you supply
to AMS Printing will be protected by AMS Printing and will not be shared or sold to any third party.
How does AMS Printing ship ordered products?
Many of
AMS Printing’s products are shipped free via UPS ground within the continental United States with prepayment. Some
products have a minimum dollar value in order to qualify for free ground shipping. In your shopping cart AMS
printing will supply an estimated shipping charge on your order for orders that do not qualify for free shipping.
AMS Printing can ship your order via any expedited service you require, just choose the service and AMS Printing
will ship your order per your instructions.
Does AMS Printing ship products internationally?
AMS Printing proudly ships it products all over the world. All sales are in US dollars.
How soon will my order ship after placing an order?
All items are produced as fast as possible to get you your products as soon as possible. All products will be given a
production turn-around time for shipment in the shopping cart area.
What are AMS Printing’s working hours?
Our web site and Fax numbers are open 24 hours a day.Our phone lines are available 9 am to 5 pm (PST)
How do I register and create an account at AMS Printing’s website?
You can register and create an account for AMS Printing by clicking on the top bar. By registering to our website you
will be setting up your account information that will remember your billing and shipping information. You will be
able to set up your account and protect your information with your own personal password. If you forget your
password you can have it emailed to your email address. Your privacy is extremely important to us. All information
will be protected and not given to any third party.
Does AMS Printing accept government or school purchase orders?
We gladly accept government or school purchase orders. Please fax us your government or school purchase orders and
one of our customer service representatives will review your order and process your order.
Where is AMS Printing located?
AMS Printing
335d Convention Way
Redwood City, CA 94064
1-800-427-5585
How do I search AMS Printing’s web site?
You can search our product line by entering a description of the product or product number you are looking in our
search engine on our website. Our state of the art search engine will find what your looking for instantly. If you
still need additional assistance please contact one of our friendly representatives for help.
How do I request a printed AMS Printing catalog?
To request that one of our catalogs be sent to you please use our catalog request link on our website and a catalog
will be sent to you.
How do I request a product sample?
AMS will be happy to send you samples of our high quality products. Please use our sample request link on our website
and samples will be sent to you.
How can I get a custom quote?
To get a custom quote on please call us at 1-800-427-5585 or fax us a request for quote on your custom job to
650-298-9332. You can also send us a request for quote via our web site by clicking on the request for quote tab on
top of the page. One of our estimators will review your request and send back an estimate as soon as possible.
What is your return policy?
All custom orders can not be returned. Some stock items can be returned. For stock items that are returned customers
will be responsible for all shipping charges and any restocking fees. Contact AMS Printing for a Return Merchandise
Authorization Number. No return will be accepted without a RMA number. You will need to write the RMA numbers on
outside of package when returning items to AMS Printing.
What if I receive my package damaged?
If you receive a product that is damaged AMS Printing will replace the damaged products. Call one of our friendly
representatives and we will assist in getting you replacements.