https://www.weathershop.co.uk/shop/privacy-policy
We use cookies to improve and personalise our services and marketing. Carry on browsing if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Close
More information
We're Open & Delivering. See COVID-19 Information for our CustomersFast deliveryNext day for most products No quibble guaranteeAnd price match promise
Looking after the personal data you share with us is hugely important. We want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure with us and understand how we use it.Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.Our Privacy and Cookies Policy was updated on 25 May 2018. What this Policy coversThe data controller is Tempcon Instrumentation Limited (referred to in this policy as “we”, “our”, or “us”). Weather Shop and EnviroMonitors are trading names of Tempcon Instrumentation Limited.The registered office address and business address is:Unit 19 Ford Lane Business Park Ford Lane Ford Arundel West Sussex BN18 0UZOur UK VAT Registration Number is GB322039106We are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal information. That’s why we’ve developed this privacy and cookies policy (“Policy”), which explains:the types of personal data that we collecthow and why we collect and use your personal datawhat we do with your personal datawhen and why we will share personal data with other organisations; andthe rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.This Policy applies to you if you use our services (referred to in this Policy as our “Services”). Using our Services means:purchasing from us; orcreating an account with us; orsubscribing to our marketing communications; orcontacting us, or if we contact you about our Services.Our Websites may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organisations.Personal data we collectThis section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.When you create an account with us, or purchase from us, you may provide us with:Your personal details, including your name, postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and titleYour account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen.When you purchase from us online or browse our Websites, we may collect:Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites)Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers).When you subscribe to our marketing communications, or when you contact us, or we contact you, or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaires about our Services, we may collect:Personal data you provide about yourself (for example: your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you communicate with us through social mediaDetails of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click onYour feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires.Other sources of personal dataWe may also use personal data from other sources, such as where you have contacted a product manufacturer directly and they have forwarded your personal data to us as their UK representative, so we can contact you to assist with your enquiry.How and why we use personal dataOur legal basis for processing is ‘Legitimate interests’. This is defined by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as “the processing is necessary for your legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.”This section explains in detail how and why we use personal data.To make our Services available to youManage the accounts you hold with usProcess your orders and refunds.Why do we process your personal data in this way? We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to purchase and help you with any orders and refunds you may ask for.To manage and improve our day-to-day operationsManage and improve our WebsitesWhy do we process your personal data in this way? We use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites to improve your customer experience.Some cookies are necessary, so you should not disable these if you want to be able to use all the features of our Websites. You can disable other cookies, but this may affect your customer experience. For more information about cookies and how you can disable them, see the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below. Help to develop and improve our product range, services, information technology systems and the way we communicate with youWhy do we process your personal data in this way? We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range, services and stores. This allows us to serve you better as a customer. Detect and prevent fraud or other crimeWhy do we process your personal data in this way? It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services.To personalise your experienceUse your online browsing behaviour and other interactions with us (such as if you express interest in a product to one of our staff), as well as your telephone and online purchases to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalised offers and services.Why do we process your personal data in this way? Looking at your browsing behaviour and purchases allows us to personalise our offers and services for you. This helps us meet your needs as a customer. Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by email, post, phone or online advertising), relating to our products and services, but only if you have previously agreed to receive these marketing communications. Online advertising may be displayed on other organisations’ websites and online media channels.Why do we process your personal data in this way? We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this, we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and services that better meet your needs as a customer.When you make a purchase or create an account with us we will ask if you would like to receive marketing communications. You can unsubscribe at any time by: clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link that all of our marketing emails contain, or by writing to us using the contact details at the bottom of this page.To contact and interact with youContact you about our Services, for example by phone, email or post, or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.Why do we process your personal data in this way? We want to serve you better as a customer, so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications. Manage promotions and competitions you take part inWhy do we process your personal data in this way? We need to process your personal data so that we can manage the promotions and competitions you choose to enter. Invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by us and by other organisations on our behalf.Why do we process your personal data in this way? We carry out market research to improve our Services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Services. To help us to better understand you as a customer and to be able to provide you with services and marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests, we also combine personal data we collect when you make purchases over the phone with personal data collected from our Websites and other sources.Sharing personal data with Service ProvidersThis section explains how and why we share personal data with Service ProvidersWhen we share personal data with these companies we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.Service ProvidersWe work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. The recipients of the personal data include companies that help us with storing and combining data, processing payments, delivering orders and email marketing (including automated decision-making of whether a particular email would be relevant to send you). We only share personal data that enables our Service Providers to provide their services.Some of the Service Providers we work with operate online media channels, and they place relevant online advertising for our products and services on those online media channels on our behalf. For example, you may see an advert for our products and services as you use a particular social media site.The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Where this is the case, we require the third party to make sure your personal data is treated in line with this Policy.The third parties that may store personal data outside the EEA are:Infusionsoft (email marketing). Read more hereRemarkety (email marketing). Read more hereOlark (web chat). Read more hereQuoteValet (online sales quotations, records of customer and prospect interactions with us).PayPal (secure online payment processing)SagePay (secure online payment processing)WorldPay (secure online payment processing).In addition, sometimes We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimise this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behaviour and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymised form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymised user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.Sharing personal data with other organisationsThis section explains how and why we share personal data with other organisations.We may share personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:if the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data;if we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk);to an organisation we sell or transfer (or enter into negotiations to sell or transfer) any of our businesses or any of our rights or obligations under any agreement we may have with you to. If the transfer or sale goes ahead, the organisation receiving your personal data can use your personal data in the same way as us; orto any other successors in title to our business.How we protect personal dataWe know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. This section sets out some of the measures we have in placeWe use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, and we enforce access controls to our files to keep this data safe. We only authorise access to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).We enforce electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data. We may occasionally ask for proof of identity before we share your personal data with you.However, whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer over the Internet to us.Retention periods for the personal dataWe will only keep personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we obtained it.Cookies and similar technologiesWe use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels (“Cookies”), to personalise and improve your customer experience as you use our Websites and to provide you with relevant online advertising. This section provides more information about Cookies, including how we use them and how you can exercise your choices about our use of Cookies. If you use this website, then you accept that we can use the cookies set out below.What are cookies?Cookies are small data files placed on your computer hard drive by your browser as you use and navigate around this and other websites.How we use cookiesCookies help us to provide important features and functionality on our Websites, and we use them to improve your customer experience. For example, we use Cookies to do the following:Improve the way our Websites workCookies allow us to improve the way our Websites work so that we can personalise your experience and allow you to use many of their useful features.For example, we use Cookies so we can remember your preferences and the contents of your shopping basket when you return to our Websites.Improve the performance of our WebsitesCookies can help us to understand how our Websites are being used, for example, by telling us if you get an error messages as you browse.These Cookies collect data that is mostly aggregated and anonymous.Deliver relevant online advertisingWe use Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous site visitors. This means we may advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Google, and other Third-party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on an individual’s past visits to the website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with the policies outlined above and Google’s privacy policy.You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely.Measuring the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertisingCookies can tell us if you have seen a specific advert, and how long it has been since you have seen it. This information allows us to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns and control the number of times you are shown an advert.We also use Cookies to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have opened a marketing email that we have sent you.Your choices when it comes to cookiesYou can use your browser settings to accept or reject new Cookies and to delete existing Cookies. You can also set your browser to notify you each time new Cookies are placed on your computer or other device. You can find more detailed information about how you can manage Cookies at the All About Cookies and Your Online Choices websites.If you choose to disable some or all Cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our Websites. For example, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, proceed to checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in.Where we display personalised adverts on other organisations’ websites, the AdChoices icon will usually be displayed. Clicking on this icon will provide you with specific guidance on how to control your online advertising preferences. More information is available on the YourAdChoices website.Your rightsThis section outlines the rights available to you in respect of the processing of personal data. If you would like to find out further details of your rights and see examples, visit the Information Commissioner’s website here.Your right to be informedYou have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data. Informing you about this is the purpose of this Privacy Policy.Your right of accessUnder the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to see the personal data we hold about you. This is called a Subject Access Request (SAR).If you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please email our Data Protection Officer, Jim Copeland at info@tempcon.co.ukWe will provide a copy of your information free of charge. However, the law allows us to charge a ‘reasonable fee’ when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitiveYour right to rectificationWe want to make sure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. If any of the details are incorrect, please let us know and we will amend them.Your right to have all of your personal data erasedYou have the right to have your personal data erased if:the personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose which we originally collected or processed it for;we are relying on ‘consent’ as our lawful basis for holding the data, and you withdraw your consent (This may mean that we are no longer able to provide services to you);we are relying on ‘legitimate interests’ as our basis for processing, you object to the processing of your data, and there is no overriding legitimate interest to continue this processing;we are processing the personal data for direct marketing purposes and you object to that processing.The right to restrict processingYou have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data in certain circumstances. This means that you can limit the way that we use your data. This is an alternative to requesting the erasure of your data. When processing is restricted, we are permitted to store the personal data, but not use it.The right to data portabilityYour right to data portability allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data that we have for your own purposes across different services.The right to data portability only applies:to personal data an individual has provided to a controller;where the processing is based on the individual’s consent or for the performance of a contract; andwhen processing is carried out by automated means.Your right to objectYou have the right to object to:processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling);direct marketing (including profiling).Rights related to automated decision making including profilingAs part of our marketing activities, we may use profiling and automated decision-making to help identify whether you may be interested in a particular marketing communication; this could include for example a special offer on a product, or an invitation to an event. Most of the time, decisions will be based solely on previous product purchases or interest expressed in a product, but other factors such as your location could also be used.You can object to your personal data being used for profiling.Your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityIf you feel that your rights have been breached in any way, you should contact our Data Protection Officer, Jim Copeland at the address below or lodge an official complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office via their website (https://ico.org.uk) or by writing to: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire,  SK9 5AF.How to contact usIf you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights listed above, in the first instance, please contact us.Telephone:  01243 558270Email: info@tempcon.co.ukWrite to us at:Ford Business Park Ford Lane, Ford West Sussex BN18 0UZ, UKWe reserve the right to change the policy at any time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this Policy.Useful resourcesThe Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) is the UK’s independent body to uphold information rights. The ICO’s website has useful information on data privacy and your rights.To learn more about staying safe online, visit Internet Matters and Get Safe Online.WEATHER SHOPFord Lane Business ParkFordWest SussexBN18 0UZ, UKCALL: 01243 558280No Quibble Guarantee & Price Match PromiseDelivery ScheduleOur LocationTerms & ConditionsPrivacy & Cookies PolicyAnti SpamTestimonialsLinks - CustomersLinks - SpecialistLinks - Weather ForumsInstallation ServicesSoftware ServicesOur WeatherPopular Blog PostsDavis Reseller OpportunitiesAbout UsCoupons/VouchersSTAY IN TOUCHFacebook Twitter LinkedIn InstagramSECURE PAYMENTS
© 2009 - 2020 Weather Shop         Company Number: 1535366   VAT Number: GB 322 039106