https://www.marinamarket.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Home
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:  We consider your account information to be private, and we keep this information on a secure server to protect it from outside parties. We use the information only for the limited purposes of processing your orders, administering our site, and notifying you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you (only if you select to be included on our mailing list). We do not share your private information with anyone. We know that our customers expect us to keep information about them private and secure. This statement describes our privacy policy. By visiting marinamarket.com, you are accepting the practices described below.
Personal Information that marinamarket.com Gathers:  We reserve the right to store any information that you give us other than your credit card number and avs code, of which you provide us via our web site, over the phone, or in any other way. This includes address information and shopping choices. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as shipping your packages, responding to your requests, improving our selection, and communicating with you. We may also use that information for future marketing purposes.
Automatic Information:  We receive and store certain data elements whenever you log on to our web site. Like many web sites, we use cookies and obtain browser information like referring pages and browser brand and version. We also timestamp the date and time of your visit and your IP address is recorded for each order.
Email Communications: Our newsletter is entirely opt-in, and every newsletter we send has a link to automatically unsubscribe. If you do not want to receive email from us, simply click on the unsubscribe link or let us know by emailing support@marinamarket.com.
How We Use Cookies:  Cookies are small files that reside on your computer that web sites transfer to your hard drive through your browser. Our cookies simply enable our web site to recognize who you are in order to offer you personalized browsing including items you have viewed and suggested items. We also use cookies to store items in your shopping cart before checkout. In order to shop successfully at marinamarket.com, you need to leave cookies turned on in your browser's settings. For the best experience and to take advantage of our coupons, log in to your account!
How marinamarket.com Shares Information About Customers:  Marina Market provides your shipping information to USPS and FedEx. We securely transmit your credit card data to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. As web technology and the online operating environment are constantly evolving, we cannot accurately predict all future applications of the data we store about your order history. If you strongly oppose any use of your contact information other than what is needed to fulfill orders, please let us know by emailing us at support@marinamarket.com.
With respect to law enforcement, we may be obliged to release personal information if we believe such release is appropriate to comply with the law, or protect the rights, property, safety of marinamarket.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with organizations that fight fraud and identity theft.
Security of Sensitive Information:  We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only a fragment of your credit card number when confirming an order. Information stored in our customer database is protected using state-of-the-art security methods.
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES:  Our business is 100% PCI Compliant and is scanned regularly by Third Party Security Experts to ensure the security of all data present in our store. All payment information is encrypted and cannot be viewed by anyone.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Statement may change periodically. Please check our web site frequently to see if any changes take place. However, we will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
×
×