http://www.aviationmegastore.com/en/info/terms-and-conditions#Section-7i
Your Reliable AviationHobby Source Since 1989
Home
Shopping cart Log In
aviationmegastore.com
aviationoutletstore.com
aviationshopsupplies.com
aviationmegatrade.com
737-simulator.com
Quick Search
Go
Advanced Search
Aviation ShopcategoriesAircraft Scale ModelsAviation BooksFlight SimulationMetal SignsPilot ShopAircraft Scale ModellingVarious Aviation itemsDownloadsFlight Simulator Download SoftwareComputersComputers for Flight SimulatorsPublic holidaysAmended or confirmed opening hours of the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop in Aalsmeerderbrug on the following dates:Th24-12Open 10-16 hrs
Fr25-12Closed
Sa26-12Closed
Th31-12Open 10-16 hrs
Fr01-01Closed
Aviation Megastore website is available without limitations. Orders are processed during shop operating hours.
Frequent buyers programme
Collect Megapoints for MegavouchersRead the conditions...
Hold & Store service ©
Aviation Megastore offers unique Hold & Store service © for internet customers that wish to combine several individual orders to one single shipment, reducing the overall shipping cost significantly.Read more...
NewsletterClick here to subscribe to our newsletterView latest Weekly NewsletterView latest Daily Newsletter
Terms and Conditions
GENERAL
1.     Definitions2.     Business Identity3.     Applicability of Terms and Conditions4.     Goods and services offered        4a.  Disclaimer        4b.  Pricing
5.     Tax (VAT)
5a.  Tax refund
STORE
6.     Luchtvaart Hobby Shop        6a.  Exchanges        6b.  Warranty and complaints
WEBSITES
7.     Aviation Megastore & Armo(u)r Megastore        7a.  General        7b.  Online Purchase agreement        7c.  Order processing        7d.  Pre-orders        7e.  Special orders        7f.   Shipping                i.  Delivery via UPS                ii. Delivery via mail services        7g.  Returned parcels        7h.  Pick-up service        7i.   Hold & Store service        7j.   Warranty and complaints        7k.  Right of withdrawal        7l.   Cookies        7m. Customer account
PRODUCT DISCLAIMERS
8.     Product Disclaimer        8a.  General Products Disclaimer        8b.  Collector's Models Disclaimer9.     Privacy Policy
Section 1: Definitions as used in these 'Terms and Conditions':
Company: Luchtvaart Hobby Shop B.V. trading as Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop: Shop situated in Aalsmeerderbrug, the Netherlands.
Aviation Megastore websites: Collective name for online stores including: AviationMegastore.com, AviationOutletStore.com, AviationShopSupplies.com, AviationMegatrade.com, ArmorMegastore.com, ArmourMegastore.com
Goods: products, items, merchandise. Designations are used interchangeably and have the same meaning.
Visitor: customer, client, shopper, buyer, purchaser. Designations are used interchangeably and have the same meaning.
To index >>
Section 2: Business Identity
Luchtvaart hobby Shop B.V.Address and visiting address:      Molenweg 249      1436BV Aalsmeerderbrug      Netherlands
Phonenumber +31 ? (0)20 446 0611E-mail: info@aviationmegastore.comChamber of Commerce number: 72000236VAT-identification number Netherlands: NL 8589 36410 B01Business hours: Monday-Friday: 10-18 hrs, Saturday 10-17 hrsClosed on Sundays and public holidays. For days before or after public holidays alternative business hours may be applicable.
To index >>
Section 3: Applicability of terms and conditions
All services and website services provided by the Company and any of its respective affiliates, related companies, unaffiliated partners and/or licensors are provided to visitors subject to the 'terms and conditions'.
By visiting, using or accessing (either in person, by computer, e-reader, mobile or other electronic device now or hereafter devised) Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or any Aviation Megastore website,  mobile enabled Aviation Megastore website, or mobile application) or any products, content or other services available in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or on Aviation Megastore websites, visitors agree to be bound by these 'terms and conditions' and such other additional or alternative terms, conditions, rules and policies which are displayed or to which visitors may be directed in connection with any particular Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore website (collectively the "Terms and Conditions"), all as may be modified by the company in accordance with these 'terms and conditions'. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 'Terms and Conditions' will also apply if a visitor has access to an Aviation Megastore website or service, or authenticate as a user, through a third party website or social media application (for example, through Twitter® or Facebook®). These 'Terms and Conditions', along with any modifications or additional or alternate terms or conditions referred to, shall be the entire agreement between visitor and the Company and any prior communications between visitor and Aviation Megastore (including, for example, e-mails) do not form part of these 'Terms and Conditions'. If visitor does not agree with these 'Terms and Conditions' any Aviation Megastore website or any of the Services should not be attended by the visitor.
Certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or on Aviation Megastore websites are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of the Company or its affiliates. Other trademarks, trade names and service marks used or displayed in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or on Aviation Megastore websites are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners. Nothing contained in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or on Aviation Megastore websites grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos displayed in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or on Aviation Megastore websites without the written permission of the Company or such other owner.
It is customer's responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any item purchased from Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore websites. By purchasing or placing an order, customer represent that the products purchased will be used only in a lawful manner. All DVDs and similar products sold are for private, home use (where no admission fee is charged), non-public performance and may not be duplicated.
In these 'Terms and Conditions' the terms Company, Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore are used to include any of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, affiliates, agents, successors or assigns.
Choice of Law; Jurisdiction. The 'Terms and Conditions', the use of Aviation Megastore websites, and all related matters are governed solely by the laws of The Netherlands, excluding any rules of private international law or the conflict of laws which would lead to the application of any other laws. Any dispute between the Company and customers or any other person arising from, connected with or relating to Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore, these 'Terms and Conditions' or any related matters must be resolved before the courts in The Netherlands, and customers hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the original and exclusive jurisdiction of those courts in respect of any such dispute or matter. To the extent permitted by law, any claim or cause of action customers may have arising from, connected with, or relating to the use of Aviation Megastore websites, or these 'Terms and Conditions', customers agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration customers waive any right to a jury trial.
To index >>
Section 4. Offering: Goods and services
Goods and services offered are registered in the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop database.
Aviation Megastore websites are internally locked to the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop database.
Except for goods offered via ArmorMegastore.com and/or ArmourMegastore.com are all goods offered displayed and stored in the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop at Aalsmeerderbrug, the Netherlands, unless otherwise indicated in the Aviation Megastore websites.
Goods are offered and digitally displayed on Aviation Megastore websites.
Section 4a. Disclaimer
Pricing: Goods and services may inadvertently be priced incorrectly. Any errors are unintentional. Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore will not be obliged to supply goods or services at the incorrect price.
Discrepancies in quantities between Aviation Megastore websites and the actual situation are not binding to Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore.
Obvious mistakes or errors in description or representation of the offered goods are not binding to Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore.
Section 4b. Pricing
Goods in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop are offered with pricing expressed in Euro's including applicable VAT.
Goods on Aviation Megastore websites are offered with pricing expressed in Euro's including applicable VAT and excluding VAT.
Prices vary widely by the high degree of dependency on fluctuating exchange rates of various currencies.
Prices are adapted to current circumstances ad hoc and on regular basis.
In case of discrepancies or errors in pricing on goods in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop, prices of those goods as published on Aviation Megastore websites are leading.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop is not bound to supply at prices other than those published on Aviation Megastore websites.
Goods and services may inadvertently be priced incorrectly. Any errors are unintentional. Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore will not be obliged to supply goods or services at the incorrect price.
To index >>
Section 5. Tax
All deliveries within the European Union are subject to Dutch VAT: 9% VAT for books and magazines and 21% VAT for all other goods and services.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop offers goods and services including VAT regardless of nationality or country of origin or destination of the customer.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop offers goods and services free of VAT conditionally (*) to verified VAT registered companies located within the European Union, outside the Netherlands.
Aviation Megastore applies VAT to goods and services (including shipping fee) to individuals located in or with delivery address within the European Union.
Aviation Megastore does not apply VAT to goods and services to verified VAT registered companies located within the European Union, outside the Netherlands.
Aviation Megastore does not apply VAT to goods and services (including shipping fee) to individuals or companies situated in or with delivery address in countries outside the European Union.
Customers situated in or with delivery address in countries outside the European Union are responsible for proper import documentation and permits and the payment of applicable import duties, taxes and import handling.
(*) Customers are empowered and designated representatives of the company and show proper identification as such.
Table below shows the applicability of VAT application and exempts as described above.
Resident
Business to Business
Pick-up from
Delivery destination
VAT charged
EU
No
shop
Yes
EU
No
EU
Yes
EU
No
Outside EU
No
EU
Valid VAT
shop
No
Conditional
EU
Valid VAT
EU
No
EU
Valid VAT
Outside EU
No
Non-EU
shop
Yes
Refundable
Non-EU
EU
Yes
Non-EU
Outside EU
No
Section 5a. Tax ? refund for non-European Union citizens
1.     Luchtvaart Hobby Shop uses the services of Global Blue Tax Refund.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop offers Global-BlueTax Refund cheques to customers residing in countries outside the European Union, spending € 50,00 or more in the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
These cheques enable customers to retrieve a considerable amount, not all, of paid VAT upon departure of the European Union.
Departure may be via Amsterdam Schiphol Airport or any other airport or border post in the European Union.
Refundable amount can be collected immediately at designated banks or paid into creditcard accounts at choice.
VAT refund amount varies from 6,5% for purchased books and magazines to 17,5% for all other purchases. The refund is done under the sole responsibility of Global-Blue Tax Refund.
2.     Luchtvaart Hobby Shop offers refund for the complete amount of VAT paid under the following conditions:
Total invoice amount is € 50,00 or more.
Valid customs export stamp has been applied to original invoice confirming departure of goods to destination outside European Union.
Original invoice with valid customs export stamp is handed over to Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
Identity of customer is confirmed by copy of valid traveldocument or similar means of identification..
To index >>
Section 6. Luchtvaart Hobby Shop in Aalsmeerderbrug
Section 6a. Exchange of purchased goods
Exchanges of purchased goods in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop are accepted under following conditions:
Exchange is performed in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
Exchange must be within 7 days from date of purchase or after consultation at later date in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
Receipt of purchased goods must be shown.
Goods and package are in mint condition and suitable for onward sale.
Exempted from exchange are purchases containing:- Special Order orders- Non-prefabricated goods made on the basis of an individual choice of or decision by the customer or which are clearly personalized to the customer's specifications- Goods of clearly personal nature- Goods with limted shelf time- Sealed audio or sealed video recordings or sealed computer software which have been unsealed after delivery- Time-based products, such as magazines
Section 6b. Warranty and Complaints
Goods purchased in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop are free from defects unless otherwise stated or may be assumed.
Complaints must be reported to Luchtvaart Hobby Shop immediately and within 48 hours after purchase.
Customers should check items and contents of packages before leaving the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop building or the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop parkinglot.
Complaints filed after departure will not be eligible for reimbursement of any travel- or shipping cost as a result of these complaints.
Legal warranty for goods purchased by European Union citizens is 2 years after purchase.
Invoking warranty after 2 years will be processed only in accordance with warranty and conditions as applied by the manufacturer.
Warranty for goods purchased by non-European Union citizens is in accordance with applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any.
Warranty after 2 years always expires when no longer can be relied on the respective manufacturer, distributor or suppliers affected by bankruptcy or cessation of production.
Eligible warranty claims at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or its suppliers imply free of charge repair or replacement. The warranty is limited to the repair or replacement of the defective part or product, and emphatically exclude any reimbursement of shipping fee and import duties.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aviation Megastore hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product service or modification by other than Luchtvaart Hobby Shop approved maintenance, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop is not liable for consequential damages or inconveniences.
To index >>
Section 7. Aviation Megastore
Section 7a. General:
Products, Content and Specifications: All features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on Aviation Megastore websites, are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain measures and similar descriptions are approximate and are provided for convenience purposes only. Images of goods and services serve to illustrate the offered goods and services. Every reasonable effort is made to accurately display the attributes of the products, including the applicable colors. Display and color capabilities of the equipment used to view may affect the colors actually experienced on the screen. No guarantee for color, texture or detail of products to be accurately correct for the product listed. Every reasonable effort is made to accurately describe the products. Descriptions may be incomplete or out of date.
Availability: The inclusion of any products or services on Aviation Megastore websites at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time.
Typo's: Information on Aviation Megastore websites may contain typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability.
Corrections: Aviation Megastore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after online order has been submitted).
Accuracy of Information. Aviation Megastore attempts to ensure that information on Aviation Megastore websites is complete, accurate and current. Despite Aviation Megastore's efforts, the information on Aviation Megastore websites may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Aviation Megastore makes no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or currentness of any information on Aviation Megastore websites. For example, products included on Aviation Megastore websites may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on Aviation Megastore websites. In addition, Aviation Megastore may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is Aviation Megastore's practice to confirm orders by e-mail, the receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute Aviation Megastore's acceptance of an order or confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. Aviation Megastore reserves the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. Aviation Megastore also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.
Use of Aviation Megastore websites. The design of Aviation Megastore websites and all text, graphics, information, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from Aviation Megastore websites are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and may not be used except as permitted in these 'Terms and Conditions' or with prior written permission of the owner of such material. Visitors of Aviation Megastore websites may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from Aviation Megastore websites in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. Any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations.
Linking to Aviation Megastore websites. Creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on Aviation Megastore websites without Aviation Megastore's prior written permission is prohibited. Running or displaying Aviation Megastore websites or any information or material displayed on Aviation Megastore websites in frames or through similar means on another website without Aviation Megastore's prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to Aviation Megastore websites must comply will all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Third Party Links. From time to time, Aviation Megastore websites may contain links to websites that are not owned, operated or controlled by Aviation Megastore. All such links are provided solely as a convenience to the visitor. If visitors use these links, they will leave Aviation Megastore websites. Neither Aviation Megastore nor any of Aviation Megastore's respective affiliates are responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other website. Neither Aviation Megastore nor any of Aviation Megastore's respective affiliates endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other websites, or any content, materials or other information located or accessible from any other websites, or the results that visitors may obtain from using any other websites. Visitors deciding to access any other websites linked to or from Aviation Megastore websites, they do so entirely at their own risk.
Disclaimers: The use of Aviation Megastore websites is at the visitors own risk. The information, materials and services provided or through Aviation Megastore websites are provided 'as is' without any warranties of any kind including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. Neither Aviation Megastore nor any of its affiliates warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, materials or services provided on or through Aviation Megastore websites. The information, materials and services provided on or through Aviation Megastore websites may be out of date, and neither Aviation Megastore nor any respective affiliates makes any commitment or assumes any duty to update such information, materials or services. The foregoing exclusions of implied warranty do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. Visitors should refer to their local laws for any such prohibitions. All products and services purchased on or through Aviation Megastore websites are subject only to applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law Aviation Megastore disclaim all warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, any implied warranties with respect to the products and services listed or purchased through Aviation Megastore websites. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aviation Megastore hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product modification, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation. The foregoing exclusions of implied warranty do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. Visitors should refer to their local laws for any such prohibitions.
Limitation of liability: Aviation Megastore websites do not assume any responsibility, or will be liable, for any damages to, or any viruses that may infect, visitor's computer, telecommunication equipment, or other property caused by or arising from visitor's access to, use of, or browsing Aviation Megastore websites, or visitor's downloading of any information or materials from Aviation Megastore websites. In no event will Aviation Megastore, nor any party involved in the creation, production or transmission of Aviation Megastore websites be liable to visitors or anyone else for any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of Aviation Megastore websites, any websites linked to Aviation Megastore websites, or the materials, information or services contained on any or all such websites, whether based on warranty, contract or any legal theory and whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing exclusions of implied warranty do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. Visitors should refer to their local laws for any such prohibitions. In the event of any problem with Aviation Megastore websites or any content, visitors agree that the sole remedy is to cease using Aviation Megastore websites. In the event of any problem with the products or services that customers have purchased on or through Aviation Megastore websites, customers agree that the sole remedy, if any, is from the manufacturer of such products or supplier of such services, in accordance with such manufacturer's or supplier's warranty, or to seek a return and refund for such product or services in accordance with the returns and refunds policies posted on this website.
To index >>
Section 7b. Online Purchase Agreement
Conditions to complete online purchase agreement (Order):
Order by customer completed through
1. Confirmation by customer of ordered goods or services via Aviation Megastore website.
2. Acceptance by customer of Aviation Megastore 'Terms and Conditions'.
3. Complete payment by customer of total amount due in reference to the order.
Acceptance by Aviation Megastore through
1. Confirmation by Aviation Megastore of receipt of order.
2. Confirmation by Aviation Megastore of receipt of payment.
Orders without complete payment of total amount due are not accepted and will not be processed.
Aviation Megastore reserves the right to refuse orders or contracts without giving reasons.
Delivery by Aviation Megastore will follow after completion of purchase agreement.
Contribution to the shipping cost depending on destination and size is applied to all orders other than pick-up orders.
Detailed information on the contribution to shipping cost can be found on the shipping page in the Aviation Megastore websites, which forms part of these 'Terms and Conditions'.
Section 7c. Order processing
Orders are processed during business hours of Luchtvaart Hobby Shop
Aviation Megastore is part of Luchtvaart Hobby Shop, stocking over 60.000 aviation hobby products at any time.
Handling and delivery times are indicative and counted from date of confirmation of receipt of full payment.
Provided all ordered goods are available: orders are shipped within two working days.
If only part of the ordered goods is available: orders are shipped within two weeks provided missing items are expected to be available again within this period of time.
If only part of the ordered goods is available: orders are shipped within four working days when availability of missing items is not expected at all or within reasonable period of time. Payment for undeliverable goods will be refunded.
Orders will be adapted when one or more items are unavailable.  Payment for undeliverable goods will be refunded.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for consequential damage or inconvenience resulting from incorrect or incomplete information on Aviation Megastore websites other than repayment for undeliverable or returned items.
To index >>
Section 7d. Pre-orders
The release of many products are announced on the Aviation Megastore website. In special cases these can be reserved in advance. In that case it is mentioned as such on the product detail page. If there is no mention of it, then it is NOT available for pre-order. Delivery times are unavailable as they depend on too many variables beyond Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore's control. Often producers or distributors announce the release of products many months ahead of actual release.
For Pre-orders the following applies:
Pre-orders are accepted only when accompanied by payment of the full pre-order amount.
Pre-orders for different products are considered and handled as separate orders.
Shipping charges apply to each pre-order and will be charged and paid before pre-order can be accepted (not applicable in case of 'pick-up pre-orders').
Pre-orders cannot be combined at time of order, but may be combined at time of shipping.
Product cannot be refused by customers other than in cases of obvious damage or shortcomings of the product.
Aviation Megastore will notify customer that order is ready for collection in the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or that order has been shipped.
At time of availability possibly higher prices will not be charged, while lower prices will result in a credit of the difference..
Aviation Megastore may cancel pre-orders or adapt pre-order quantities without prior notice. Aviation Megastore will not be held liable for any compensation for canceled pre-orders or adapted pre-order quantities other than refund of the amount paid by the customer.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for consequential damages as the result of cancelled pre-orders or adapted pre-order quantities.
SUGGESTION: For every single pre-order separate shipping fee is charged. If shipment of more than one pre-order is preferred and anticipated, it is suggested to use the Hold & Store option upon checkout (check the conditions). This will avoid multiple shipping charges. When ordered items are available, shipping may be requested and request for payment of applicable shipping fee will be issued.
Section 7e. Special Orders
Several products are not permanently stocked by Luchtvaart Hobby Shop, but are available for special orders through Aviation Megastore websites. Delivery times for these products are an indication and depending on producer or distributor.
For Special Orders the following applies:
Special orders are accepted only when accompanied by payment of the full special order amount.
Special orders for different products from various suppliers are considered and handled as separate orders.
Shipping charges apply to each special order and will be charged and paid before special order can be processed (not applicable in case of 'pick-up special orders').
Special orders placed at different times or days cannot be combined.
Special orders may be shipped by manufacturer or supplier direct to customer on behalf of Aviation Megastore.
Product cannot be refused by customers other than in cases of obvious damage or gross deficiencies of the product.
Customer will be notified when special order is ready for collection in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or when special order has been shipped.
Delivery times as mentioned in Aviation Megastore websites are indicative and not binding.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for any compensation when actual delivery times differ considerably from those mentioned on Aviation Megastore websites.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for any compensation in case ordered products appear no longer available from contracted suppliers, other than refund of the amount paid by the customer.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for consequential damages as the result of cancelled or incomplete special-orders.
To index >>
Section 7f.Shipping
All orders with Aviation Megastore other than 'Pick-up orders' will be shipped to the address designated by the purchaser. All purchases from the Aviation Megastore websites are made pursuant to a shipment contract. As a result, risk of loss and title for items purchased from the Aviation Megastore websites shipped by any other means than UPS, pass to the customer upon delivery of the items to the carrier. Customer is responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments.
Delivery by UPS:
Aviation Megastore uses the services of UPS for all deliveries..
Shipping and deliveries via UPS may be tracked via the UPS website.
UPS requires signature of recipient upon delivery.
Receiver shall take such measures that parcel may be received and signed for at the time it is delivered to the shipping address provided by the customer or picked up at the pick-up location selected by the customer.
P.O. Boxes are not acceptable as delivery address for this delivery option (*)
Aviation Megastore does not support alternative shipping methods other than UPS.
Aviation Megastore honors requests for alternative shipping methods to the exclusion of all liability for Aviation Megastore in case of damage, delay or loss of the consignment.
(*) few designated countries in the Middle East allow UPS deliveries to P.O. Boxes.
Delivery by mail services (PostNL)
Mail services are under the sole control and authority of Dutch mail services PostNL.
Parcel shipments via mail services cannot be traced.
Mailbox shipments via mail services cannot be traced.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore by no means support the option for delivery via mail services.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore by no means accept any liability towards the possible damage, delay or loss of the ordered goods that has been requested by customer to be shipped via mail services.
Customers opting for delivery via mail services, emphatically confirm the acceptance of all possible risks with regard to the delivery or non-delivery of their ordered goods.
Section 7g. Returned shipments
It is customer's responsibility to take such measures that delivery of ordered goods will be accepted and signed for at the delivery address or at the collection point designated by customer.
Undelivered or uncollected parcels are returned to Aviation Megastore.
Aviation Megastore will charge customer for incurred return shipping fees and applicable import duties.
Additional shipping attempts are at the full responsibility and expense of the customer.
To index >>
Section 7h. Pick-up Service
Aviation Megastore websites allow customers to opt for pick-up of their ordered goods in Luchtvaart Hobby Shop. This option is offered for selection upon checkout on the Aviation Megastore websites.
Pick-up Service is offered under the following conditions:
Orders are accepted only when accompanied by payment of the full order amount.
Purchased goods are stored at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
Maximum storage period at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop is limited to two months (*).
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore reserve the right to offer overdue pick-up orders for sale without prior notice and without any obligation towards the original customer other than refund of the amount paid by customer.
Customer is obliged to accept the reserved goods or after two months of overdue storage what remains of the reserved goods.
Conditions for warranty and claims remain in force and start at date of pick-up.
Customer agrees and accepts the risk of non-availability of replacement products in case of loss or imperfections upon time of pick-up. Warranty will be limited to refund of cost in that case.
(*) Maximum storage period limited to two weeks for products offered and ordered via AviationOutletStore.com.
To index >>
Section 7i. Hold & Store Service
Aviation Megastore's 'Hold & Store Service' is an unique service introduced to allow AviationMegastore.com website customers to benefit of the reduction in shipping cost when two or more orders are combined to a single shipment. Products offered via other Aviation Megastore websites are excluded from this service.Shipping fee always is the combination of fixed basic fee, depending on country and area of addressee, and variable increment in accordance with volume or value of the total order. Total shipping charge is always shown immediately upon adding products to the shopping cart on the website. By editing the shopping cart and selecting the country of destination, it will show the applicable shipping fee. When two or more orders are combined, the increments remain in place, but the basic shipping fee is charged only once.
Hold & Store Service is offered under the following conditions:
Customer should have or create an account with Aviation Megastore.
Customer should select option Hold & Store Service at completion of Hold & Store order.
In anticipation of the final shipping fee customers are charged the amount of applicable increments at completion of Hold & Store order.
Hold & Store orders are accepted only when accompanied by payment of the full Hold & Store order amount.
Hold & Store orders cannot be altered or cancelled after being processed.
Purchased goods are stored at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop.
Maximum storage period at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop is limited to two months.
Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore reserve the right to offer overdue Hold & Store orders for sale without prior notice and without any obligation towards the original customer other than refund of the amount paid by customer.
Conditions for warranty and claims remain in force and start at date of delivery.
It is customer's responsibility to request shipment of 'Hold & Store' orders within the maximum storage period.
Delivery by mail services is excluded from this service.
Returns or cancellations are not accepted.
Customer agrees and accepts the risk of non-availability of replacement products in case of loss or imperfections upon time of delivery. Warranty will be limited to refund of cost in that case.
To index >>
Section 7j. Warranty and complaints:
Goods purchased through Aviation Megastore websites are free from defects unless otherwise stated or may be assumed.
Complaints must be reported to Aviation Megastore immediately and within 48 hours after delivery or pick-up.
Legal warranty for goods purchased by European Union citizens is 2 years after purchase.
Invoking warranty after 2 years will be processed only in accordance with warranty and conditions as applied by the manufacturer.
Warranty for goods purchased by non-European Union citizens is in accordance with applicable warranties of their respective manufacturers, distributors and suppliers, if any.
Warranty after 2 years always expires when no longer can be relied on the respective manufacturer, distributor or suppliers affected by bankruptcy or cessation of production.
Eligible warranty claims at Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or its suppliers imply free of charge repair or replacement. The warranty is limited to the repair or replacement of the defective part or product, and emphatically exclude any reimbursement of shipping fee and import duties.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aviation Megastore hereby expressly disclaim all liability for product defect or failure, claims that are due to normal wear, product misuse, abuse, product service or modification by other than Luchtvaart Hobby Shop approved maintenance, improper product selection, non-compliance with any codes, or misappropriation.
Aviation Megastore is not liable for consequential damages or inconveniences.
Customer is aware that replacement of defect goods may not be available.
To index >>
Section 7k. Right of withdrawal for individuals residing in the European Union.
Individuals residing in the European Union have the legal right to withdraw from the purchase agreement without stating any reason within 14 days.
The withdrawal period shall expire 14 days from the day on which customer has acquired physical possession of the goods referenced in the purchase agreement.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, customer shall inform Aviation Megastore of customer's decision to withdraw from the agreement making an unequivocal statement setting out customer's decision to withdraw from the agreement.
Customers can use the downloadable model withdrawal form. Use of this form is not obligatory.
Customer shall have exercised the right of withdrawal within the withdrawal period if the communication concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal is sent before that period has expired.
Customer exercising the right of withdrawal shall send back the goods or hand them over without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which customer communicated to Aviation Megastore customer's decision to withdraw from the agreement.
Goods shall be returned in original packing and in mint condition so as to allow onward sale in proper condition.
Goods shall be returned via parcels services at customer's expense.
Goods shall NOT be returned through registered mail services.
Exempted from the right of withdrawal are purchase agreements containing:
Pick-up orders
Hold & Store orders
Special Order orders
Non-prefabricated goods made on the basis of an individual choice of or decision by the customer or which are clearly personalized to the customer's specifications
Goods of clearly personal nature
Goods with limted shelf time
Goods that cannot be returned due to their nature
Sealed audio or sealed video recordings which have been unsealed or unpacked after delivery
Computer software which have been unsealed or unpacked after delivery
Computer software that have the activation keys activated
Time-based products, such as magazines
Digital downloadable products
Upon receipt of the returned goods the amount of the purchase will be refunded immediately using the same method of payment as the purchase was originally paid with.
Shipping fees are not refunded.
To index >>
Section 7l. Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in customer's computer's hard drive when customer visits websites. Aviation Megastore websites employ the use of cookies to improve the websites' functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience. Cookies are widely used and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. Visitors may change their Internet browser settings to prevent their computer from accepting cookies. Disabling cookies, however, will prevent visitors to experience optimal performance of Aviation Megastore websites. By using Aviation Megastore websites visitors consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Aviation Megastore's privacy policy.
Section 7m. Customer account
Customers using any Aviation Megastore service are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their account and password and for restricting access to their computer, and agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under their account or password. Aviation Megastore does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults who can purchase products with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If users are under the age of majority in their country or province of residence, they may use the Aviation Megastore services only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Aviation Megastore reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
To index >>
Section 8. Product Disclaimer
Section 8a. General Products Disclaimer
The laws of certain jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or conditions or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to the customer, some or all of the following disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations might not apply and the customer might have additional rights.
The Company's services and all information content, materials, products (including software) and other services included on or otherwise made available to you though Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore are provided by the Company on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. The Company makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore services or the information, content, materials, products (including software) or other services included on or otherwise made available to the customer through Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore, unless otherwise specified in writing. Customer expressly agree that the use of the Company's services and products is at customer's sole risk.
To the full extent possible permissible by applicable law, the Company disclaims all warranties and conditions, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of title, merchantable quality and fitness for a particular purpose. The Company does not warrant that the Company's services, information, content, materials, products (including software) or other services included or otherwise made available to the customer through the Company's services, its servers, electronic communications, or e-mail sent from Luchtvaart Hobby Shop or Aviation Megastore are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Company will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any Company's services or from any information, content, materials, products (including software) or services included or otherwise made available to the customer through any Company's service, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.
Section 8b. Collector's Models Disclaimer
Collector's models differ from modelling kits in that they contain finished fuselage, airfoiles, undercarriages or armament. Depending on brand these collector's models are offered as 'push-to-fit' or already assembled by the manufacturer. In the latter case parts may disassemble during transportation. This can easily be corrected by re-inserting the applicable part in its proper place, possibly assisted by the application of a tiny bit of superglue. It is not considered reason for complaint or compensation. Any refund will be restricted to the price of the model if returned within 7 days from delivery.
The majority of display models are hand made. While quality is guaranteed, it must be taken in account that minor imperfections will always be part of their nature. Display models can be subjected to extensive examination in the Luchtvaart Hobby Shop. Customers, who order these models via Aviation Megastore websites, accept the presence of minor imperfections (*) and will not be eligible for refund.
(*) to the judgement of Aviation Megastore
To index >>
Section 9. Privacy policy
The Company stores names, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses of the customers for administrative and commercial purposes. They are exclusively used by Luchtvaart Hobby Shop and Aviation Megastore and will in no case be provided to third parties. They are stored on secure servers of the Company or those of a third party.The Company is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of the customer's personal data.
· Introduction: The Company is responsible for monitoring and protecting the personal data under its control.· Purpose of collecting data: The Company collects and uses personal information of the customer to provide the customer with the requested products or services and to provide the customer with additional services or other products that the company expects the customer may  be interested in. In certain cases, the purposes for which the personal data are requested are evident, such as the provision of name, address and payment details as part of the ordering process, and customer consent with the collection of these data is assumed. Name, address, telephone number and e-mail address are provided to delivery services that the Company uses to deliver goods. These delivery services are obliged to use this information exclusively for the delivery of goods to the customer and not to disclose to third parties. In case of delivery of goods to residents of countries whose authority requires data to be provided for import and levies, an invoice and, where appropriate, personal data intended for that purpose will also be provided to the delivery service.· Account or customer account: Every customer of the Company has its own account in which the following personal data are stored: name and address details, telephone number and e-mail address (= user name), newsletter subscription, invoices from previous orders. Customers are entitled to inspect, adapt and delete the stored personal data. This can be done by processing data in the customer account on the websites or by request by e-mail or other means of communication.· Consent: Knowledge and consent are required for the storage, use or disclosure of personal data, unless legally required or permitted. The provision of personal information to the Company is always the customer's choice. However, the customer's decision not to provide certain information may limit the ability of the Company to deliver products or services to the customer. The Company does not require permission to obtain or use information as a condition for the delivery of a product or service, except when such permission is required to provide the product or service.
· Storage restriction: The storage of personal data will be limited to the data that are required for purposes such as indicated by the Company. With the consent of the customer, the Company can request personal data from the customer via telephone, e-mail or internet.
· Limitation of Use, Disclosure and Retention: Personal Data is only used or provided for the purpose for which it was collected, unless the customer has agreed otherwise, or when required or permitted by law. Personal data will be retained for the time required for the purpose for which they were collected or legally required.· Accuracy: Extreme care is taken to keep the stored personal data correct, complete and up-to-date for use for which they are intended. The customer him- or herself has the opportunity to enter his or her data, to adjust or to make it illegible. If the customer has made his or her account manifestly unusable, the Company has the right to make it inaccessible or to completely remove it.· Guaranteeing customer data: Personal data will be protected by appropriate security measures. The Company shall take all reasonable precautions to prevent unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of personal data.· Other websites: Aviation Megastore websites may offer links to other third party websites that are not covered by this privacy policy. Although the Company strives to link only to websites with high privacy standards, this privacy policy will no longer apply once visitors leave the Aviation Megastore websites. In addition, the Company and Aviation Megastore can not be held responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. Visitors are therefore advised to investigate the privacy statements of such sites to find out how they handle personal information.
· Cookies: The websites of the Company use cookies for the navigation and the progress of the store process. Most browsers are set by default to accept cookies, but customer can reset the browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some functions and services on the Company's websites may not function properly if cookies are disabled in the customer's browser.
Correspondence: The Company keeps all incoming and outgoing correspondence by mail or electronic communication on its own secured servers.
To Index
Shopping cartYour shopping cart is empty. EditCheckoutLogin
Shop near Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport. LOOK INSIDE !
When in the Netherlands,visit our shop near Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport.
Click on the image below for extended tour.
Fly in the B737NG Simulator
View newslettersAbout UsContact UsOpening hoursRoute informationPayment informationFrequent Buyers bonusShipping costPre-ordersReservation serviceTerms and ConditionsPrivacy StatementTaxfree policyScale vs Model dimensions
© 1989–2020 Luchtvaart Hobby Shop B.V.