http://www.buyswings.com/privacy-policy
×
Search
Categories
Swing Seats
All Swing Seats
Rubber Swing Seats
Baby Swing Seats
Flat Swing Seats
Tire Swings
Swing Set Hardware
All Swing Set Hardware
Swing Hangers
Frame Fittings
Tire Swivels
Swing Set Chain
Fasteners
Accessories
All Accessories
Zip Lines
Rope Ladders
Buoy Balls
Gliders
Trapeze
Shop by Brands
Jensen Swing Products
BuySwings
View all brands
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account
Home
Categories
Account
Contact
Sales@BuySwings.com
888-429-0753
Send us a message
More
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Buyswings.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register your account. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to view your account as well as receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our shopping cart implements a 128-bit secure SSL connection. You can shop with confidence!
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and editing the information. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 888-429-0753 (865-675-7529 outside US) or send us an email at sales@buyswings.com.
Bottom Line:
We do not sell, transfer, or otherwise make available any identifiable customer information to anyone for any reason. Credit cards are processed using a secure 128-bit SSL connection. Emails are not sold and customers are not sent unsolicited emails for any reason. The information we gather from our customers is simply to fulfill our orders and to provide a high level of customer service. You can shop safely and confidently with Buyswings.com.
×
×