http://www.himistry.com/pages/privacy-notice
Skip to content
SKIN+CARE
CleansersTonersExfoliantsMoisturizersSystems
Anti Aging Shave System
Hydrating Beard + Skin System
Hydrating Shave + Skin System
Ingrown Shave System
SHAVE+CARE
Shave CreamShave GelAfter Shave TonerMoisturizersShave OilSystems
Anti Aging Shaving System
Hydrating Beard + Skin System
Hydrating Shave + Skin System
Ingrown Shave System
BEARD+CARE
Beard WashBeard OilAfter Shave TonerMoisturizersShave OilSystems
Anti Aging Shaving System
Hydrating Beard + Skin System
Hydrating Shave + Skin System
Ingrown Shave System
REGIMENS
Ingrown Shave SystemHydrating Shave SystemHydrating Beard SystemAnti Aging Shaving System
HIMISTRY101
Our IngredientsFAQsHow To Use
OFFERSBLOGABOUT US
Account
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
HIMistry Rewards
Free Shipping $50 +
ask a skincare expert
My account
FAQ
Email signup
888-833-2752
×
Liquid error (sections/announcement.liquid line 33): Cannot render sections inside sections
Dermotech Inc. ("Himistry") is sensitive to privacy concerns of Internet users and wants to make your online experience with us satisfying and safe. This Privacy Policy describes our position regarding the collection and use of information we obtain about persons who visit our Web site. By visiting our Web site, you agree to the practices we describe in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection Generally
The collection of information about users during visits to this Web site, as described below, is controlled by Dermotech Inc. Questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or its application can be directed to us in the manner described on the Contact Us page of this Web site. In general, you can visit this Web site without identifying who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Information collected online can generally be categorized as anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information is information that cannot be connected to the identity of a specific individual. Personally identifiable information is information that specifically identifies a particular user, such as name, address or phone number. An example of anonymous information is the fact that, while this Web site may record the number of visits to a particular page that occur in a given period of time, it does not necessarily tell us the names or other identifying information of every visitor. Many users of this Web site will choose not to provide any personally identifiable information and, therefore, those individuals are anonymous to us and any data collected about their use of this Web site is anonymous information.
Voluntary Information
We collect personally identifiable information for three basic reasons: (i) to respond to your questions to us; (ii) to enter you in our contest; and (iii) to track and process your purchases from our Web site. The amount of personally identifiable information that you choose to disclose to us is entirely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you provide it to us. Your decision regarding how much personally identifiable information you disclose will obviously affect the scope of your use of our Web site. In particular, in order to submit a question or enter our contest you are required to provide certain personally identifiable information. Without such information we will not be able to respond to your questions or enter you in our contest.
Automatic Anonymous Information
When you surf the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Netscape NavigatorÂŽ or Microsoft Internet Explorer) automatically transmits some information to us every time you access content on our site. Examples of such information include the URL of the Web page you were just on (known as the "Refer"), the IP (or Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version you are using to access our site. All of this information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on this Web site, pages viewed and similar usage information. We collect this information and use it to measure the use of this Web site and improve the content of this Web site. All of the information that is automatically submitted to us by your browser is considered anonymous information. To the extent we share such information with third parties, it is not traceable to any particular user and will not be used to contact you.
Use of Information Collected
If you choose to provide personally identifiable information to us, we will maintain such information for purposes of tracking and promoting sales and advising you of new products and events. We may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation. We may also release information to law enforcement agencies or other third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect the safety and welfare of our personnel or to enforce our Terms of Use. Other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising or content through the use of cookies. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, we cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers or content providers directly if you have any questions about their collection and use of information about you. It should be noted that anyone placing advertising on our Web site can only collect anonymous information about you unless you actively provide personally identifiable information to them.
Reviewing, Revising or Deleting Information Collected
By providing personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information as set forth in this Policy unless you specifically opt out of any such use. If you choose not to provide personally identifiable information, you can still use most of this Web site. However, you will not be able to utilize aspects of the site that require submission of personally identifiable information. You may review and update personally identifiable information you have provided us or withdraw your consent to allow us to retain personally identifiable information you have provided at any time by clicking on the "login" section of our site. If you withdraw your consent, however, you will no longer be able to participate in the activity for which your consent was previously given. We reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of our Terms and Conditions of Use. We are retaining this right because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters which will be important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications are rare.
Security
We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the personally identifiable information provided by our users. We do not, however, guarantee that unauthorized, inadvertent disclosure will never occur.
Anthony reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence and location of the new or revised Privacy Policy.