http://www.ecowindchimes.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
Shop for Wind Chimes
Grace Notes Wind Chimes
Little Gracenotes 23"
Petite Wind Chimes 30"
Small Wind Chimes 36"
Medium Wind Chimes 42"
Steeple Wind Chimes
Large Wind Chimes 54"
XL Wind Chimes 62"
Super Wind Chimes 72"
Deluxe Wind Chimes 84"
Seasonal/Healing Windchimes
Urn for Windchime
Music of the Spheres Wind Chimes
Soprano Wind Chimes
Mezzo-Soprano Windchimes
Alto Wind Chimes
Tenor Wind Chimes
Bass Wind Chimes
Westminster Wind Chime
Contra Bass Wind Chimes
Basso Profundo Wind Chime
Shop by Sound
Shop by Size
30"-39" Windchimes
40"-49" Wind chimes
50"-59" Wind chimes
60"-79" Windchimes
80"-100" Wind chimes
100" to 14 Foot
Temple/Church Wind chimes
Information
Home
About Us
Privacy and Security
Articles
Windchimes Press Release coupon
Breathe
Into Wholeness: Meditation Using Wind Chimes
Set Yourself Apart: Create Your Own Wind Chime Garden
Making the Most of the Front of Your Home Using Wind Chimes
The Sound of Relaxation: Today's Windchimes
Make Wind Chimes a Part of Your Garden Yard Decor
Wind Chimes; a Charming Way to Enhance your Home Decor
The Allure of Wind Chimes, Past and Present
The Unique Relationship between Wind Chimes and Feng Shui
FAQs
Contact Us
Holiday Shipping
US Manufacturers
Grace Notes
Music of the Spheres
Wind Chime Design
Satisfaction Guaranteed
365 day return policy
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Ordering
View Cart
Sign In
Order Status
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy
Rachel
and I HATE spam, period! We will NEVER rent, sell, or distribute
contact information or your e-mail address to anyone, Period. We
collect information from our customers for the sole purpose of
delivering your wind chime, period.
If
you have signed up for the Ecowindchimes.com newsletter and wish to
unsubscribe, you can do so by clicking on the link at the bottom of
each newsletter we send to you at any time and for any reason. Again,
Rachel and I do HATE spam and we don't think anyone should be burdened
with unwanted information, even if it's from our own site!
We will never divulge any information or purchase history to any company, agency, or individual for any reason or at any time.
Please
contact us at info@ecowindchimes.com if you feel that our site is not
following the aforementioned privacy policy and we will be happy to
address any concerns that you may have.
SecurityAt Ecowindchimes.com, we understand how vital security is when it comes to making a purchase online.
We take identity theft very seriously which is precisely why we have invested in Volusion's secure server to collect your information during the ordering process.
Ecowindchimes.com and the customer both receive receipt and confirmation of the transaction so that both parties can be 100% certain that all collected information is protected and secure.
Ecowindchimes.com protects your information:
Ecowindchimes.com does NOT maintain any of credit card information in our database so there is never any threat of your billing information being compromised.
Ecowindchimes.com deletes this information immediately upon receiving the approval number for a transaction.
This credit card information is deleted within seconds of receiving the approval number.
In our system, your approval number replaces the function of the credit card.
While a hacker could potentially get into our database (but this is HIGHLY unlikely), they would only find approval numbers which are completely worthless to would-be criminals.
This additional layer of protection helps ensure the security of your billing information and makes our site as safe or safer than using a credit card in a restaurant or other traditional venue.
Basically, even the owners of Ecowindchimes.com cannot access your credit card information so neither can would-be criminals!
Ecowindchimes.com takes security very seriously which is why we also screen all orders through a verification process that prevents criminals from committing fraud using a stolen credit card on our site.
We have taken steps to ensure that your information is as safe or safer than offline sources of identity theft.
Respectfully,
Rachel and Stephen Betzen
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include www.Ecowindchimes.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Back to top