https://www.snakeriverfarms.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Visit the SRF Kitchen for Recipes, Cooking Guides, How To Videos, and Tips from Our Chefs
Explore Now
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Snake River Farms
Questions? 877.736.0193
Order Tracking
The Kitchen
Support Local
Log In
Register
Cart / 0
0
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Please wait...
Search
Go
American WagyuSteaksRoastsGold GradeBrisketBurgers and DogsRibsSpecialty ItemsShop AllBulk ProvisionsKurobuta PorkPork ChopsRibsRoastsBaconSpecialty ItemsShop AllNW BeefSteaksRoastsPrimeBrisketRibsBurgers and DogsSpecialty ItemsQuick Chef - MarinatedShop AllFresh/Dry-AgedFresh SteaksDry-AgedShop AllGiftsSale
Questions? 877.736.0193
Order Tracking
The Kitchen
Support Local
Log In
Register
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms
General
The ABtoConsumer.com and SnakeRiverFarms.com web sites (collectively, the "Site") are services of AB to C, LLC ("AB to C" or "we"). These Conditions of Use, along with any other terms and conditions that may appear on the Site from time-to-time (collectively, "Conditions"), set forth the terms and conditions under which you may use and access the Site. BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE CONDITIONS (WITHOUT MODIFICATION), YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE OR ORDER PRODUCTS FROM THE SITE.
1. Use of Site and Content.
1.1 Use of Site. You may access and use the Site solely for your personal use in accordance with these Conditions. You agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that is prohibited by these Conditions or is otherwise unlawful. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate or suspend your access to, and/or use of, the Site, or any portion thereof, at any time, with or without notice and for any reason (or no reason), and you agree that (a) if your authorization to access the Site is terminated, you will not thereafter access, or attempt to access, the Site, directly or indirectly, and (b) if your authorization to access the Site is suspended, you will not thereafter access, or attempt to access, the Site, directly or indirectly, until your suspension is removed and we give you express notice thereof.
1.2 Use of Content. You are granted a limited, revocable license under copyright to make a single copy and/or print a single copy of any information displayed or transmitted on the Site (including, but not limited to, logotypes, trademarks, service marks, directories, guides, news articles, opinions, reviews, text, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips, video, html, source and object code, software, data, and the like, collectively "Content") for your personal, noncommercial use only.
1.3 Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted in Section 1.1 and 1.2 above, you agree not to, without first obtaining our express written permission, (a) distribute (including via e-mail), or otherwise make available, copies of any Content to anyone, (b) republish the Content on the Internet or any intranet or extranet site or incorporate the Content in any database, file, compilation, or archive, (c) reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform or display any Content, in each instance except to the extent required for the limited purpose of viewing material on the Site, (d) alter or remove any trademark, copyright or any other notice contained in any Content, (e) archive or retain any Content in any form, (f) use Content for any commercial purposes, (g) use any of our trademarks as metatags on other web sites, (h) use the Site in any manner that is illegal or impairs the operation of the Site or its availability or usage by others, and/or (i) display any part of the Site in frames (or any Content via in-line links). You agree not to decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Site, and not to insert any code or product or manipulate the Content in any way that affects the user's experience. You further agree not to use any data mining, web crawlers, robots, cancelbots, spiders, Trojan horses, or any data or price gathering or extraction method in connection with your use of the Site except for customary search engines used in accordance with instructions directed to search engines and available on the Site.
1.4 Product Information and Attributes. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the attributes of our products that appear on the Site. However, as the actual colors and visual depictions you see will depend on your monitor, your Internet connection and other facts beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any exact product attributes will be accurate. Some AB to C products displayed on the Site are available in select AB to C or other retail stores in the United States and select foreign markets while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale on the Site may not be available in stores. The prices displayed on the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
2. Registration.
Certain areas of the Site may require registration. If you register or provide information to us in any manner, including without limitation Online Submissions (as defined below), you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information. If we issue a username and/or password to you, you agree to protect such information by, among other things, keeping your password and other information relating to your account confidential. If, notwithstanding the foregoing obligation, you allow another party to use your account, you will be responsible for all use of the Site by the party using your account.
3. Linking and Third Party Dealings.
3.1 Links to External Sites. We may provide hyperlinks to other web sites and Internet resources operated by parties other than AB to C. We have no control over such sites and resources or their privacy policies. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. The inclusion of hyperlinks to such web sites does not imply any sponsorship, affiliation or endorsement of the material on such web sites or with their operators.
3.2 Third-Party Dealings. Some portions of the Site may direct you to a web site of a third party. Your dealings or communications through the Site with any party other than us are solely between you and that third party. Please review carefully that third party's policies and practices and make sure you are comfortable with those policies and practices before you engage in any transaction. Any complaints, concerns or questions you may have relating to materials provided by third parties should be forwarded directly to the third party.
4. Intellectual Property.
4.1 AB to C's Intellectual Property. All Content, as well as the selection and arrangement of the Content, is owned by (or licensed to) AB to C, its affiliates or suppliers and is protected by copyright, trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and/or other laws and may not be used, copied or imitated in whole or in part except as expressly provided in these Conditions. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these Conditions, all rights in and to the Content are expressly reserved by AB to C.
4.2 Copyright Infringement. AB to C does not permit copyright infringing activities on this Web site. AB to C may remove any content of any kind that a user posts to this Web Site ("User Communications"), e.g., if properly informed that the User Communications infringe another's copyright rights. AB to C may terminate the ability to submit User Communications if, under appropriate circumstances, a person submitting User Communications to this Web Site is determined to be a repeat infringer. If you are a copyright owner or an agent for such owner and believe that any User Communications on this Web site by third parties infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify AB to C by providing the following information in writing:
(1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed;
(2) Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists;
(3) Identification of the User Communication(s) or material that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit AB to C to locate the same;
(4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit AB to C to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address;
(5) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the User Communication(s) or material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed. Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached at the following address:  trademark@agribeef.com or 1-800-657-6305
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid.
5. Submissions & Online Submissions.
5.1 General. Certain areas of the Site, such as the online guestbook, may permit you to express your opinion and post information, content or comments ("Online Submissions"). We do not monitor all of the Online Submissions posted or transmitted on the Site.
5.2 Edits to and Removal of Online Submissions. AB to C may, in its sole discretion, edit and/or remove any Online Submissions you submit to the Site. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, AB to C may edit or remove any Online Submissions you submit to the Site that AB to C, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, unlawful, or otherwise unacceptable. We are not responsible for maintaining your Online Submissions and we may, in our sole discretion, delete or destroy them at any time with no liability or obligation to you.
5.3 Misuse of Information Contained in Online Submissions. You are solely responsible for any Online Submissions you submit to the Sites. We shall not be liable for the use or misuse of any information or data, including personal information, which is included in your Online Submissions.
5.4 License. By submitting Online Submissions to the Site, you hereby grant to AB to C, its affiliates and related entities, a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sub licensable right and license to use, copy, exploit, modify, make, sell, lease, have made, archive, store, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display all such Online Submissions in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. You further grant AB to C, its affiliates, related entities, licensees and assignees the right to use your first name, city and state and other information that you publicly post in Online Submissions in connection with any use of the Online Submissions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, AB to C may use your Online Submissions for informational, promotional and/or advertising purposes, and may, in its sole discretion, use your first name, city and/or state in connection with such use of the Online Submissions. Please see our Privacy Policy available at [insert link] for additional information regarding AB to C's use of information you provide to us.
5.5 Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy.
Please do not send unsolicited ideas to the Site, including but not limited to ideas for advertising campaigns, promotions, products, product improvements, processes, materials, marketing plans, or product names. Neither AB to C nor any of its employees accept or consider unsolicited ideas. This policy is intended to avoid misunderstandings or disputes when AB to C’s products, services, or marketing strategies seem similar to unsolicited ideas that were submitted to the Site.
If, despite our request that you not send us your ideas, you still send them, then regardless of what your submission states, the following terms shall apply to your submission: (1) you agree that your ideas will automatically become the property of AB to C, without compensation to you, and you hereby assign and agree to assign to AB to C all rights in and to such, and (2) you agree that AB to C can use the ideas for any purpose and in any way—even give them to others.
AB to C does, however, welcome your feedback regarding many areas of our existing business. If you want to send us your feedback—and we hope you do—just use our Contact Us page. Please provide only specific feedback on our existing products or marketing strategies (in other words, do not include any unsolicited ideas that our policy will not permit us to accept or consider). The foregoing Section 5.5 does not apply to Online Submissions, which are governed by elsewhere in Section 5.
6. Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless AB to C and its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, shareholders, information providers, suppliers and licensees (collectively, "Indemnified Parties") from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of (a) your access and/or use of the Site, (b) any breach of any of these Conditions by you or any user of your account, and/or (c) any allegation which, if true, would constitute a breach of any of these Conditions by you or any user of your account.
7. No Warranties.
The Site is provided on an "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" basis. ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE IS DONE AT YOUR SOLE DISCRETION AND RISK. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, REASONABLE CARE, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, AVAILABILITY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, ACCURACY, AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (WHETHER OR NOT WE AND/OR ANY OF OUR SUPPLIERS KNOW, HAVE REASON TO KNOW, HAVE BEEN ADVISED, OR ARE OTHERWISE IN FACT AWARE OF ANY SUCH PURPOSE), IN EACH INSTANCE IN RESPECT OF THE SITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT). FURTHERMORE, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF TITLE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE SITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CONTENT). We and our suppliers do not represent or warrant that the information on this Site is accurate, complete, or current. We are not responsible for typographical or other errors, inaccuracies or omissions. Price and availability information, product descriptions and promotions are subject to change without notice, and we reserve the right to change or update such information at any time. In addition, we make no representation that materials or Content available through the Site are appropriate or available for use outside the United States and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Some jurisdictions do not allow implied warranties to be excluded or modified, so not all of the above limitations may apply to you. The Site is controlled, operated and administered by us from our offices within the United States.
8. Limitation of Liability.
EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT AB TO C BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FOR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF AB TO C IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations on liability may not apply to you.
9. Additional Conditions and Modifications to Conditions.
WE MAY ADD ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE SITE BY POSTING SUCH CONDITIONS ON THE SITE FROM TIME-TO-TIME. In addition, we may revise these Conditions at any time. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of these Conditions. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the current Conditions. The most current version of the Conditions can be reviewed by clicking on the "Conditions of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our web pages. Your continued use of the Site after we post any revised Conditions constitutes your agreement to any such revised terms. If you object to any of these Conditions or any subsequent changes, your may not use of the Site.
10. Modifications to the Site.
For further clarity, (a) we may modify, suspend, discontinue and/or restrict the use of all or any portion of the Site including the availability of any data or other information contained on the Site at any time for any reason and without notice or liability, and (b) we reserve the right, with or without notice to you, to change any of the services offered on the Site including, but not limited to, hours of operation, menu structures, access procedures, software commands, documentation, suppliers and/or other services.
11. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
The Site is hosted on servers located in the United States and is intended to be viewed by residents of the United States. These Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Idaho, USA, except for its conflict of laws provisions. In the event you desire to initiate any suit against AB to C arising out of or relating to the Site (including, without limitation, the Content of the Site) and/or these Conditions, you agree to bring such suit in the federal courts sitting in Ada County, Idaho, USA unless no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in which case you agree to bring such suit in the state courts sitting in Ada County, Idaho, USA. You further agree that we may initiate a suit against you arising out of or relating to the Site (including, without limitation, the Content of the Site) and/or these Conditions in such courts and you hereby waive all rights you may have or which may hereafter arise to contest jurisdiction or venue in such courts.
12. Miscellaneous.
These Conditions including, without limitation, and any other terms and conditions that may appear on the Site from time-to-time contain the full understanding with respect to your use and access of the Site and supersede all prior agreements, terms, conditions and understandings, both written and oral, with respect to such use and access of the Site. If any portion of these Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable portion shall be modified in accordance with the applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intention of the applicable provision, and the remainder of these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect. A printed version of these Conditions of Use and of any notices given to you in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. The failure of AB to C to insist upon or enforce strict performance by you of any provision of these Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Conditions. We may provide notice to you relating to the Site and/or these Conditions by sending an e-mail to your last known e-mail address, which you agree to provide to us automatically when it changes from the one you used to first access the Site, and any such notice shall be deemed given and received on the day it is sent. Providing an email address constitutes your having opted-in to receive email communications from us in terms of compliance with the United States CAN-SPAM Act. You agree that any cause of action that you may desire to bring arising out of or related to these Conditions and/or the Site must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action arises; otherwise, such cause of action shall be permanently barred. You may not use the Site or export the Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access the Site from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws.
Customer Service
FAQs
Contact Us
Packaging
Shipping Policy
Our Guarantee
Web Accessibility Statement
About
About Us
Sustainability
Total Quality
Animal Well-being
Responsibility
Resources
Guides and Recipes
Catalog Request
Email Preferences
Promotions
Affiliates
Connect With Us
Sign Up for Email Only Offers
Email Address
Sign up
Copyright © 2020 Snake River Farms.
Media
Privacy Policy
Terms
Sitemap
Food Service & Retail
Agri Beef Co.
Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software