http://www.freedmanharness.com/pages/terms-of-service
Home
/
Terms of Service
Please read the present General Terms and Conditions of Sale and General Terms and Conditions of Use of the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website carefully.
General Terms and Conditions of Sale of FREEDMANHARNESS.com website
The purchase of any products offered on FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is subject to the present Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions of Sale”).
Orders may only be placed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website by individual consumers and corporations purchasing goods other than for resale. Any resale or distribution of Freedman’s products purchased on FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is strictly prohibited.
Freedman Harness Ltd may update these Terms and Conditions of Sale at anytime.  You can view the most current version of the General Conditions of Sale at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labelled “customer service."
For each order on FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Sale in force at the date of the order will be requested.
Purchase – Terms of ordering
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website may be used to order a selection of Freedman’s products from Freedman Harness Ltd, directly online via the Internet Worldwide (some exceptions may apply).
You may also place your order by telephone on by dialing 877-256-7674 (toll free number available only from within North America) or +416-256-7674 (Internationally) from Monday to Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST, from anywhere worldwide (some exceptions may apply).
The delivery zone for Freedman’s products ordered via the FREEDMANHARENSS.com website and the telephone numbers referred to above is available worldwide, but some restrictions may apply (see “Delivery Zone”).
An order can be placed for one or several delivery addresses (see “Delivery Zone”).
For each product selected on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, a summary page will be displayed automatically featuring a photograph of the item, its colouring and references, the quantity selected, its unit price and the total amount owed for you order at the selected currency.  You should check that this information accurately reflects your selection before confirming your order. Please be advised that your credit card may not be charged at your selected currency, since our Financial Institution and Merchant Point of Sale cannot run transactions in multiple currencies (see “Purchase – Price Payment”).  Upon confirmation, your order will be submitted to Freedman Harness Ltd for processing (see “Acceptance of orders”).  While every effort is taken to try to ensure that the colouring, design and style of the Freedman’s products in the photographs displayed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website are representative of the original products, variations may occur due to technical restrictions of colour reproduction on your computer equipment.  Accordingly, Freedman Harness Ltd shall not be liable for any error or inaccuracy in the photographs or graphical representations of Freedman’s products displayed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.  If you have any questions about the products, you may of course contact our customer service.
Freedman Harness Ltd reserves the right to cancel any order placed by a customer with whom it has a dispute concerning a prior order, or if Freedman Harness Ltd has reasonable cause to suspect that such customer has violated these Terms and Conditions, or is engaged in any fraudulent activity or for any other legitimate cause.
For any exceptional order, please contact customer service.
Purchase – Availability
Our offers of products and prices are valid as they are on view on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, subject to availability.  In this purpose, instructions about the availability of the products will be given at the time of the ordering.  Exceptionally, errors or amendments could exist, especially in case of simultaneous orders of the same product by several customers.  In case of unavailability of a product after ordering, you will be informed of that by email or by phone as soon as possible, and it will be proposed to you either to order another item shown on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website in substitution or to cancel your order.
If you choose to cancel your order, you will be immediately refunded if your bank account has been debited.
Freedman Harness Ltd is not liable in case of stock outage or unavailability of products.
Freedman Harness Ltd reserves the right to change at any time and without any previous notice the items proposed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.
Purchase – Order Confirmation
At the end of the ordering procedure, you are invited to click on the “Pay” push button.  Since the confirmation, your order is transmitted to Freedman Harness Ltd for treatment.  It could not be amended or cancelled except in the expressly conditions provided for herein the Terms and Conditions of Sale or in conditions provided for the applicable law. The confirmation of your order means your acceptance of the whole there of Terms and Conditions of Sale.
You will receive an order summary.
The data registered by the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website establish the proof of the whole transactions operated between Freedman Harness Ltd and its customers.  In case of dispute between Freedman Harness Ltd and one of its customers about a transaction made on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, the data registered by Freedman Harness Ltd are considered as an irrefutable proof of the content transaction.
Purchase – Price Payment
The prices of Freedman’s products are indicated in US $(prior to login, where you choose your selected currency), excluding taxes and shipping costs (see “Shipping and Delivery”).
Freedman Harness Ltd reserves the right to modify the prices of products offered on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website at any time without prior notice to you.  You will be charged the prices displayed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website at the time your order was confirmed provided the goods ordered were available at this time.
You are required to pay for any order placed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website immediately on confirmation of your order.  We only accept payment by credit card.  You cannot use store credits or gift certificates issued by Freedman’s boutique to purchase items offered on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.
All orders are payable in US Dollars. Please note that the use of four currencies (U.S. dollar, Canadian dollar, Euro and British Pound) on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website are only used as a tool for you, and Freedman Harness Ltd will charge your credit card in US dollars.  We accept the following credit cards: Visa® and MasterCard®.  Your order will only be dispatched once we have verified your payment method and received authorization to process your payment.
Your credit card will only be debited when your order is dispatched for goods that are shipped plus any applicable taxes and shipping costs.
Purchase – Reservation of title
The ordered products remain the property of Freedman Harness Ltd until the goods are paid in full to Freedman Harness Ltd.
In case of a payment incident, you undertake to return the received products to Freedman Harness Ltd upon first request.
In return, you assume the risks (in particular the loss, theft or damage) relating to the delivered products and this at the effective date of the delivery.
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is operated by Freedman Harness Ltd and has granted the right to sell a selection of Freedman’s products over the Internet.
The use of the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website and the purchase of any products offered on FREEDMANHARNESS.com website are subject to the present terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions of Use”).  The use of the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website constitutes your agreement to comply with, and be bound by, these Terms and Conditions of Use and your consent to the Privacy Policy for the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website (“Privacy Policy”); see “Security and Personal Data.”
Freedman Harness Ltd may update these Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy at anytime.  By continuing to use the FREEDMANHARNES.com website following any such change, you agree to comply with and be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Use and consent to the Privacy Policy, each as modified.  You can view the most current version of the Terms and Conditions of Use or of the Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labelled “customer service”.
Security and Personal Data
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com Privacy Policy (see “Privacy Policy”) governs the use of any personal information that you agreed to provide to Freedman Harness Ltd.  On this website, Freedman Harness Ltd may modify or amend the Privacy Policy at anytime as provided in the Privacy Policy.
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is not intended to minor children.
Intellectual Property
All material on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website (drawings, designs, illustrations, photographs, sound tracks, written text, logos, trademarks…) are the exclusive property of Freedman Harness Ltd or any of its subsidiaries.  You may not reproduce, by any means or process (except as expressly provided herein), totally or in part, distribute, publish, transmit, create derivative works based on, modify or sell any such material contained on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.
The “Freedman’s” trademark, the trademark image of the F in a Horseshoe and all other Freedman’s related marks and logos, whether or not registered, displayed on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, as well a the domain name “FREEDMANHARNESS.com”, are and will remain the exclusive property of Freedman Harness Ltd.  Any reproduction, distribution, transmission, modification or use of these trademarks for any purpose without prior, express agreement of Freedman Harness is prohibited.
You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice contained on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website or any content contained therein.  You may make a single copy of web pages published on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website for your own private, personal and non-commercial use, provided that any copy of such web pages shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein.
Linking
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website may contain links to third party websites not under the operation or control of Freedman Harness Ltd.  Such links are provided as a convenience only and can not, and should not be interpreted as, an express or implied endorsement of such third party websites or any products or services offered thereon.  You may only provide a link to the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website if expressly authorized in writing by Freedman Harness Ltd.
Limitation of Liability
Freedman Harness Ltd should not be liable to you or any third party for any indirect, incidental special or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits or other intangible losses, arising out of or in connection with your use or inability to use the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, even if Freedman Harness Ltd has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disclaimer of Warranty
Freedman Harness Ltd does not guarantee or represent that:
the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is free from viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other destructive material.
the information contained on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website are accurate, complete or up to date.
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website may contain technical inaccuracies or other defects; Freedman Harness Ltd does not guarantee that any such defects will be corrected.  The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website and its contents are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis.  Freedman Harness Ltd expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation, the implied warranties of compliance appropriation of FREEDMANHARNESS.com website or of its contents intended to an usual or a specific use, of its quality or lack of infringement to ordinary statement from them.
Delivery Information
Ground: allow between three and seven working days between the date of your order and your date of delivery.
Overnight: your order must reach us before 2 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time).  It will be delivered the following working day. (Only available for US orders)
Please note that these shipping options are only applicable to shipments within North America.  For international shipments, additional charges will apply and will be charged to your credit card once the cost is determined.
Delivery Time – Time required for delivery
During the ordering procedure, we will inform you of the time required for delivery and the various forms of delivery available for the goods purchased.
However, Freedman Harness Ltd reserves the right to divide your order into part shipments.  In this case, your charge card or credit card will only be debited for the goods shipped and for a single shipment.
Delivery Time – Problems of delivery
Any failure to deliver or late delivery exceeding eight (8) business days should be reported to our customer service as soon as possible.  In order for your claim to be accepted, please notify us of it within a maximum of thirty (30) calendar days from the date of confirmation of your order.
You should check that your shipment is correct on delivery.  If there are any discrepancies in your order when the products are delivered to you, you should note the nature of the potential discrepancy (e.g., open package, damaged goods, etc.) by hand, if possible, on the delivery notice, and sign.
If the goods do not conform to your order or you are not satisfied with them, you may return them, exchange them or request a refund according to the terms and conditions contained in the section entitled “Returns-Exchanges-Refunds”.
Added to cart successfully!
View Cart
Checkout
×
FROM_JS
jsprice
jsprice
FROM_JS
FROM_JS
Add to cart
Add to cart
Added
Limit Products
Wait..
...
Compare Product