https://www.dometic.com/en-us/us/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Dometic Website Terms of Usage
LEGAL STATEMENT
The materials on this website (the "Site") are provided by Dometic Group AB (publ) (“Dometic” or ”we”) as a service to its customers and may be used for informational purposes only. Single copies may be downloaded subject to the provisions below.
By using this Site and downloading any material, you agree to these terms of use (the “Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to them, do not use the Site or download any materials from it.
For information on how Dometic processes personal data, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
Trademark Information
All names, logos, slogans and other trademarks appearing on the Site or otherwise used on or in connection with Dometic products are the property of Dometic, its affiliates, related companies or its licensors or joint venture partners (“Dometic trademarks”).
Dometic trademarks may be used only in accordance with these Terms of Use or with the express prior written permission of Dometic.
You acknowledge and agree that you will not register any domain names or social media accounts or usernames containing Dometic trademarks (alone or in combination with anything else).
Restricted Use/Single Copy License
All content included on this Site, such as text, graphics, logos, trademarks, icons, images, film and audio clips and software is the property of Dometic or its content suppliers and is protected by Swedish and international copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaty provisions. Unauthorized use or distribution of any such content may violate copyright, trademark, and/or other intellectual property rights or other laws and is subject to civil as well as criminal sanctions.
This Site or any portion of this Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial use that is not expressly permitted by Dometic. You may download one copy of the information found on Dometic sites on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial, internal use only unless specifically licensed to do otherwise by Dometic in writing.
You may neither modify, use or transfer the information for any commercial purposes; nor remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the information. You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the materials and to ensure that all employees - if applicable - of your organization adheres to these limitations.
You are responsible for obeying all applicable copyright and other intellectual property laws. We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it; and you may take a print or screenshot for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. All other use is strictly prohibited. You may not frame this site nor link to a page other than the home page without our express permission.
Dometic does not grant any expressed or implied right to you under any intellectual property rights such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, designs or trade secret information.
Disclaimer of warranties
The information contained herein is provided "as is" without any expressed or implied warranty of any kind including warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, or fitness for any particular purpose. In case Dometic is linking to the webpage of a third party, such linking is for the convenience of users only and Dometic will have no liability for the content or accuracy of information contained in such webpage.
In no event shall Dometic be liable for any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, or loss of information, arising out of the use of or inability to use the information, even if Dometic has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Dometic further does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items that may be contained within this information. Dometic may make changes to this content, or to the products described therein, at any time without notice. Dometic makes no commitment to update the information or other materials entered in this Site.
User Submissions
Any material, information or other communications you transmit or post to this Site will be considered non-confidential, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, fully sub licensable and non-proprietary ("Communications"). Dometic will have no obligations concerning the Communications.
Dometic will be free to disclose, copy, distribute, incorporate and/or otherwise use the Communications, together with all data, images, sounds, text, and other things embodied therein, for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.
Other
Dometic may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting.
Dometic reserves in its sole discretion, the right to (1) change the Legal Statement or any other aspects of these Terms of Use; (2) monitor and remove postings; and/or (3) discontinue site availability at any time without notice.
If any term, condition, or provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Jurisdiction Statement
The Site is controlled, operated and administered by Dometic from its offices in Sweden. Dometic makes no representation (i) that materials at this Site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of Sweden and (ii) that access to the material from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this Site from locations outside of Sweden, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. The laws of Sweden shall govern these Terms of Use, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. The Stockholm District Court shall have exclusive jurisdiction in the first instance on any dispute arising from these Terms of Use.
JOIN THE DOMETIC EMAIL LIST FOR EXCLUSIVE DEALS
Email
Application
Application
RV
Marine
Trucks
Camping & 4WD
Sign up
I consent to receiving e-mails from Dometic.
By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
News
Trade Shows & Events
Contact Us
Product Registration
© Dometic Group AB (publ)
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure Statement
Standard Purchase Terms
Standard Terms of Sale