http://www.emiliorobba.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Illusion Arrangement
Shop by Collection
Bloom Collection
Illusion
Botanic Garden Collection
Ambiance Collection
Fresh Cut
Concrete Series
Shop by Flower
Orchids
Roses
Calla Lily
Magnolia
Poppy
Lotus
Peony
Hydrangeas
Mix Bouquet
Shop by Color
White
Fuchsia
Green
Red
Pink
Purple
Yellow
Orange
Peach
Multi-color
Floral Accent
Shop By Collection
Flower Bowl
T-light Candle Holder
T-light Candle Log
Gourmet Collection
Shop By Flower
Phalaenopsis Orchid
Dendrobium Orchid
Cymbidium Orchid
Vanda Orchid
Magnolia
Poppy
Lotus
Cosmo
Daisy
Grass & Succulent
Fruit & Vegetable
Shop By Color
White
Yellow
Orange
Pink
Fuchsia
Magenta
Red
Purple
Blue
Green
Plantscaping
Shop By Collection
Tree Collection
Low Plants
Grass Collection
Succulent Collection
Wood & Greenery
Shop By Plant
Moss & Succulent
Fig Tree
Bamboo
Marginata
Yucca
Grass
Finger Palm
Palm Leaf
Cactus
Sugarcane
Topiary
Snake Grass
Shop By Container
Glass
Resin
Metallic
Concrete
Seashell
Ceramic
Photo & Wall Art
Shop By Category
Photography
Wall Gardens
Trays & Picture Frames
Photography Collection
Flower
Botanic
Ocean
Mineral
Animal
Landscape
Home Décor
Art PillowsTrays & Picture FramesDaum CrystalAccessoriesGamesDecor FiguresCandles & Frangrane
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
Information you provide to us:
WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES
When you make a purchase in one of our stores or on EmilioRobba.comor otherwise, create an account/registry or any other promotion, post a product review, engage with us on our various social media platforms, us any feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, or interact with us in any way, you provide us with personal information, such as: your name, email address, mailing address, ZIP code, phone number and credit card numbers. This allows us to provide you with our unique services, to process your transactions more efficiently and, ultimately, to give you a luxury quality of customer service. If you choose not to provide the requested information, we may not be able to provide you with the services, or certain features of the services listed may not be functional.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect about you to facilitate your purchases, to communicate with you, to offer better customer service, and to improve our services and customer relations.
To facilitate your purchases: This includes processing your order and payment, shipping the order (including those initiated through our International Quote Form), providing you with technical support and assistance, and communicating with you about the purchase by email. For example, we will contact you by phone, postal mail or email to update you of the arrival of the package, to address any issues with the order or to answer any questions you may have about your order. If you are located outside the US, we will contact you using the contact information you provide (e.g. email, phone, mailing address). The legal basis for this processing of your information is the performance of our contract with you. We may forward this information to our other locations if services are needed in areas closets to location.
In connection with a business reorganization
We would share your information if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, change of control or sale of all or a portion of our assets or if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation. The legal basis for this sharing is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business operations.
In order to comply with our legal obligations, protect our rights and those of others
We share your information in order to prevent fraud or abuse to our services, to protect your rights, to comply with our legal obligations and to protect our rights. The legal basis for this sharing is compliance with the law and our legitimate interest in the prevention of fraud, compliance with legal obligation and the protection of the rights of others.
Prevent fraud and abuse of the services:We review transactions internally on a regular basis to identify potential concerns, and we partner with select outside companies to further enhance our ability to ensure that fraudulent orders and/or potentially damaging worms, viruses and other types of malware do not interfere with our ability to provide the best possible products, value and services to you and to our other valued customers.
Protect your rights:We will share information in an emergency or to protect the safety of any person and if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person.
Protect our rights and comply with our legal obligations:We cooperate with government and law-enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose personal information and any other information about you to government or law-enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas); to protect our safety, property or rights or those of any third party; to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; or to comply with the law.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
Other companies we do business with may forward to us additional personal information (such as, for example: names, mailing addresses and email addresses, as well as demographic and other usage information) when we have news or product offerings that may be of interest to those individuals.
USAGE AND WEBSITE ACTIVITY INFORMATION
When you visit our websites, we or our third party service providers collect information about your use of the website: Your Internet service provider's address, your location as determined by your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the name of the Website or advertisement directing you, your user agent, as well as your clicks and activity on our Websites. We use this information to understand how to make our Websites more available and user-friendly to our customers as well as to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you.
PROTECTING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We adhere to a strict privacy code regarding children and do not knowingly accept personal information from any child under the age of 16. If it is brought to our attention that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under 16, we will immediately remove all personal and identifiable information from our records. In addition, we will not disclose this information to any other companies.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use tools called “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the services. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google respectively. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the services to another application which partners with Google, is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Please review those and see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here.
COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
“Cookies" are small amounts of data that are stored on your computer. They find their way to your browser via a Web server. Cookies flag information about your activity on our Websites. This information helps us improve our Websites and make them friendlier and easier to use and allows us to market to you more effectively. We never use cookies to save passwords, credit card numbers or other highly confidential information. However, we use them and other tracking technologies to provide enhanced online marketing based on your interests and preferences.
Web cookies are used in some email messages and on our Websites to help us measure the effectiveness of those emails and for other analytical purposes.
We also contract with a Service Provider to help us assess visitation to our Websites. To do this, we place small pixel tags and cookies on our Websites. While these do allow our Service Provider to track your visits, the data retrieved cannot be used for any reason without our authorization. Although our Service Provider logs the information about your visit, we control how that data may and may not be used. We may track this information across the different devices you use to access the Websites. By visiting our website, you have agreed to these cookies. You may clear these cookies at your own discretion in your web browser’s settings.
SOCIAL MEDIA
We engage with customers on various social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, HOUZZ and Instagram. If you contact us on one of these platforms for customer service or otherwise, we may contact you via direct message. Those communications are governed by this policy as well as the policy of the relevant social media platform.
INTERNATIONAL SALES/SHIPPING
Due to our international locations, we may contact our locations outside the US to better provide service if items can be made and shipped from contacted location. If that process is approved, we will contact the customer before any order is made. These are special case orders, if you have any questions you may contact us at info@robba.comfor more details.
If you have your own shipping accountthat you would like us to use, you may add a message during online check out or email us at info@robba.comto add your shipping account information to an order or any future orders. This can be used for USbased orders or Freight Forward Companies.
RETURN POLICY
Despite our ongoing quality assurance efforts, errors can be made in order processing or damage can occur during production or in transit. The Emilio Robba Companywill accept returns for order processing errors or items damaged during productiononly. All claims for merchandise damaged during transit will be filed on your behalf with the appropriate carrier.
For non-damaged items: We regret that we cannot reimburse you for the cost of shipping. If damage occurred during transit due to failure of packaging on your part, we will not refund the full credit of the merchandise.
Merchandise returned without the mandatory Return Authorization Number may be subject to a 20% restocking fee or you may not receive credit for the return. Product returned with your price stickers or other markings or without its original packaging will be subject to a 20% restocking fee.
To coordinate a return please contact +1 305-572-0203 Ext 105 andemail info@robba.com.
SELLING ONLINE
Before publishing our products online (ONLY IFyou are a wholesale account), you must inform us by email (trade@robba.com). Once approved, we will issue you an Online Authorization Certificate (OAC). Your account may be terminated if you sell our products online without our OAC.
You need to adhere to our MSRP; use our approved photos and product description, or send other photos and product description for approval prior to publishing.
Selling on Amazon, Ebay, and other large e-commerce websites to our choosing IS PROHIBITED, this includes any advertising or redirects from their website to your site.
If our photos, items, company name and/or use of our descriptions for products are used without permission, we will be subject to notify the correct personal to remove any/all our information in use. We will then follow with legal action that can result with fines that pertain to, but not limited to, copyright laws.
PRIVACY POLICY/COMPANY UPDATES
Efforts to bring new services, ideas and partners to benefit our customers may make it necessary to amend our Privacy Policy. The Month and Year of when changes/updates have been made to the company will always be posted on our Claim Form and here on our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you need more information or have any questions about our company and/or Privacy Policy, you may email us at info@robba.comor call us at 305.572.0203 Monday – Thursday 11am-3pm (EST) to speak with our HR Team.
First nameLast nameSubmitAccount form fieldsData were successfully storedSomething went wrong, please try to store againThese fields can not be empty, must be checked, or have to be valid