https://www.lightinginconline.com/privacy/
504-486-5761 |
8180 Earhart Boulevard | New Orleans, LA 70118
Info@LightingIncOnline.com
About Us
Services
Submit Your Lighting Plans
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs
Video Gallery
Login
Wish List
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing or shipping address, phone number (if placing an online order) or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
– To complete an online purchase
– We use this information to identify and serve ads to you that are more relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services including enhancing the data points we or our Advertising Partners have about a particular user, browser, or device to serve the most relevant ads to you and, in turn, improve performance of an Advertiser’s ad campaigns. Specifically, we use this data for:
Targeting: Selecting ads that are more likely to be relevant to you based on the interests previously associated with your device and the time of day you may be most interested in viewing these specific ads. For example, we may show you ads for your favorite shopping site (or similar sites we think you may like) during lunch or commute hours.
Frequency capping: Making sure that you don’t see the same ad too many times.
Sequencing: If you are being served a sequence of ads, making sure we show you the right ad next in the sequence.
Cross-device matching: Identifying different devices that are likely to be associated with you so that ads can be targeted, capped and sequenced across those devices, and so that campaign effectiveness can be measured and analyzed. For example, cross-device matching helps us NOT show you ads for the shoes you were looking at on your phone but already purchased on your tablet. Instead we’ll try to show you ads for an upcoming triathlon where you can put those shoes to work. It also helps us match devices so we can honor your opt-out choices across all devices we know are connected to the opted-out cookie. You may opt-out of being targeted in the above “cross-device” and “cross-channel” ways by employing the respective opt-out techniques we describe in the “Your Choices and Opting-Out of Targeted Ads” section below.
Attribution: Monitoring when, where, and at what price we served certain ads on behalf of an Advertiser so that we can measure our influence on the marketing results of the Advertiser’s campaigns and overall marketing strategy. For example, being able to measure if a certain ad campaign (the ads shown and to whom they were shown) actually sold more soccer balls for ACME Soccer Ball Co.
Reporting: Providing Advertisers insights into how their ads are performing and gain insights into their customers. Reporting may include ad metrics such as impressions, clicks, and conversions (however the Advertiser may define a “conversion” such as, for example, a sale or a white paper download, or a correlation to an actual or inferred sale, site visit or store visit). This data allows an Advertiser to determine if an ad is not performing well (customers are not clicking on it), so that the Advertiser will be able to see that data and update the ad (perhaps with a better deal!). With respect to specific cookie data, we limit reporting to cookie activity on the specific Advertiser’s website and which ads were shown, whether there was engagement with those ads.
You can opt out of receiving personalized ads (including retargeted ads) served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided or by clicking https://app.adroll.com/optout. Please note that this “opt-out” function is browser-specific and relies on an “opt-out cookie”, thus, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt-out again. If you use a Safari browser, please also see directions regarding our cookie-less technology opt-out, below.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes – cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Customer Service
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Lighting, Inc.
8180 Earhart Blvd
New Orleans, LA 70118
Phone: (504) 486-5761
Fax: (504) 210-8484
Email: info@lightinginconline.com
View All Lighting
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Gift Certificates
Our Brands
Careers
Sitemap
Facebook
© 2020 Lighting Inc. Online
SIGN UP AND SAVE
Enter your email to receive our email notices
with special offers, sale previews and discounts.
Sign Up Now
For Email Marketing you can trust.
CLOSE