http://www.bombayelectronics.com/pages/help
Login
EMAIL ADDRESS
PASSWORD
Remember Me
Forgot password?
Not a member?
SIGN UP
Voltage Converters & Adapters
Voltage Transformers
Standard Voltage Transformers
Deluxe Voltage Transformers
convertingbox™ - Premium Transformer
ELC Voltage Transformers
Voltage Regulator Transformers
Travel Voltage Converters
Adapter Plugs
World-Wide Power Strips
DVD & Blu-ray Players
Region Free DVD Players
Standard Region Free DVD Player
Portable Region Free DVD
Region Free Blu-Ray Players
Ultra-HD 4K Blu-ray Players
Sony Region Free Blu-ray Players
LG Region Free Blu-ray Players
Panasonic Region Free Blu-ray Players
4K REGION FREE BLU-RAY PLAYERS
Region Free Home Theater System
Accessories
Audio & Video
Multi-System TVs
Home Audio
Portable Stereo System
HDMI Cables
HDMI Splitter
HDMI Switch
HDMI Matrix
HDMI Extenders
Wireless Extenders
Audio Converters
Video Converters
Splitters & Converters
Home Appliances
Flashlights & Emergency Lanterns
Irons
Food Processor & Choppers
Microwave Oven
Juice Extractors & Citrus Juicers
Meat Grinders
Fans
Bread Toaster & Toaster Oven
Slow Cooker, Rice Cooker & Steamers
Vacuum Cleaners, Dustbusters & Washers
Coffee Maker, Kettle & Capuccino Maker
Coffee Grinders, Blenders & Hand Blenders
Deep Fryers
Sandwich Maker & Grill
Mixer and Hand Mixer
Alarm Clocks
Cookware
Pressure Cookers
Hawkins Pressure Cookers
Butterfly Pressure Cookers
Futura Pressure Cookers
Prestige Pressure Cookers
Presto Pressure Cookers
Parts & Accessories
Stainless Steel Stock Pots
Tava (Griddle), Flat Tava, Fry Pans
Personal Care
Aroma Diffusers
Hair Dryers
Shaver
Curling Irons & Straighteners
Epilators
Heating Pads
Hair Trimmers
Littman Stethoscope
Deals
Home
Help
Help
Bombay Electronics highly trained customer support advisors are a phone call away from Mon. thru Sat. from 9:00am - 6:00pm. You may also reach our customer service via email. Buy with complete confidence, we maintain high ratings on third party sites such as eBay, Reseller Ratings, Google Checkout and Better Business Bureau.Find quick answers to your questions below...
ORDER STATUS
Has my order shipped?
Click the "Track Order" link at the top of our site to check your orders status.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to view orders you have placed. Then click the "Change quantities / cancel orders" link to find and edit your order. Please note that once an order has begun processing or has shipped, the order is no longer editable.
How do I track my order?
Click the "Track Order" link at the top of our site to track your order.
My order never arrived.
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
My product is missing parts.
Click the "My Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
When will my backorder arrive?
Backordered items are those which our suppliers are unable to predict when they will have more in stock, but as soon as they do, we will be able to ship the item to you.
MY ACCOUNT
How do I create an account?
1) Click the "My Account" link at the top right side of our site.
2) Press Sign Up Button
3) Fill your information and click on "CREATE ACCOUNT"
Then simply follow the prompts to complete setting up your account. Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to edit your account information.
How much is my shipping?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.
Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. You may also review our shipping policy for information on shipping times.
I forgot my password.
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site. Under the login box you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password? Click here". That link will send an email to you with your password.
How do I return my product?
Please click here for more information on returning an item.
I received the wrong product.
If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 72 hours of receiving the product.
What is your return policy?
Please see our Return Policy Here for complete details.
When will my order ship?
Please see each individual item page for more information on the availability of each item. Also, after placing your order, you may click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to track the status of your order. You will receive a shipment confirmation when your order has shipped and tracking information within 24-48 hours of shipment. You may also review our shipping policy for information on shipping times.
SHIPPING AND RETURNS
Do you ship Internationally?
Yes, we do ship most of our products internationally. Please create an account by clicking the "My Account" link at the top of our site. During signup we'll ask for your shipping address details including country. If your country is not in the dropdown menu of available countries, unfortunately we cannot ship to your country at this time. Feel free to contact us for more information regarding shipping to your country.
When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.
Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. We will ship your order shortly after we receive payment from you.
What is the return policy?
Please see our Return Policy page for complete details regarding our return policy.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
What about customs and brokerage fees for international shipping?
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges. These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to bidding/buying.
These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up – do not confuse them for additional shipping charges.
What are my payment choices for International shipping?
During the checkout process, please select Google Checkout as payment option for shipping anywhere outside the US. You'll be navigated directly to Google Checkout for payment via credit card. Please note that we will not ship your order until the payment clears with Google Checkout.
GUARANTEES
Low Price Guarantee
It is our commitment to provide you with the best value, at the best price. We value your business and strive to keep our prices low, and SAVE you money!
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.
PRICING AND BILLING
Do I have to pay sales tax?
You only have to pay sales tax if you are located in the same state as our warehouse.
I have a question on my charges.
Click the "My Account" link at the top of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website, with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact customer service for further assistance.
I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.
Click the "My Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to print invoices.
When will my credit appear on my account?
Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s).
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged within 24 hours prior to shipment of your item(s).
BUYER'S GUIDE
How do I buy/redeem a gift certificate?
To purchase a gift certificate for someone, click here. If you are the recipient of a gift certificate and would like to redeem your gift certificate, click here.
How do I find my product?
To find the product(s) you're looking for, you may (1) use the navigation menus on the top, left & bottom of our website. (2) type a keyword into the SEARCH box. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I navigate the site?
To navigate this website, simply click on a category you might be interested in. Categories are located on the top, left & bottom of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You'll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a "hand". Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an "arrow". You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I use a coupon?
After adding items to your cart, click the "View Cart" link at the top of this site to view your cart. At the bottom of the shopping cart you'll see a box where you may enter your coupon code.
ADDITIONAL SUPPORT
How do I contact you?
Please click here for our company contact information.
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
It’s fast, Easy and Free!!!
JOIN NOW
©2020 Bombay Electronics. All Rights Reserved.
Newsletter
Sign-up