http://www.happyfeet4u.com/pages/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Remember!!!
10% OFF ANY ORDER or 15% OFF ORDERS OVER $75 | NEW SALE ITEM SECTION
DisneyNFLAnimal FeetSneaker SlippersSALE ITEMSMarvelNCAASnookiZlipperzOther
FlipemzNBAMLBNHLGift Cards
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
10% Off ANY ORDER | 15% Off Orders Over $75 - NEW SALE SECTION
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
SHARK EFFECT MARKETING, d/b/a Happy Feet ("we", "our", or "us") operates the website located at www.buyhappyfeet.com. The following Terms of Service and any other rules posted on the Site (collectively, the “ToS”) constitute an agreement between Happy Feet and you, the visitor, governing your access and use of all content and functionalities available at www.buyhappyfeet.com and related micro-sites accessible through www.buyhappyfeet.com and related domain names (collectively the Site). Please read these ToS carefully. By using the Site, you agree to these ToS as well as any other terms, guidelines or rules that apply to any portion of the Site, without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to these ToS, you must exit the Site immediately and discontinue any use of the information or products obtainable or accessible through the Site. If you are under 18, you may use this Site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian, you must monitor and supervise the use of this Site by children, minors and others under your care.
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. Our Privacy Policy explains how we treat your personal information and protect your privacy when you are using the Site.
Eligibility to Purchase
The purchase of merchandise through Happy Feet is strictly limited to parties who can lawfully enter into and form contracts on the Internet in accordance with the laws of the State of Kentucky. In order to make purchases on the Site you will be required to provide your personal details and payment details that you represent and warrant are both valid and correct and you confirm that you are the person referred to in the billing information provided.
By making an offer to purchase merchandise you expressly authorize us to perform credit checks and where Happy Feet feels necessary, to transmit or to obtain information (including any updated information) about you to or from third parties, including but not limited to your credit/debit card number or credit reports (including credit reports for your spouse if you reside in a community property jurisdiction), to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit/debit card, to obtain an initial credit/debit card authorization and to authorize individual purchase transactions.
Happy Feet reserves the right to restrict multiple quantities of an item being shipped to any one customer or postal address.
Orders
All orders are subject to acceptance and availability, and items in your shopping basket are not reserved and may be purchased by other customers. Once you have placed your order on the Site, you will receive an email acknowledging the details of your order. This email is not an acceptance of your order. Acceptance of your order will be perfected upon completion of the packing of your order, unless you cancel your order. We may also refuse to process and therefore accept a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion. We will not be liable to you or any third party by reason of our withdrawing any merchandise from the Site or refusing to process a transaction or unwinding or suspending any transaction after processing has begun.
Payment
We accept all major credit and debit cards. Payment will be debited and cleared from your account upon dispatch of your order by Happy Feet. You confirm that the credit/debit card that is being used is yours or that you have been specifically authorized by the owner of the credit/debit card to use it. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorization by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorize payment to Happy Feet, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
Pricing Policy
All prices are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are exclusive of taxes. Sales tax will be charged on all orders shipped to the state of Kentucky. No other tax or import duty will be applied to orders shipped to other states in the USA.
Happy Feet expressly reserves the right to change or modify its prices and fees at any time, and such changes or modifications shall be posted online at this Site and effective immediately without need for further notice.
Discount Codes
We may provide promotional codes offering a discount on our merchandise. Promotional codes are non-transferable and there is no cash alternative. Furthermore, they cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotional code or offers, and must be used by the date published, if any. We reserve the right at any time without notice to retract and/or change the terms of its promotional codes.
Limited License and Site Access; Acceptable Use
We grant you a limited license to use the Site for personal non-commercial use only. You may not: (a) resell or make any commercial use of this Site or any of the contents of this Site; (b) modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or convert any of the contents of this Site not intended to be so read; (c) copy, imitate, mirror, reproduce, distribute, publish, download, display, perform, post or transmit any of the contents of this Site in any form or by any means; or (d) use any data mining, bots, spiders, automated tools or similar data gathering and extraction methods on the contents of the Site or to collect any information from the Site or any other user of the Site.
You use this Site at your own risk. You agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of this Site and for all of your communication and activity on this Site. If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you engaged in prohibited activities, were not respectful of other users, or otherwise violated the ToS, we may deny you access to this Site on a temporary or permanent basis and any decision to do so is final.
User-Generated Content
From time to time, the Sites permit the submission of content, such as comments, blogs and product reviews, generated by you and others users ("User Content").
You are solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. Any User Content or other material, information or ideas that you submit to or post or publish on the Sites is non-confidential and non-proprietary.
By submitting User Content, you represent and warrant to Happy Feet that: (i) your User Content does not violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property right, any right of privacy or publicity of any third party or any applicable law, rule or regulation, (ii) you own or have the legal right to use and authorize Happy Feet to use your User Content, including written consent to use of any product or the name, voice, likeness or any other applicable personal rights of each identifiable person featured or referenced in your User Content and (iii) your User Content does not violate Happy Feet’s Acceptable Use Policy set forth below.
As between you and Happy Feet, you will retain all of your ownership rights in and to your User Content. By submitting User Content to Happy Feet, you hereby grant to Happy Feet a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, edit, modify, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works based upon, display publicly, perform publicly and otherwise exploit (including but not limited to over the Internet, broadcast television or any other uses or media) your User Content, in whole or in part, including future rights that Happy Feet (or its successor) may otherwise become entitled to that do not yet exist, as well as new uses, media, means and forms of exploitation throughout the universe exploiting current or future technology yet to be developed to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. You also hereby grant each user of the Sites a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Sites and to use, access, watch, reproduce, distribute, transmit, forward, display and perform such User Content in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by the Sites under these Terms of Use.
Happy Feet does not endorse any User Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. Happy Feet reserves the right but is not obligated to monitor User Content or other content sent to or through the Sites. Happy Feet has the right to refuse, remove or delete any User Content and/or to terminate any user's access to the Sites if Happy Feet determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such User Content or user violates or has violated these Terms of Use. Happy Feet takes no responsibility for and expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Content.
Acceptable Use Policy
By submitting User Content and otherwise using the Sites, you agree not to: (i) submit any User Content that is protected by or otherwise subject to any third party intellectual property or proprietary rights (including any privacy and publicity rights) unless you own or have permission from the rightful owner of such rights to post such User Content and to grant Happy Feet all of the rights granted herein; (ii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (iii) use the Sites to harm any person or entity, including Happy Feet; (iv) impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a representative of Happy Feet, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (v) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or through the Sites; (vi) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail or any other form of solicitation; (vii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any content that contains computer viruses or other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Sites or any other computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (viii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international laws, rules or regulations, including but not limited to those promulgated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; (ix) collect, store or use personal information about other users of the Sites without their consent; (x) use the Sites (including through submission of User Content) to disparage or make unsubstantiated claims about any person, third party or its/their products or services; (y) use any of the Sites in any manner that could overburden or impair any of the Sites or the networks or systems connected to the Sites; and/or (z) use any device, software or instrumentality to interfere with the proper working of the Sites or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites.
You also agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Sites. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Happy Feet reserves the right to investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who have participated in such violations.
Accounts, Registrations and Passwords
If you use this Site and such use requires setting up an account and/or password(s), you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password(s) and for restricting access to your computer. If you open an account, register, or otherwise provide us with any information, you agree to provide us with current, complete, and accurate information as requested by any forms. Happy Feet is not responsible for any errors or delays in responding to any inquiry or request caused by any incorrect, outdated, or incorrect information provided by you or any technical problems beyond the control of Happy Feet. You acknowledge and agree that any login, identifier, or password issued in connection with this Site (each a "Password") is confidential information and must be kept secure. You may not disclose such Password to another person or entity or permit another entity to access the Site using such Password. You must notify Happy Feet immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Happy Feet cannot be responsible, and disclaims all liability in connection with, the use of any information that you post or display on this Site.
Intellectual Property Rights
Your use of the Site and its contents grants no rights to you in relation to any copyright, designs, trademarks and all other intellectual property and material rights mentioned, displayed or relating to the Content (defined below) on the Site. All Content, including third party trademarks, designs, and related intellectual property rights mentioned or displayed on this Site, are protected by national intellectual property and other laws. Any unauthorized reproduction, redistribution or other use of the Content is prohibited and may result in civil and criminal penalties. You may use the Content only with our prior written and express authorization. To inquire about obtaining authorization to use the Content, please contact us at customerservice@buyhappyfeet.com.
In addition to the intellectual property rights mentioned above, "Content" is defined as any graphics, photographs, including all image rights, sounds, music, video, audio or text on the Site.
Hyperlink Policy
Please be aware that the Site may contain links to third party websites. Any such link is provided only as a convenience. The inclusion of any link does not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, approval, investigation, verification or monitoring by Happy Feet of any information contained in any third party website. In no event shall Happy Feet be responsible for the information contained on that website or your use of or inability to use such website. You should also be aware that the terms and conditions of such website and the website’s privacy policy may be different from those applicable to your use of the Site.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site or audiences similar to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the www.BuyHappyFeet.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Monitoring Activity
Happy Feet has no obligation to monitor this Site or any portion thereof. However, we reserve the right to review any posted content and remove, delete, redact or otherwise modify such content, in our sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, without notice or further obligation to you. Happy Feet has no obligation to display or post any content. Happy Feet, subject to the Privacy Policy reserves the right to disclose, at any time and from time to time, any information or posted content that it deems necessary or appropriate, including without limitation to satisfy any applicable, law, regulation, contractual obligation, legal, dispute process, or governmental request. Happy Feet shall have no liability in connection with any content or content submitted to, transmitted via, or displayed or posted on this Site, regardless of whether provided by Happy Feet or any other party.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Happy Feet expects all users to respect the intellectual property rights of others. Happy Feet may remove material that appears in its sole discretion to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others and we will terminate the access rights of any repeat infringer. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify us at customerservice@buyhappyfeet.com. The notification must include the following information: physical or electronic signature of the owner or authorized agent of the owner of the allegedly infringed work; identification of the allegedly infringed work; identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and reasonably sufficient information for HAPPY FEET to locate the material; contact information of the notifying party, such as address, telephone number and email; a statement that the notifying party has a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner of the allegedly infringed work, its agent or the law; and a statement, under penalty of perjury that the information in the notification is accurate and the notifying party is the owner or authorized agent of the allegedly infringed work.
Disclaimer
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, HAPPY FEET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY (A) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE AS TO THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION, DATA, SOFTWARE, OR PRODUCTS CONTAINED THEREIN, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED BY THEIR USE OR AS TO THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF, (B) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING, AND (C) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE ACCESS OR USE. THE SITE AND ALL CONTENTS THEREIN AND COMPONENTS THEREOF ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AND YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Limitation of Liability
You agree that in no event shall HAPPY FEET be liable to you, or to any third party, for any lost profits, incidental, consequential, punitive, special, or indirect damages arising out of or in connection with the Site or the ToS, even if advised as to the possibility of such damages, regardless of whether the claim for such damages is based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise. This limitation on liability includes, but is not limited to, any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies in any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred by you as a result of your use of or reliance on the Content; (ii) the transmission of any bugs, viruses, trojan horses or the like which may infect your equipment, failure of mechanical or electronic equipment; (iii) unauthorized access to or use of the Site or HAPPY FEET' secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein; or (iv) theft, operator errors, strikes or other labor problems or any force majeure.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold Happy Feet and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from and against any suit, action, claim, demand, penalty or loss, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by or resulting from any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Site, breach of the ToS or the materials it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law, regulation, order or other legal mandate, or the rights of a third party.
Choice of Law; Disputes
You will resolve any claim, cause of action or dispute (together a “claim”) you have with Happy Feet arising out of or relating to the Site or the ToS exclusively in a state or federal court located in Jefferson County, Kentucky. The laws of the State of Kentucky will govern the ToS, as well as any claim that may arise between you and Happy Feet, without regard to conflict of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Kentucky, located in Jefferson County, for the purpose of litigating all such claims. Any dispute arising hereunder or related to your use of the Site shall be solely between you and Happy Feet, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, no dispute or proceeding shall be joined with any other or decided on a class-action basis. In the event any breach of these ToS portends irreparable injury to Happy Feet, you agree that Happy Feet shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunctions and declaratory judgments, in addition to any other remedies permitted by law.
Right to Update or Revise Terms of Use
We reserve the right to update and revise these ToS at any time. You will know if these ToS have been revised since your last visit to the website by referring to the "Effective Date of Current Policy" date at the top of this page. Your use of our Site constitutes your acceptance of these ToS as amended or revised by us from time to time, and you should therefore review these ToS regularly.
Electronic Communications
When you visit the Site, or send us e-mails, you are communicating with us electronically. In so doing, you consent to receive communications from us electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
Severability
If any of these ToS shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that term shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining terms or conditions.
Entire Agreement
These ToS set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and Happy Feet with respect to the subject matter herein and supers all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written with respect to the Site. A printed version of these ToS and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these ToS to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. You may not assign the ToS, or assign, transfer or sublicense your rights therein. A failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive HAPPY FEET' right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
RETURN AND EXCHANGE POLICY
If you would like to exchange your Happy Feet slippers please send them to us via US Postal Service, FedEx or UPS to the address below. We will send them back to you on an exchange at no charge, but remember that you must pay to ship them to us. We do not accept worn slippers for exchange. Please include the original packing slip or order information in the package along with identifying the item you would like in return. No RMA# is required for returns or exchanges after 1/1/10.
Return Policy
You may return your Happy Feet slippers within 75 days of purchase for a refund. Returns must be accompanied by a receipt or identifiable website order number. All returns are subject to inspection for excessive use or wear and we will credit the original purchasers account. We refund the original item cost only not original shipping to you or for the return to us. We do not accept worn slippers for return unless deemed defective by manufacturing.
Simply send the item back with the original packing slip or order information in the package and ask for a refund.
Happy Feet Returns and Exchanges P.O. Box 352 56247 W Hwy 84 Hartington, NE 68739
We recommend that you purchase tracking on all returns and exchanges to ensure it gets delivered.
Extra Charges
When exchanging an item for one of another price we will charge the difference to the card on file from the original purchase. If you do not want that card charged, you must include payment in the package with your exchange.
Refunds:
Refunds will be made in the form of the original payment where the same credit card used for purchase will be credited with a refund. While we process returns within 5 business days from the day we received the items, card refunds may take up to ten business days for your bank to complete, depending on their processing time. This can vary greatly between card issuers, and unfortunately we are unable to influence this.