https://www.dancia.co.uk/help/
Covid-19: The latest updates from Dancia - Click HereALL SHOPS NOW OPEN &centerdot CLICK & COLLECT STILL AVAILABLE* Warehouse opening hours: 10am - 5:30pm on Mon, Tue, Thu & Fri *
Login & Register  |
My Account  |
Contact Us  |
Site Map  |
Help
BASKET: (0) items £0.00
CHECKOUT »
Dance shoes
Dancewear
Ballet wear
Accessories
Gaynor Minden
Gymnastics
Store locator
Jobs
You are here: Home » Help
Customer Help and FAQ:
How do I return items for a
refund?
How do I exchange items?
My order contains an incorrect/ faulty
item
Do I need to pay to return items?
Which
countries do you deliver to?
How much
does delivery cost?
When will
my order arrive?
Why have I not
received my order?
How can I check
an order?
How do I use a coupon code?
Do you offer
gift wrapping?
I see an error
on the website
Which Payment methods
do you accept?
Do you store my
card details?
Privacy and Your details
How do I return items for a
refund?
Check that the item you wish to return is not
exempt under our Returns Policy (See section
7.2 of our Terms and Conditions).
You must email or write to our
head office within 7 days of receiving
your products to tell us that you would like to cancel the order and get a
refund. Our Head Office email address is sales@dancia.co.uk and our postal address is: Dancia Ltd, Crown House, Crown Road, Portslade, East Sussex BN41 1SH.
Download, print and fill in a Returns Form:
Return the products to us immediately, in the
same condition that you received them, along with the completed Returns Form.
Shoes and garments must be unworn with labels
attached, free from make-up, odour and deodorant marks and be in the original
packaging where appropriate.
Please note that you are responsible for the
cost of returning products to us (unless they are defective – please see
returning faulty goods)
We strongly advise that you obtain proof of
postage as we cannot be held responsible for returned items that we do not receive.
Subject to the conditions above, we will usually
refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you
to pay for your purchase. We will process the refund due to you as soon as
possible and, in any event, within 30 days of the day we received your notice
of cancellation.
^ Return to contents
How do I exchange items?
Check that the item you wish to return is not
exempt under the terms of our Returns Policy (See section
7.2 of our Terms and Conditions).
Download, print and fill in a Returns Form, including
details of the items you would like to exchange your products for:
Return the products to us within 21 working days
of receiving your order in the same condition that you received them, along
with the completed Returns Form.
Shoes and garments must be unworn with labels
attached, free from make-up, odour and deodorant marks and be in the original
packaging where appropriate.
Please note that you are responsible for the
cost of returning products to us (unless they are defective – please see returning faulty goods)
We strongly advise that you obtain proof of
postage as we cannot be held responsible for returned items that we do not receive.
Subject to the conditions above, we will aim to
process your exchange and ship your replacement goods to you within 14 days. If
we are not able to process your exchange within this timescale, we will contact
you at the earliest opportunity to let you know.
For exchanges being delivered to UK addresses,
we offer free standard delivery the first time a Product is exchanged. However,
if you wish to exchange a Product more than once or your shipping address is
outside the UK, additional shipping costs will be charged.
Any extra amounts will either be debited
or credited to you via your original payment method.
^ Return to contents
My order contains an incorrect/faulty item
Print and fill in a Returns Form, including
details of the defect or error, and whether you would like to exchange the
product or get a refund:
Return the defective/ incorrectly sent products to us along
with your completed returns form by 2nd
class post.
Products returned by you because of a defect or
an error on our part will be refunded in full (including the cost of sending
the Products to you via standard delivery, and the cost of you returning the
Products to us by 2nd class post) within 30 days (although in most cases you
will receive your refund much sooner than this). Alternatively, if we and you
agree, we may supply you with a replacement or substitute Product.
Please
note again that we will only refund the cost of returning products to us by 2nd
class post. We also strongly advise that you obtain and proof of postage as
we cannot be held responsible for returned items that we do not receive.
^ Return to contents
Do I need to pay to return items?
Yes. You are responsible for the cost of returning products to us
unless we have sent you the wrong product in error, or the product is faulty.
If you are returning incorrect or faulty items to us, you will need to
pay for the postage up front and we will reimburse you at a later date.
Please note again
that we will only refund the cost of returning products to us by 2nd
class post and only when the product is faulty or we have sent the wrong
product in error. We also strongly advise that you obtain proof of
postage as we cannot be held responsible for returned items that we do not
receive.
^ Return to contents
Which
countries do you deliver to?
We ship goods worldwide, provided that payment has been received in full
prior to dispatch and subject to third party anti-fraud checks.
Naturally, shipping goods abroad is more expensive than delivering to UK
addresses, and unfortunately we may be unable to offer a precise delivery dates
for orders being shipped to foreign countries via standard post.
If your order is to be shipped abroad and you require expedited delivery
or tracking of your consignment, we may be able to arrange a courier service
for a small extra charge. Please contact us for more information and a quote
prior to placing your order.
^ Return to contents
How much does delivery cost?
The delivery cost will depend on the total value of your order
(excluding VAT), the country your goods are being shipped to and the delivery
method you have chosen.
Please see our shipping page for further details.
^ Return to contents
When will my order arrive?
The times it takes for your order to arrive will depend on the delivery
method you have chosen, the country your order is shipping to and whether your
items are in stock.
Out of stock and made to order items will take longer to arrive. We will
contact you to advise you of this on receipt of your order. If your items are
not in stock we will let you know as soon as possible and where possible, give
you an estimated date for delivery. If the estimated delivery date provided by
us is not acceptable to you, you may cancel your order and receive a full
refund.
Please note that the delivery time quoted for UK Standard Royal Mail
delivery below is an estimate only. The average delivery time is 2 to 3 working days,
but parcels may take up to two weeks to arrive.
Providing an estimate for items being shipped abroad is more difficult
as this is largely dependent on the efficiency of the receiving foreign postal
service. The delivery times quoted below are therefore also an estimate only.
Estimated UK delivery
times for in-stock items
Standard delivery (Royal Mail):
up
to 5 days
Special Delivery (Royal Mail):
Guaranteed
next working day, before 1pm
Estimated delivery times for in-stock items to the European Union
Standard Delivery (Royal Mail):
10
days
Estimated delivery times for in-stock items to the rest of the world
Standard Delivery (Royal Mail):
15+ days
Please note that we must allow 15 working days for
delivery of a UK order and 20 working days for
delivery of an international order before they are considered ‘lost in the post’. Please contact us
after this time to take action - this is a Royal Mail requirement.
^ Return to contents
Why have I not
received my order?
Orders
are normally dispatched the following working day.
If there is a problem with your order we will contact you by phone or email.
You can view
status of your order by logging on to My Account, clicking on the 'Order History' link.
Please Note we must allow 15 working days for delivery of UK
orders and 20 days for delivery of international orders before
parcels are considered 'lost
in the post'.
Please contact us
after this time to take action - this is a Royal Mail requirement.
You
are welcome to contact us at sales@dancia.co.uk with any queries relating to your order.
^ Return to contents
How can I check
an order?
You can view
status of your order by logging on to My Account, clicking on the 'Order History' link.
If
you opted at the checkout to receive email updates on the progress of your
order, these will be sent to you automatically as your order progresses.
You
are welcome to contact us at sales@dancia.co.uk with any queries relating to your order.
^ Return to contents
How do I use a coupon code?
Click on the ‘Shopping Basket’
link when you are ready to complete your order
Enter your code in the ‘Coupon
Code’ field displayed below the shopping basket contents
Click the ‘Apply Coupon’ button
^ Return to contents
Do you offer
gift wrapping?
Dancia does not currently offer a gift wrapping service for mail order
items. If you would like to see us providing this service in future, then
please email this suggestion to sales@dancia.co.uk.
We value customer feedback and will consider any suggestions made.
^ Return to contents
I see an error
on the website
We apologise for any errors you may have encountered while
visiting our website.
If you continue to experience any issues please contact
our head office team on 01273 414455 ext.20. Alternatively you can email us at sales@dancia.co.uk or use our contact
form.
^ Return to contents
Which Payment methods do you accept?
We are currently able to accept payment by the following methods:
Visa Debit Card
Visa Credit Card
Mastercard
Maestro
JCB
Solo
We regret that we are unable to accept payments via PayPal or Visa Electron at present.
^ Return to contents
Do you store my card details?
All card payments are processed securely by PayPoint.net on Dancia’s behalf.
Dancia does not receive, store, or process any of your payment card
details through this website.
^ Return to contents
Privacy and Your details
At Dancia Ltd we are committed to
protecting and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating
electronically with us.
Our Privacy Policy contains an explanation of what happens to personal data
that you choose to provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit
this site.
We do occasionally update this Policy and recommend that you return and review
this Policy from time to time.
^ Return to contents
Get our newsletter
Help and info
Shipping
Returns Policy
Refunds & Exchanges
Help Centre & FAQ
Create an account
Our shops
Store locator
Brighton
London, Covent Garden
Caversham, Reading
Crowthorne
Ewell village, Epsom
Shop online
Dance shoes
Dancewear
Balletwear
RAD & ISTD uniforms
Dance sneakers
Latin & ballroom
About us
About Dancia
Contact us
Jobs at Dancia
What's in store
Special offers
New this season
Find your local shop
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Cookies |
Accessibility |
Site Map |
Help