http://www.rensup.com/Policy/california-privacy-rights
Rensup: California Privacy Rights
Customer Service: 1-800-659-2211 or International: 1-413-423-3300
Email: cs@rensup.com
Track your order
Bookmark us
0
Home
All Categories
Bathroom
Kitchen
Hardware
Outdoor & Garden
Lighting
Home Decor & Furniture
Help Center
Business Customer
Blog
Jobs
Home
California Privacy Rights
California Privacy Rights
Last Updated: January, 2020
California Consumer Privacy Act
If you are a California resident and Renovators Supply Manufacturing customer, you have the right to place the request to disclose the personal information/data under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). We will fulfill each of these requests to the extent required by law.
You can ask us what personal information we have about you, including a list of categories of your personal information that we have sold and a list of categories of your personal information that we have shared with another company for a business purpose.
You can ask us to delete your personal information.
You can ask that we stop selling your personal information.
More information on each of these requests is below.
What personal information do we collect about you?
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
A list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to. Any of the categories of personal information that we collect could be included in a sale to other companies, including those within our corporate family. If we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact.
A list of categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, along with the category of any other company we shared it with.
You can ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months.
Delete My Personal Information: You have the right to ask that we delete your personal information. Once we receive a request, we will delete the personal information (to the extent required by law) we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information. If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain website or in-store functions that require your personal information to operate. Deleting your personal information will not cancel memberships you have purchased.
Stop Selling My Personal Information: We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. For purposes of California law, all categories of personal information, except for background and criminal information, bio-metric information, and government identifiers, are transferred to third parties or within our family of companies. Such transfers may be considered a sale. If you submit a request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop making such transfers. If you are a California resident, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” at the bottom of our home page to submit your request.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. This generally means we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods. Please know, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require usage of your personal information to function.
To exercise the California privacy rights described above, please click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” or “Request My Personal Information” at the bottom of our home page or call 1-800-659-2211
or contact us at cs@rensup.com.
Your California Privacy Rights (Shine the Light Act)
Under California law, California residents who have an existing business relationship with us are entitled to request and obtain personal information once a calendar year about the customer information we shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, subject to certain exceptions. To opt out of such sharing, you may contact us at cs@rensup.com.
For any questions or concerns about our CCPA Disclosure or privacy practices, you can reach us at
cs@rensup.com
or contact us at
1-800-659-2211
Go to Renovators Supply Privacy Policy
Send your comments  |
Check your Order  |
Become an Affiliate  |
Buy Wholesale  |
About Us
|
Online Employment Form
Sitemap:
Bathroom Index  |
Hardware Index  |
Lighting Index  |
Furniture Index
|
Design Accents Index
Contact us  -
Terms and Conditions  -
Privacy Policy
-
Your California Privacy Rights
-
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
-
Request My Personal Information
Our Amazon Reviews
Our products on Houzz
Connect with us
Powered by Digital Mesh
×
Confirmation
Cancel
OK
×
Warning!
OK
×
Request Wholesale Prices
Please enter the message.
Name *
Phone *
Email *
Message *
Cancel
Send
×
Quick Buy with Item #
Item #
Quantity
Close
×
INFORMATION ABOUT FREE SHIPPING
FREE SHIPPING is for WEB ORDERS ONLY
Listings that include this
stamp qualify for free shipping
If you order total is over $125 your entire order qualifies for free shipping
If your order includes BOTH free shipping and non free shipping items then shipping is only calculated for those items that require shipping.
For Ground Shipping Only
Freight items only pay additional freight charge
For Continental 48 states ONLY
Not applicable for special order items
Close
×
ModalTitle
Modalbutton
Close