https://www.edgarbrown.com/guarantee-privacy-policy/
Guarantee & Privacy Policy
$ Money Back Authenticity Guarantee
Acquiring your favorite piece of autographed art and memorabilia can be one of the most exciting purchases you can make, as long as it is REAL. EJB Creative Group LLC guarantees the authenticity of each and every hand signed piece that is sold on the edgarbrown.com retail web site. Either a photograph, videotape and/or an official Certificate of Authenticity comes with each piece that is purchased from us.
Return Policy
All Items purchased from the retail site are subject to a 10 day money back guarantee after receipt. The merchandise must be in the original condition and sent back with a return authorization number. To obtain an authorization # call 201.691.7278.
Gathering User Information
EJB Creative Group LLC gathers individually identifiable information that you provide to us on a voluntary basis. For example, information may be gathered from: purchases, submissions or any other interactive areas of our site. In connection with our current and planned electronic commerce services, you will be asked to provide information, including credit card information, address and phone number, that is necessary to complete a transaction you have requested.
The Information We Collect
We may combine information about your usage and purchasing patterns with similar information obtained from other users and purchasers to create profiles of EJB Creative Group LLC clients as a whole and to identify their preferences. This information may occasionally be shared with our affiliates and business partners as well as used by EJB Creative Group LLC. We will use personal information to communicate with you about: new products, events and any other promotions or services offered by EJB Creative Group LLC From time to time, we or our affiliates may call to you attention, products or special offers we believe might be of interest to you.
Affiliated and Linked Sites
EJB Creative Group LLC expects its affiliates to respect the privacy of our website users and clients. Understand that they may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. EJB Creative Group LLC is not responsible for any of our affiliates actions or policies. Users should check any applicable privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information. You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose any personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address, messages in chat areas etc…) that information can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result In unsolicited messages. Such activities are beyond the control of EJB Creative Group LLC.
Policy Changes
The foregoing policy is effective as of 1/1/07. EJB Creative Group LLC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following any changes to these terms will mean you that you accept them.
Product CategoriesAthlete Signed Art
Canvas Editions
Fine Art Editions
Original Paintings
Sports Posters
Uncategorized
Products
©Edgar J. Brown Jordan The Last Dance - Limited Edition of 23
Rated 5.00 out of 5
$300.00
©Edgar J. Brown Michael Jordan Fine Art Canvas Only 23 Works
Rated 5.00 out of 5
$1,249.00 $900.00
Viking Spirit
$1,249.00
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Saquon Barkley Fine Art
Rated 5.00 out of 5
$300.00
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Adversity Wrestling Art
$40.00
EJB Creative Group LLC
PO Box 3372
Bethlehem, PA 18017
201.691.7278
Featured Artwork
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Adversity Wrestling Art
$40.00
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Perseverance Wrestling Art
$40.00
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Determination Wrestling Art
$40.00
© Artist Edgar J. Brown Achievement Wrestling Art
$40.00
Lastest NewsBig John McCarthy UFC RefereeJanuary 28, 2020 - 6:06 pm© Artist Edgar J. BrownMMA Fighter David BranchMarch 28, 2019 - 5:27 am© Artist Edgar J. BrownAdversity Wrestling Fine Art PaintingSeptember 15, 2018 - 2:27 am
Scroll to top