https://www.famousfour.co.uk/privacy
MENU
Parts
Off-Road
Workshop
Vehicle Sales
Contact Us
Blog
REGISTER
LOG IN
LR
0
0
£
0.00
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Famous Four are dedicated to protecting the privacy of our customers and website visitors whilst providing the highest level of customer service.
This notice provides you with information about:
What personal data we collect
How we use your data
Who we share your data with
How we store your data to ensure your privacy is maintained; and
Your rights relating to your personal data
Please read the following carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our site immediately.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679, the data controller is Famous Four Products Limited, a company registered in England under company number 03392197, whose registered address is Warwick Road, Fairfield Industrial Estate, Louth, Lincolnshire, LN11 0YB.
References to “our site”, “our website”, “the site” or “the website” refer to:
www.famousfour.co.uk
www.famousfourclassic.co.uk
rangerovertailgates.com
rangerovertailgates.co.uk
rangerovertailgate.com
rangerovertailgate.co.uk
classictailgates.com
classictailgates.co.uk
Information Collected
We collect the information you supply via our registration forms, and also each time you send us an e-mail or contact us by other methods, such as by telephone or face to face at our premises.
The information we may obtain could be name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address and payment information.
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website.
We can also collect information automatically each time a visitor enters and/or browses our website. This information, which includes browsing patterns, is only used for generic purposes, and as such cannot be used to identify you specifically. This general information is used to help us to understand how visitors use our website and to decide how to develop and improve our website.
We may also collect any personal information which you allow to be shared that is part of your public profile on a third party social network.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files, temporarily stored on your computer when using our website. They are absolutely necessary to allow us (and every other on-line shop when you visit them) to put your chosen items into your shopping basket for on-line purchasing. They are not used by us for compiling, gathering or storing any information about you.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.
Use of Google Analytics Service
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Use of Personal Information
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and/or to take steps prior to entering into a contract for you or because you have consented to our use of your personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails), or because it is in our legitimate interests.
We use the personal information collected from you for the following purposes:
So we may communicate with you to provide the best possible service to you when processing any orders you have made.
Occasionally we may contact you with information about products and services we offer, where you have provided permission for us to do so, or with information about our goods and services similar to those which you have already obtained from us or received a quote for.
For these marketing messages you can unsubscribed from at any time.
Statistical purposes to comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations and to help us manage our business and plan strategically for the future.
To notify you about changes to our service
How we share your information
In order to make certain services available to you, we may need to share your personal data with third parties.
We may disclose your personal information to:
Our courier company who delivers your orders;
Selected third parties (for example Trustpilot) if you are a new customer and you have consented to this;
Third party suppliers who manage our secure payment platform and credit card processing.
Your personal information may also be shared:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Famous Four Products Limited substantially sell all of its assets or are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and othe agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Famous Four Products Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it.
Your data may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
Data security is very important to us, and to protect your data we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through our site.
Our website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to provide encryption of personal information such as your name, address or credit card details.
All online payments are handled by SagePay or Paypal who also use this SSL technology and we will only accept online orders using SSL technology.
This Policy applies only to your use of this website. The website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Whilst we take every effort to ensure the security of your information, please note that email communication is not always secure, so whilst we encourage the use of our secure website for placing your order you can call us on +44 (0) 1507 609444 where we will be happy to take your order
Your rights
You have a right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you, known as a data subject access request and to request that any information is updated or removed at any time.
We may need to retain transactional data to comply with our legal requirements. You also have the right to withdraw consent you have given us to process your personal data for any marketing basis.
Please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of personal data we have carried out before you withdrew consent.
If you want us to restrict or stop processing your data this may impact on our ability to provide our services and we may be unable to continue providing our service to you.
Complaints about the use of your personal data
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated by writing to Stuart Lister, Data Protection Officer, Famous Four Products Limited, Warwick Road, Fairfield Industrial Estate, Louth, Lincolnshire, LN11 0YB
If you are not satisfied with our response you can complain to the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Further details can be found at www.ico.org.uk
We may need to change the terms of this Policy from time to time and changes will be posted on this page (and/or where appropriate, otherwise notified to you).This Policy was last updated on 23 May 2018 and is effective as of 24th May 2018.
Parts & Workshop
Parts & Accessories
Foursport Off-Road
LR Parts Directory
Gift Ideas
Service & Repairs
Range Rover Classic Tailgates
More Information
Contact Us
Trade Enquiries
About Us
Feedback & Testimonials
Useful Links
Famous Four Classic
Vehicles for Sale
Retail Sales
Trade Sales
Sale History
Social Media
Famous Four Blog
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Website Policies
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Delivery Policy
Famous Four Products Ltd.
Tel: +44 (0)1507 609444 ~ Fax: +44 (0)1507 609555
Warwick Road, Fairfield Industrial Estate,
LOUTH,
LINCS,
LN11 0YB,
United Kingdom
info@famousfour.co.uk
Copyright 1998-2020 Famous Four Products Ltd. Errors and Omissions Excepted.