http://www.klockit.com/privacy-security/
Privacy & Security
Home
Privacy & Security
Klockit is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors.
This privacy statement discloses what information is gathered about Klockit.com visitors and describes how Primex, Inc. uses that information. Our policy is to keep the personal information we receive from Klockit.com completely confidential and used solely for internal purposes. We will not share personal information with any other parties.
Collection of Personal Information
The personal information collected may include website visitors' name, title, company or organization name, e-mail, phone. We may collect certain information about the visit, such as type of browser used; the date and time the site was accessed; the pages accessed while at the site and the Internet address of the Web site that linked the visitor to Klockit.com. This information is used to help improve the site and administer the site.
Klockit uses Google Analytics products, including Display Advertising, Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google Ads Settings.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information collected on Klockit.com will be used to provide the services that have been requested by the visitor. We may use personal information to provide important information about products or services that the visitor is using, including critical updates and notifications. Additionally, we may send information about other products and services.
Klockit uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show Klockit ads on sites across the Internet. Klockit and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a user's past visits to Klockit.com.
Klockit will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features unless we have robust notice of, and prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or concerns about the way we process personal data, please contact us at 1-800-556-2548.
We may occasionally modify this privacy statement. All such changes will be reflected on this web page.
Klockit Blog
Top Rated Products
Bonus Buys
© 2020 klockit.com. All right reserved.