http://www.windsorstore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Support
Store Locations
Free US Shipping Every Day $75+
LEARN MORE
Free US Shipping Every Day $75+
Buy 2, Get 1 FREE! Shop Now
Buy 2, Get 1 FREE! Shop Now
The Perfect Gift For Any Occasion | Shop Gift Cards
Make Gift Giving Chic | Shop Gift Cards
Buy Now, Pay Over Time with Quadpay
Buy Now, Pay Over Time with Quadpay
My Account
My Account
Wishlist
Add the final touches
You Might Try These Instead
Shopping bag (0)
Your cart is currently empty.
Proceed to Checkout
Continue Shopping
Subtotal
$0.00
(tax and shipping calculated at checkout)
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout
Secure Shopping!
Your information is always safe and secure.
Add the final touches
You Might Try These Instead
<div class="CartProduct" data-id="[[ id ]]">
<div class="CartProduct__image">
<a href="[[ url ]]">
[[ formatted_image ]]
</a>
</div>
<div class="CartProduct__info">
<a class="CartProduct__title" href="[[ url ]]">[[ product_title ]]</a>
##OPTIONS##
<div class="CartProduct__options">
<span>[[ variant_title ]]</span>
</div>
##OPTIONS##
##QUANTITY_SELECTOR##
<div class="CartProduct__quantity" data-label="QTY">
<label for="quantity_[[ key ]]">QTY</label>
<div class="Quantity__button Quantity__button--left" data-quantity-minus><i class="far fa-minus }}"></i></div>
<input
class="Quantity__input Quantity__input--readonly"
type="number"
name="quantity"
value="[[ quantity ]]"
min="0"
data-quantity-input
data-quantity-debounce="[[ key ]]"
readonly
>
<div class="Quantity__button Quantity__button--right" data-current-quantity="[[ quantity ]]" data-quantity-plus><i class="far fa-plus }}"></i></div>
<div class="CartProduct__remove" data-cart-remove data-product-id="[[ product_id ]]"><i class="far fa-times"></i></div>
</div>
##QUANTITY_SELECTOR##
<div class="CartProduct__price [[ discounted ]]" data-label="Price">[[ formatted_price ]]</div>
##DISCOUNT_DESCRIPTION##
<div class="CartProduct__discount">[[ discount_description ]]</div>
##DISCOUNT_DESCRIPTION##
<div class="CartProduct__wishlist">
<span class="smartwishlist cartwishlist" data-product="[[ product_id ]]" data-variant="[[ variant_id ]]"></span>
<div class="clickArea" data-wishlist-remove>Move to Wishlist</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
Back
Welcome!
It looks like you're located in:
Would you like to visit
instead?
Yes, take me there!
No, I'll stay here
Email Sent
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
Order Status
Enter your order number to check its status.
Order Number*
Billing ZIP Code*
Check Status
Cancel
For FAQs and returns, see our Return Policy.
Have a question? Contact us!
Added to Wishlist
View Now
Home
Privacy policy
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Windsor Web Site "Site". Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site the "Agreement". Please note that your use of our Site means that you agree to these rules.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may from time to time change these rules. We will notify users of the Site of any changes by posting the revised policy reflecting them with a new effective date on this page. Your use of our Site following any such change means that you agree to the rules as changed. These rules--specifically including the "Customer Information Policy", "Use of Cookies", "Use of IP Addresses", and "Security" paragraphs below--apply to this website only and not to any other website or business activity of Windsor Inc. or any of its divisions.
Customer Information Policy
Windsor does not intend, and the site is not designed to collect personal information from those users under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not provide personal information to our site or in connection with the services. Windsor recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. The information collected is used to help us respond to customer inquiries, send emails about sales and events, and other marketing and promotional materials through the mail, contact contest winners and/or ship and bill orders. The information also helps us in determining what products appeal to our customers so we can better merchandise our site.
Windsor collects personal information necessary to process an order, a contest entry or a request to receive promotional emails from the consumer. This information includes name, address, city, state, zip code, phone number, email address, gender optional and date of birth optional. For those users who have opted to register their personal profile with the Site by setting up an account, the above information, including additional Ship To addresses, can be reviewed and maintained by the customer by accessing it through the My Account link in the top navigation bar of the Sites pages. For those customers who have not registered a maintainable account on the site, they may contact Windsor customer service at 1-888-494-6376 to have their information updated as needed.
We may use customer information for marketing and promotional purposes. Each promotional email we send comes with a link that enables our customers to unsubscribe or remove themselves from our mailing list. In addition, we may from time to time make customer information available to other carefully screened companies. Categories of companies with which we may share information include other companies that we believe offer products and services that our customers may be interested in, either directly or through companies that market information about potential customers to other suppliers of products or services. If you would like to make sure that we make every effort not to share your email address or other information with third parties, just send an email message to info@windsorstore.com.
When we offer contests or promotions, or join with other companies to do so, visitors who choose to participate in these contests and promotions may be asked to provide personal information to participate. That information may then be used by us and any company offering the contest or promotions to notify winners or to fulfill promotional obligations. We may use third parties to perform services such as mailing marketing and promotional materials on our behalf. We will supply customer information to those third parties to the extent necessary to enable them to perform the services we have engaged them to provide.
Windsor may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the Website through the use of trusted third party partners.  These partners may combine your email information with other information they have access to such as mailing address so that Windsor may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail.   If you do not want Windsor to collect information about you, please contact Windsor to opt out.
Children under the age of 13 (16 in European Union/United Kingdom)
Our website is not designed for children under 13 (16 in the European Union/United Kingdom), and we do not knowingly collect information from these children. In fact, our website requires you to have reached the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you live in order to make purchases there. If you are under the age of 13 (16 in the European Union/United Kingdom), please do not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. Windsor does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 (16 in the European Union/United Kingdom) on our Services. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13 916 in the European Union/ United Kingdom), we will delete that information as required by applicable law. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13 (16 in the European Union/United Kingdom), please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. Visitors older than the age of 13 (16 in the European Union/United Kingdom), but younger than their country’s legal age of majority are permitted to use and/or submit their personal information only with parental supervision. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their minor children and to participate and monitor their interactive activities. Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line visiting: Protecting your Child's Privacy Online
SMS Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully. You also accept and agree to be bound by these SMS Terms and Conditions, the Website Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Changes to Terms and Conditions: Windsor may revise, modify, or amend these SMS Terms and Conditions at any time. Any such revision, modification, or amendment shall take effect when it is posted to Windsor’s website. You agree to review these SMS Terms and Conditions periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued consent to receive Windsor’s text messages/marketing calls will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Mobile Messages Program Descriptions:
WINDSOR ORDER Mobile Messages: Available only in the U.S.
How to Opt-In: To sign up to receive mobile messaging about your order from Windsor Stores, please enter your mobile number at time of checkout.
How to Opt-Out: Text STOP to 91884 to opt out.
Support/Help: To request more information, or help, please text HELP to 91884, or call (888) 494-6376 or email info@windsorstore.com
WINDSOR VIP Mobile Messages: Available only in the U.S.
How to Opt-In: Text VIPME to 91884 to receive promotional alerts from Windsor Stores. How to Opt-Out: Text STOP to 91884 to opt out.
Support/Help: To request more information, or help, please text HELP to 91884, or call (888) 494-6376 or email info@windsorstore.com
By subscribing to any of the Windsor Stores mobile messaging programs, you agree to receive autodialed marketing messages to the telephone number used at the time of enrollment and/or agreeing to opt in. Furthermore, you grant Windsor Store express permission to send automated text messages to the enrolled mobile phone number(s) through your wireless phone carrier unless and until such permission is revoked in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. By granting such permission to Windsor Stores, you are hereby requesting to receive text messages and/or autodial calls in spite of the fact that your mobile phone number(s) may otherwise be on the federal, or a state's  Do Not Call List and you agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, your request overrides any prior Do Not Call request for or related to the Windsor Store program you enroll in. Your consent to receive marketing calls and text messages is optional and is not a condition of receiving any products or services from Windsor Store or any of its affiliates.
E-Sign Disclosure:  By agreeing to receive text messages, you also consent to the use of an electronic record to document your agreement. You may withdraw your consent to the use of the electronic record by sending STOP to 91884.
Your Mobile Telephone Number: You acknowledge and represent to Windsor Store that you are an authorized user of the mobile phone number(s) that you signed up to receive the calls/text messages service, or you have been granted permission by an authorized user of the mobile phone number(s) to enroll the mobile phone number(s) in the service. In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile number, it is your responsibility to notify Windsor Stores at (888) 494-6376 to have your phone number removed.
Message Frequency:
We may send you an initial message confirming that we have received your opt-in. After that, the specific amount of text messages may vary depending on how you use our services and the types of text messages you registered to receive. The number of text messages you receive may depend upon factors including how you use our services and whether you take steps to generate additional text messages from us (such as by sending a HELP request). We estimate to send around 10-15 number of promotional/marketing messages per month .
Pricing: You will be charged the standard text messaging fee by your wireless (cellular) carrier for each message you send or receive, in accordance with your cellular subscription agreement. Message and data rates may apply, depending on your cellular subscription agreement. You are responsible for all applicable taxes. Consult your wireless (cellular) service provider regarding their pricing plans.
Supported Carriers: Supported carriers may change from time to time.
Access or Delivery to Mobile Network is Not Guaranteed:
Delivery of information and content to a mobile device may fail due to a variety of circumstances or conditions. You understand and acknowledge that network services, including but not limited to mobile network services, are outside of Windsor Store’s control, and Windsor Store is not responsible or liable for issues arising from them.  Mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Termination of Text Messaging: Windsor Store may suspend or terminate your receipt of Windsor Store’s text messages if Windsor Store believes you are in breach of these SMS Terms and Conditions. Your receipt of Windsor Store’s text messages is also subject to termination in the event that your mobile telephone service terminates or lapses. Windsor Store reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of Windsor text messages, with or without notice.
Limitation of Liability and Release:
By participating, you agree to release and hold harmless Windsor and participating wireless (cellular) carriers and their respective representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors (together, the "Released Parties"), from any and all liability, loss, harm, damage, injury, cost or expense whatsoever, including without limitation, property damage, personal injury and death, which may occur in connection with this WINDSOR ORDER and WINDSOR VIP Mobile Messages (“Mobile Messages Program”), and for any claims based on violation of law or infringement or violation of any rights of any person or entity, including, without limitation, violation of publicity rights, defamation and invasion of privacy.
Released Parties are not responsible for any printing, typographical, mechanical or other errors in associated promotional materials in connection with the Mobile Messages Program. Participating wireless (cellular) carriers and each of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives and employees are not responsible for this Mobile Messages Program, and none of them will have any liability or responsibility for any claim arising in connection with participation in the Mobile Messages Program.
Released Parties are not responsible for the following: technical, hardware, software, electronic, network, telephone or other communications malfunctions; errors or failures of any kind; errors in transmission; traffic congestion, lost or unavailable network connections, telephone connections, wireless (cellular) phone connections; website, Internet, or ISP availability; unauthorized human intervention; incomplete or inaccurate capture of entry information (regardless of cause); failed (undelivered), incomplete, garbled, jumbled or delayed transmissions; any other matter that may limit or restrict your ability to send a message; any injury or damage to your or any other person's wireless (cellular) device relating to, or resulting from, participation in the Mobile Messages Program.
Indemnity: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Windsor, its directors, officers, employees, servants, agents, representatives, independent contractors and affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, actions, causes of action, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), judgments or penalties of any kind or nature whatsoever arising from your use or receipt of Windsor text messages.
No Warranties: The Released Parties make no warranties, and hereby disclaim any and all warranties, express or implied, concerning any offer furnished by third parties in connection with this Initiative. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE MOBILE MESSAGES PROGRAM AND ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THE RELEASED PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Governing law: These Terms and Conditions shall be bound by the laws of the State of California, and any arbitration or judicial proceedings to enforce or interpret these Terms and Conditions hereof may be brought only in the State of California.
Privacy Policy: You can view our privacy policy by clicking here: https://www.windsorstore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Third Party Integrated Solutions
In addition to the third-party service providers discussed elsewhere in this policy, Windsor uses carefully selected third-party solution providers on its website to offer specific functionality that help improve the shopping experience for its customers. As a result, there are occasions where the Site must share customer information with one or more of those providers in order for their software to function as expected and provide our customers with the expected benefit. In addition to the third-party payment and email opt-in services which are made available through the site, Windsor currently uses the third-party providers listed below, each of which has access to some customer information as described. The companies listed have committed to Windsor to adhere to our Customer Information Policy and, in some cases, have also listed a link to their own company policy.
MyBuys:
Windsor uses MyBuys to collect information regarding consumer preferences related to Windsors' products and the Site in order to merchandise the Site effectively and make product recommendations to the Site's customers. MyBuys may use cookies and transparent GIF files to collect information on the Windsors website as part of the service. Consumers may review MyBuys' privacy policy at http://www.mybuys.com/privacy.html.
International Checkout:
Windsor allows international shoppers to obtain our products through the use of International Checkout. When a customer on the Site chooses the International Checkout option, the products in the Site's shopping cart are transferred to an International Checkout cart. The transaction then takes place completely on the InternationalCheckout.com website.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27, allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either info@windsorstore.com or Windsor: Attn: Internet Dept., 4533 Pacific Blvd., Vernon, CA 90058 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty days of receipt.
Use Of Cookies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a piece of information that is sent to your computer's hard drive to help our site recognize you when you return to our Site. Cookies are used as a standard practice by many sites. An example of how we use this function could be if you started to place items in your shopping cart, but then for some reason had to leave our Site or shut off your computer. When you return to our Site, the cookie would enable our Site to recognize that you have returned and all the items you placed in your cart during an earlier session would still be in your shopping cart.
Windsor uses cookies to determine the number of people that come to our site. Windsor also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting in conjunction with cookies. It is important for us to understand who our customer is and the number of new customers using our site. This helps us better serve you, the customer. When your computer accepts the cookie, we are able to record that session as a new visitor to our Site.
As important as cookies are to our Site, we understand that this might make you uncomfortable. If you would prefer to not accept cookies from ours or any other Site, you can modify the setting on your specific web browser to not accept them. Please refer to your browser's online help feature or the user's manual for instructions on how to do this.
Use Of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you get on to the internet. Your computer's IP address is used by our Site for administration purposes and to report aggregate traffic information to our affiliates and advertisers. Our Site does not tie personal information to an IP address.
Security
While no online transaction is 100% secure, Windsor strives to protect your personal information to the best of our ability. All orders submitted use the Secure Checkout feature on our Site. This feature uses the industry standard, SSL secure socket layer encryption to protect any personal information including your credit card number.
Site Contents
Except for brand names and trademarks of third-party vendors of merchandise featured on the Site, or unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of this Site collectively, the "Contents" are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Windsor Inc. the "Company". The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by the Company. Windsor and all related trademarks appearing at this Site are trademarks of the Company.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of, any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce except as noted above, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
User Comments, Feedback, Postcards And Other Submissions
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to the Company on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site collectively, "Comments" shall be and remain the Company's property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to the Company of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, the Company will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. The Company is and shall be under no obligation 1 to maintain any Comments in confidence; 2 to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or 3 to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
Certain features of this website, including but not limited to the product reviews feature, are provided by third parties and may involve the access and use of third party websites, which are governed by their own terms and conditions and their own privacy policies. In such cases, the terms and conditions and privacy policies applicable to those sites, rather than the terms and conditions and privacy policies applicable to this Site, will control.
You agree that the Company may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity.
Product Information
The products displayed at the Site are available in select Windsor stores in the United States while supplies last. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links To Other Web Sites And Services
This Site may contain links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which the Company does not control. Any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. The privacy policy, terms of use and other conditions of access specified on or applicable to any third party site will govern access and use of such site, the site owner's use of information obtained from users, etc.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Miscellaneous
This Site is controlled and operated by the Company from its offices in Vernon, California. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of California, County of Los Angeles.
Termination
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or the Company. Either of us may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice. REMEMBER -- IF YOU REGISTER WITH THE SITE, SIGN UP FOR FREE E-MAIL, PURCHASE SOMETHING FROM WINDOR, OR ENTER ANY OF OUR CONTESTS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO CHECK IT OUT FROM TIME TO TIME.
Privacy Policy
Windsor Fashions is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our Site. Windsor Fashions also recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the Windsor Fashions site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, birth date, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to Windsor Fashions for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or download material "Personal Information". If you choose to provide Windsor Fashions with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our site and services more enjoyable. Windsor Fashions uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the site.
In order to comply with anti-spam standards, we collect IP addresses for all contact from submittals. Windsor Fashions may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes.
There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. Some Windsor Fashions pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Windsor Fashions may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. Windsor Fashions may also aggregate such information and make it available to others as part of its business; however, Windsor Fashions will not identify you when providing such information. If you choose not to have your Personal information used as a basis for further contact with Windsor Fashions or one of its business partners, you may "opt out." If you choose not to give us your Personal information, you can still use most of this site. You merely will not be able to access areas that require registration. We occasionally provide your name and postal address but not your email address to a select group of companies whose products you may find of interest. If you do not want us to share this information with these companies, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please contact us for more information. Windsor Fashions reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities.
Security Policy
Shopping on windsorstore.com is safe because we use highly advanced technology to make sure your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using Secure Sockets Layer SSL technology. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock depending on your browser, then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection.
User Submissions
When you transmit, upload, post, e-mail or otherwise make available data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, images, videos, messages or other materials (“User Submission“) on or to Windsor's website wwww.windsorestore.com or any other website or a social media platform owned or operated or sponsored by Windsor, you are entirely responsible for such User Submission.
By using Windsor's hashtags such as #yesWindsor, #windsor, #windsorstore, #windsorprom, and other hashtags involving the brand name "Windsor" or tagging Windsor on a public social media post or/and by submitting content to Windsor through Windsor's website, you automatically grant Windsor Fashions, LLC and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Windsor Fashions, LLC an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, telecast, copy, perform, display, reproduce, edit, distribute, copy, edit, change, modify, add to, subtract from and otherwise exploit the User  Submissions, or any portion thereof, in any manner (including without limitation promotional and advertising purposes) and in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such User Submissions, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing without any compensation to you or to any third party.
If you make a User Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your User Submission. By making a User Submission, you hereby warrant that your User Submission is your original creation, has not been copied, recreated, reproduced, previously published, derived from or otherwise taken in whole or in part from any other work and the User Submission does not infringe the intellectual property, privacy or publicity rights or any other legal or moral rights of any third party, or violate applicable laws or regulations. You also warrant and represent that each person in the Submission has given their written permission and consent to be included in the Submission and displayed publicly on Windsor's Website and other Windsor's social media sites and marketing materials and advertising and that you shall furnish such permission and consents promptly to Windsor upon request.
You agree not make any User Submission that is inappropriate, indecent, obscene, hateful, tortious, defamatory, disparaging of Windsor or any other brand or individual, or that promotes discrimination on the basis of race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
You agree to be bound by the Windsor's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy, which are herein incorporated by reference.
You agree to indemnify Windsor and its affiliates for all claims arising from or in connection with any claims to any rights in any User Submission or any damages arising from any User Submission. You further agree to indemnify and hold Windsor, its officers, directors, and employees (collectively the “Releases“) harmless from any and all claims by any third party against any of the Releases (and related damages, expenses, costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, liabilities, verdicts, judgments and settlements) arising out of use of a User Submission or any breach of your representations herein, including but not limited to claims of infringement or violation of trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, or rights of privacy. Upon submission of User Submission you hereby release Windsor and Releases from, and irrevocably waive, any and all claims that Windsor use of your User Submission with or without your name, including but not limited to use on Windsor's website, infringes or violates your rights in your User Submission or any work or material contained in your User Submission.
Windsor may use, display, reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works from, combine with other materials, alter and/or edit your User Submissions in any manner in its sole discretion, with no obligation to you whatsoever. You acknowledge and agree that Windsor has no obligation to compensate you for use of your User Submissions. You grant Windsor the right to use your username, real name, image, likeness, caption, location or other identifying information in connection with any use of your User Submissions. Please note that any User Submission posted to any Windsor's website or tagged with Windsor's hashtag may be used by Windsor for commercial purposes and may be copied or exported from any of the Windsor controlled websites or social medial pages and platforms and published elsewhere on the internet, including on any social media sites, or otherwise so please exercise discretion in deciding what to post on Windsor's website or using Windsor's hashtags.
Windsor does not endorse or control the User Submissions transmitted or posted on the Windsor's website and therefore, Windsor does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of User Submissions. You understand that by using this, or any other of the Windsor's websites or social media pages, you may be exposed to User Submission that is offensive, indecent or objectionable to you. Under no circumstances will Windsor be liable in any way for any User Submission, including, without limitation, for any errors or omissions in any User Submission, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred by you as a result of the use of any User Submission transmitted, uploaded, posted, e-mailed or otherwise made available via the Windsor's website or social media.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER WINDSOR NOR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES IS LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE WINDSOR WEBSITE OR SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES EVEN IF WINDSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE WINDSOR'S WEB SITE OR SOCIAL MEDIA PAGES IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS“ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
SIGN UP & GET 15% OFFPlus get VIP early access to promos, exclusive offers and our weekly style newsletter!
YES! I WOULD LIKE TO RECEIVE WINDSOR NEWSLETTERS WITH SPECIAL OFFERS, FASHION TRENDS, AND SNEAK PEAKS. I CONFIRM THAT I HAVE READ, CONSENT, AND AGREE TO WINDSOR'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY, AND I AM OF LEGAL AGE TO CONSENT.*
YOU'RE ON THE LIST!
Check your email for your exclusive 15% discount code
SHOP NEW ARRIVALS
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Snapchat
Tumblr
YouTube
Windsorstore.com Customer Service
Phone: (888) 494-6376Mon - Fri 7:00am - 4:00pm (PST)Customer Service FAQ
©2020 Windsor. Inc - All Rights Reserved
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 ComplianceCalifornia Prop 65: This business may sell products with chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. California Health and Safety code 25249.5 st seq.
Quick Links
Find a Store
Gift Cards
Lookbook
VIP Rewards
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Act
Terms & Conditions
Company
Our Story
Careers
Blog
Affiliate
Press Inquiries
Ambassadors
Accessibility Statement
Support
Order Status
Returns
Shipping
International
Payment Methods
Customer Service
Contact Us
Windsorstore.com Customer Service
Phone: (888) 494-6376Mon - Fri 7:00am - 4:00pm (PST)Customer Service FAQ
©2020 Windsor. Inc - All Rights Reserved
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 ComplianceCalifornia Prop 65: This business may sell products with chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. California Health and Safety code 25249.5 st seq.
Top