http://www.themagiczoo.com/security-policy/
Home
Security Policy
Security Policy
100% SECURE SHOPPING GUARANTEE AT THE MAGIC ZOO
We know that shopping on the internet makes some people nervous. Today with technological improvements in secure servers shopping at the Magic Zoo is just as secure as paying by credit card in retail stores around town or giving your card number to a company by phone. We want you to feel as relaxed shopping at The Magic Zoo as you do anywhere else you use your credit card. Therefore, The Magic Zoo website is hosted with Big Commerce, one of the leading companies in the digital trust services field for securing all credit card transactions on our website. They have been handling credit cards Internet transactions securely since 2009.
Your credit card information given on The Magic Zoo website is safely encrypted and protected using a dedicated SSL certificate high level security system. It was designed to ensure total privacy for customers while connected to the Internet. We feel that your credit card use at The Magic Zoo is guaranteed to be absolutely safe.
The Magic Zoo is also now a member of the Better Business Bureau, a national organization whose members first must show that they are legitimate businesses and who agree to follow the Better Business Bureau procedures for handling any customer complaints. The history of each business is available for anyone to view on their websites. You will see the BBB logo on our website as a further commitment to earning the trust of our customers.
The Magic Zoo wholeheartedly respects your privacy. The sole owner of all personal information collected at this site is The Magic Zoo, and The Magic Zoo will NEVER rent or sell your personal information to any third party. The information collected and stored by The Magic Zoo includes your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We never see or store your credit card information.
×
OK
Join The Magic Zoo Club!
Be the first to hear about Merry's latest designs and special offers.
Email Address