http://www.markelfinearts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Kathryn Markel Fine Arts
About This Policy
This policy describes how Kathryn Markel Fine Arts uses information it collects on the websites where this policy is posted. It also applies to outreach, informational, and marketing emails we send.  Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party. We will not sell, share, or rent any personal information which you provide us with to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Gallery will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products and will always be sent with an option to immediately cancel any further communications.
How do we collect information from you?
You may provide us with information by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, or online. This includes information you provide when you use our website, inquire about, or purchase an artwork or publication, attend an exhibition or gallery event, or register for the gallery newsletter.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, phone number, and financial information.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to: process a purchase that you have made; carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us; send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
What Are Cookies and Do We Use Them? Markelfinearts.com uses cookies to hold information our site may need to interact with you. A "cookie" is a small file stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to recognize who you are when you arrive at our site by associating the anonymous identification numbers in the cookie with other information you as a customer have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. At no time is your personally identifiable information (name, street address, and credit card number) stored within one of our cookies.
How long do we keep your information?
We access, retain, store and use information for the least amount of time necessary pursuant to our relationship with you (e.g. to provide you with or access to our services), in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable law. We do not collect more personal information than is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you or at law or for purposes stated in this policy.
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020 Markel Fine Arts
Site by Artlogic
Facebook, opens in a new tab.Twitter, opens in a new tab.Pinterest, opens in a new tab.Instagram, opens in a new tab.Join the mailing listSend an emailView on Google Maps
We use cookies, a small text file containing information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk,  for record-keeping purposes.  This allows us to track visits to our website only.  We store no personal details.
Accept