https://www.coach.com/privacy.html
ship to
United States
ship to
United States, $USD Canada, $CAD
ship to
United States, $USD
Canada, $CAD
LANGUAGE:
en
en
DIGITAL-PRINT SELECT STYLES FOR FREE WITH CODE PRINTME, NOW THROUGH 12/11. START CUSTOMIZING
NEW WAYS TO GIFT (AND GET): OUR STORES NOW OFFER PRIVATE AND VIRTUAL SHOPPING APPOINTMENTS, PICKUP SERVICES, AND CONTACTLESS PAY.
LEARN MORE
FREE SHIPPING & EXTENDED RETURNS ON ALL ORDERS. LEARN MORE
Find A Store
Skip to main content
Click here to open the navigation Back Search
Close
Mini Cart
Nice! The
has been added to your wishlist.
View
has been removed from the cart
Stores & Sites Security & Privacy
Security & Privacy
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Contents
1.
What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
2.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
3.
With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?
4.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
5.
What Are Your Choices and Rights?
6.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
7.
How Can You Contact Us?
8.
How Do We Use Cookies?
9.
Supplemental California Privacy Policy
We, Tapestry Inc., are part of the Tapestry Inc. brands which include
COACH, kate spade, and STUART WEITZMAN. In this Privacy Notice, we describe how
we use personal information that we collect from you if you are in the U.S. and
you:
Access or use our website at www.coach.com or any
other website, application or online service that we operate which includes a
link to this Privacy Notice;
Sign up in any of our stores for any of our
online services; or
Contact us for customer service.
If you are a resident of California, please also see our Supplemental
California Privacy Policy at Section 9 of this Privacy Notice below.
1. What
Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Actively Submit: If you buy our products online, register for
an online account with us, use the “wish list” features of our online services,
sign up for updates and marketing communications from us, participate in our sweepstakes or surveys, request specific
product customizations from us, submit a product review on our website, contact
us for customer service, or otherwise interact with us via our online services,
we may collect personal information about you, including the following:
Contact
Data, which may include your name, alias, username, postal address, email
address and telephone number;
Order
information and Account Data, which may include your Contact Data, payment
card information, billing address, birth day and month, gender, nationality,
and the details of the products or services you have ordered, purchased or
requested from us;
“Wish
List” Data, which may include your Contact Data and the products or services you
are interested in;
Giveaways
or Sweepstakes Data, which may include your Contact Data and the
details of the giveaway or sweepstakes you have voluntarily entered;
Social
Media Data, which may include your social media interactions with us (e.g., if
you “like” or “share” or “comment” on something you see on our social media
platforms) and any information you actively provide to us for social media
marketing purposes; and
Correspondence
Data, which you voluntarily provide to us when making inquiries to
customer care, comments on our social media, product reviews on our site, survey
feedback, interests if you choose to participate in our clienteling program,
and any other information you actively provide to us.
Information Passively Submitted on our Online
Services: When you use our online services, we collect information from or about
the computer, phone or other device on which you have installed, or from which
you access, our online services, and information about your usage of our online
services, including the following:
Technical
Data, which includes your IP address, browser type and version, device
identifier, location and time zone setting, network and/or service provider,
operating system and platform, page response times, and download errors;
Online
Usage and Interaction Data, which includes the websites you visited
before and after visiting our website, products you viewed or searched for on
our online services, length of visits to certain online pages, online page
interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouseovers), methods used
to browse away from online pages, your interactions with our marketing emails
(such as whether and when you opened an email from us, and whether you clicked
a link in the email or forwarded the email), and your interactions with our
online ads.
Cookies and Related Technologies: We and
our business partners may use cookies and other similar technologies such as
pixel tags and web beacons to collect certain types of the Technical Data and
Usage Data described above as permitted by applicable law. Cookies and similar
technologies are placed on our site for the following purposes:
Enable basic functioning of our website;
Web analytics to improve our website
(structure, features, accessibility and usability, content, or to fix any
technical issues through gathering relevant technical data);
Enable certain basic functions of online
browsing and shopping with us (for example, save information you generated or
provided on our website such as preferred items, items placed in the cart);
Monitor the effectiveness of our online ads
and marketing (by recording your interactions with our ads on third-party
websites, our social media platforms or our marketing emails); and
Learn more about your preferences and Internet
browsing habits to provide you with tailored web-visit.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we
use, please see our How we use Cookies in section 8 below.
No Children’s Information: Our
online services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do
not knowingly register or otherwise collect personal information from any child
under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of the child's parent
or guardian.
2. How
Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the following categories of personal information
for the following purposes:
Contact Data to
communicate with you, including about products and services you have ordered,
or to send you updates about our products, services, or campaigns that may be
of interest; or when you voluntarily enter to win a contest, sweepstakes or
giveaway.
Order
Information and Account Data to create and manage your account on our website
(for example to enable you to access, update and save your preferences to the account);
fulfill your orders, including product customization requests.
Wish List
Data to
provide you with the “wish list” features of our online services, which allow
you to identify and save products that you are interested in.
Social Media
Data to interact with you through our social media platforms; and administer social
media marketing initiatives or social media advertising campaigns.
Correspondence
Data to
respond to any specific queries you may have when you contact customer care, to
understand your preferences so that we can provide you with updates about our
products, events, or services that may be of interest, provide you with a more
tailored shopping experience when you opt in to our clienteling program in our
stores, to administer sweepstakes and giveaways, or to improve our product offerings
and customer experience based on your responses to a survey or product review.
Technical
Data and Online Usage and Interaction Data to provide, maintain, monitor, secure,
debug, personalize and optimize our online services to and for you; provide you
with customer service and technical assistance for example when you use our chat
function; and to generally develop and improve our products and services. We also
use technical data that is automatically collected by cookies and related
technologies to understand the effectiveness of our ads and social media
campaigns.
We
also use your personal information for the following purposes (collectively,
the “General Processing Purposes”),
as permitted by applicable law:
Advertising and Marketing Activities: To provide you with marketing communications, updates
on special offers or promotions, products and services that we believe you may
be interested in, or to administer and let you know about our sweepstakes and
giveaways. We may tailor the content of those communications based on our
understanding of your preferences.
Compliance with Laws: To perform activities
necessary to ensure compliance with applicable national, state, provincial and
other applicable laws, and to respond to requests from government authorities.
Performance of Contracts: To perform our obligations and exercise our rights
under our Terms of Use or any other agreement that you enter with us.
Protection of Legal Interests: To protect our legal interests, such as in the event
of a complaint or dispute.
Advertising and Marketing Activities: To provide you with marketing communications, and
updates on special offers, campaigns, products and services that we believe you
may be interested in, and tailor the content of those communications based on
our understanding of your preferences.
Research and Development: To perform research and undertake surveys to
understand preferences about our products and customer experience, to improve product
design and product testing;
Merger or Sale: In the event that we, or
some or all of our assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity
or in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control,
we may transfer some or all of the personal information that we have collected
about you to another organization as part of that transaction. If we intend to
transfer your personal information in connection with such a transaction, we
may proceed with notice to you, grant you an opportunity to object, or seek
your consent, as permitted or required by applicable law.
3. With
Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?
We may share your personal information with the following types of
third parties as permitted by applicable law:
Our
service providers and business partners: We rely on affiliated
and unaffiliated companies, agents and contractors to assist us with the
provision of Tapestry services and products to you, including:
Online payment and fraud prevention service
providers when you make a purchase;
Delivery / logistics service providers, to
deliver products you have purchased;
customer care services
Infrastructure and IT service providers,
including cloud service providers to administer our website and your account if
you register with us;
Marketing, advertising and communications
agencies to send you information about products and services that may be of
interest to you;
Providers of services related to some enhanced
online features such as customer review;
Advertising companies who help us understand the
effectiveness of our ads and traffic on our site;
Providers of website testing / analytics
services; or
External auditors and advisers;
We
provide our service providers and business partners with access to your
personal information so that they may provide services to us, subject to
non-disclosure agreements and other data protection safeguards.
Third
parties permitted or required by law: In certain circumstances, we may be required
to disclose or share your personal information to comply with a legal or
regulatory obligation. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information
to regulators, government agencies or to judicial or administrative
authorities. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties
where disclosure is both legally permissible and necessary to protect or defend
our rights, for law enforcement purposes, or to enforce our contracts or
protect your rights.
Third
parties connected with business transfers: We may transfer your
personal information to third parties in connection with a reorganization,
restructuring, merger, acquisition or transfer of assets, provided that the
receiving party agrees to treat your personal information in a manner
consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Please note our online services may contain links to and from the
websites of our partners or affiliates that are not owned or operated by us. If
you follow a link to any of these websites, please review the privacy policies
of third party websites before you submit any personal information to them. We
are not responsible for any privacy or security policies of these third party
sites.
4. How
Do we Protect Your Personal Information?
We have implemented technical and organizational security measures
intended to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control. Such
measures include, for example, limiting access to personal information only to
employees and authorized service providers who need to know such information
for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as well as other administrative,
technical and physical safeguards.
For example, when you place an order on www.coach.com, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
technology, an encryption tool that provides security while transmitting
information over the Internet. We also use firewall technology, password
controls, and other technological and procedural safeguards in respect of your
online interactions with us.
While we endeavor to protect our systems, sites, operations and
information against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure, due
to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle
and other risk factors, we cannot guarantee that any information, during
transmission or while stored on our systems, will be absolutely safe from
intrusion by others.
5. What
Are Your Choices and Rights?
Unsubscribe. You may
unsubscribe from our marketing emails or SMS communications. To unsubscribe
from email marketing, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any
email that you receive or email us at privacy@tapestry.com. To
unsubscribe from SMS communications, follow the instructions in the message. Please
note that if you have already requested products or services when you decide to
withdraw consent, there may be a short period of time for us to update your
preferences and ensure that we honor your request.
Update, Modify or Correct Your Information. We
encourage you to contact us to update or correct your personal information if
it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about
you is inaccurate. We may
request information from you to honor your request, such as to ensure proper
authentication or to verify the business branch of ours to which the
information was provided.
Rights
under Applicable Privacy Laws. You
may have rights under applicable privacy laws, including to access or erase
certain personal information that we have about you, or restrict or object to
certain activities in which we engage with respect to your personal
information. To submit a request to exercise any such rights, please contact us
using the details in Section 7 below. If you are a resident of California,
please also see our Supplemental California Privacy Policy at Section 8 below.
6. Changes
to This Privacy Notice
We may change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice
at any time, in which case we will provide individuals with notice of such
updates where required by applicable law and then upload the updated Privacy
Notice to our website www.coach.com. You
should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our
online services or any of the other services described in this Privacy Notice
following the posting of changes to this Privacy Notice will be considered your
consent to those changes.
7. How
Can You Contact Us?
To exercise any of your privacy rights, or if you have any questions
or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice or the data processing practices
outlined herein, please contact us as follows:
by email: privacy@tapestry.com
by phone:
Customer
Care
1-800-444-3611
or 904-367-7555
M-F 8
am - 11 pm EST
Sat 9
am - 7 pm EST
Sun 11
am - 7 pm EST
by post: Coach Privacy Office; 10 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
8. How do we use Cookies?
In this Cookie Notice, we, Tapestry, Inc., explain how we use cookies
and similar digital tracking technologies on our website and other online
services.
Like many other organizations, we use cookies or similar digital
tracking technologies on our website for a number of purposes as set out below.
Cookies (or other similar technologies) can be placed on our website by us or
by third-party partners we engage for our purposes.
Third-party cookies may also be deployed on our behalf on third-party
websites (e.g. to measure the effectiveness of ads). We respect applicable law
about cookies. In particular, we use cookies only with your authorization where
this is required by applicable law. In any case, you may opt-out from cookies
at any time by changing your browser settings accordingly. However, as a
consequence of your opt-out, certain functions, portions or features of our
website may cease working or may prevent you from fully benefiting of our
online services.
A. Categories of cookiesSome
cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as
session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete
them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies and these types
enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor. The main
categories of cookies we use include:
Strictly necessary cookies: These
cookies are essential in order to enable you to move
around the website and use its features, and
ensuring the security of your online
transactions with us and online access to
our website. Without these cookies, services
you have asked for, such as completing a
transaction, cannot be provided. These
cookies don’t gather information about you
for the purposes of marketing.
Performance cookies: These
cookies allow us to count the number of visitors and
collect information about how visitors use a
web site, for instance which pages visitors
go to most often, and if they get error
messages from web pages. These cookies don’t
collect information that identifies a
visitor although they may collect the IP address of
the
device used to access the site. All information these cookies collect is
anonymous and is only used
to improve how a website works and the user experience. By using our websites
you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device, however you
can block these cookies using your browser settings (please see "How to
manage your cookies" section below).
Functionality cookies: These
cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our
website and allows the website to remember
choices you make (such as your user
name). They may also be used to provide
services you have requested such as
watching a video. The information these
cookies collect is anonymized (i.e. it does not
contain your name, address, account details,
etc.) and they do not track your browsing
activity across other websites. By using our
websites you agree that we can place
these types of cookies on your device,
however you can block these cookies using your
browser settings (please see "How to
manage your cookies" section below).
First and third party cookies: Whether
a cookie is a first or third party cookie depends
on which website the cookie comes from.
First party cookies are those set by or on
behalf of the website visited. All other
cookies are third party cookies.
Targeting/Marketing
cookies: These cookies make marketing messages more relevant to you. We
or a third party advertising network may collect information relating to your
browsing history and interests to tailor relevant advertising to you. The
advertisement network partner may use marketing cookies to collect usage,
navigational or other statistical data about your activities on our websites
and mobile applications to provide you targeted advertising based upon your
interests, limit the number of times you see the same advertisement on our
websites or mobile applications and to help measure the effectiveness of
advertising campaigns.
Personalization cookies: Cookies may
also be used on our website to personalize your
shopping experience and enable you to use
certain function (such as “add to wishlist”
or “save”), to deliver ads which might be
relevant to you, or for us to conduct internal
testing on what works best for our
customers.
To
find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set
and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively,
you can search the Internet for other independent information on cookies.
B. Purposes of use of cookiesWe use
cookies for the following purposes:
Enable basic functioning of our website or to fix any technical issue through
gathering relevant technical data;
Web
analytics to improve our website (structure, features, accessibility and
usability,
content) or to fix any technical issue
through gathering relevant technical data;
Enable
certain basic functions of online browsing and shopping with us (for example,
save information you generated or provided
on our website such as preferred items,
items placed in the cart, billing address to
save time and effort when you next return
to our website or shop with us);
Monitor the effectiveness of our online ads and marketing (by recording your
interactions with our ads on third-party
websites, our social media platforms or our
marketing emails);
Learn more about your preferences and Internet browsing tastes to provide you
with
tailored advertising (you certainly don't
want to hear from us about something you are
not interested in).
C. How to manage your cookies?The
browsers of most computers, smartphones and other web-enabled devices are
typically set up to accept cookies. If you wish to amend your cookie
preferences for this website or any other websites, you can do this through
your browser settings. Your browser’s ‘help’ function will tell you how to do
this. If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to
manually delete your cookies at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html, but please
visit the links below to opt-out of marketing cookies from over 50+ major third
party behavioral advertising providers:
Network Advertising Initiative: www.NetworkAdvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance: www.aboutads.info/choices/
Please
remember that cookies are often used to enable and improve certain functions on
our website. If you choose to switch certain cookies off, it may affect the user
experience.
9. Supplemental
California Privacy Policy
In this Supplemental
California Privacy Policy, we, Tapestry, Inc., disclose information about our
data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of
2018 (“CCPA”) and California law.
This Supplemental California Privacy Policy is effective January 1, 2020.
A.
Who and what information is subject to the CCPA?The CCPA protects California residents
as “consumers” with respect to their personal information, although a number of
exceptions apply. As a result, the Supplemental CCPA Disclosures and relevant CCPA
Rights subsections below may not apply when they restrict our ability to comply
with a court order or regulator with competent authority, federal, state or
local laws, and cooperation with law enforcement, exercise of our legal claims,
or collection or use of de-identified information.
B. Supplemental CCPA DisclosuresWe have
set out below the categories of personal information we have collected about
California residents in the preceding 12 months and describe, for each category
of personal information collected, the business or commercial purposes for
which the information was collected. Each of the categories of personal
information listed in the table are collected directly from consumers. Each of
the categories of personal information in the table may also be shared with the
following categories of third parties: (i) our Service providers and business
partners, including those listed at Section 3 above, (ii) Government entities
as required by applicable law, (iii) other recipients at your discretion or
with your consent, or (iv) Third parties in the event of a proposed or actual
business transaction involving all or any portion of our business.
Additional information about sales of information can
be found below the table.
Category of personal information:
We collected such personal information for the
following purposes:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique
personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email
address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
We may use this information for any of the purposes described in
Section 2 above.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of
Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, including name, signature,
address, telephone number, and credit card number, debit
card number, or any other financial information.
We use this information to process payment, fulfil your order, or
process a return.
Characteristics of
protected classifications under California or federal law; namely, gender and
age.
We use this information to better understand our clientele for example
when joining our clienteling program.
Commercial information, including records of personal property,
products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing
or consuming histories or tendencies.
We use this information to fulfil your order, manage consumers’ online
account with us, personalize and optimize consumers’ shopping experience with
us (for example,
letting you know when a favorite product is back in stock, recording certain
information from past purchases which can be used in future purchases such as
preferred address and favorite store locations), provide consumers with
customer care, and customize a product per a consumer’s specific request.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including,
but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information
regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or
advertisement.
We may use this information for any of the purposes described in
Section 2 above.
Geolocation data.
We may use this information to enable consumers to view nearby stores.
Audio, electronic,
visual, or similar information.
We use audio, visual or similar information that you may voluntarily
provide in connection with customer care inquiries or when you engage with
our social media initiatives.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this
subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s
preferences, characteristics and attitudes.
We use such information to personalize and optimize consumers’
shopping experience with us, enable consumers to use our “wish list” features
online, tailor our marketing efforts, and develop and improve our products
and services.
Over the past 12 months, we also used
the categories of personal information listed above as necessary to fulfil the
General Processing Purposes described in Section 2 of this Notice above.
During the past 12 months, we shared certain
categories of personal information about California residents with third
parties and business partners in a manner that may constitute a “sale” under
the CCPA, as described below:
Online Promotions and Advertising: We work with one or more third
parties to (i) administer and analyze effectiveness of advertising or
promotional campaigns. These third parties may place cookies on individuals’
computers to receive information about traffic to our site, browsing and
purchasing activity on our online services, and (ii) From time to time third
parties may help us to provide a more tailored user experience. These third
parties may collect information about individuals’ internet or other similar
network activity and browsing patterns, IP address, page interaction (such as
scrolling, clicks and mouseovers), and information obtained via cookies with
these third parties (such as the site visited before or after), and may retain
rights to use some of this information for their own purposes.
C.
CCPA RightsCalifornia residents have the
following rights:
Right to Opt-out of Sale: California residents have the right
to opt-out of our “sales” of their personal information. To exercise this
right, please email us at privacy@tapestry.com with
“California Request to Opt-Out” in the subject line, or use the contact details
in Section 7 of this Privacy Notice above.
To
opt out from the sale of your personal information collected by targeting cookies,
update your cookie preferences by clicking the “Manage Cookies” link below,
and toggle the button from “active” to “inactive”. Please note that when you
opt out of targeting cookies, you may see less relevant ads on other sites.
MANAGE COOKIES
Right
to Know: California
residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information
we collect, use, disclose and sell about them specifically. To submit a request
to exercise this right to know, please email us at privacy@tapestry.com with
“California Request to Know”,
or use the contact details in Section 7 of this Privacy Notice above. Please specify in your request
the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal
information you would like to access.
Right to Delete: California residents have the right
to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain
about them. To submit a request to delete personal information, please email us
at privacy@tapestry.com with “California Request to Delete”
in the subject line, or use the contact details in Section 7 of this Privacy
Notice above. Please
specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like
to have deleted, which can be all of your personal information as required by
the CCPA.
Right Not to be Discriminated Against: You may not be
discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in
violation of Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.125.
Financial Incentives: From time to time we offer consumers who provide their
email address, phone number and/or zip code to us for the purposes of receiving
our marketing communications free shipping, or sometimes a discount on an order.
Consumers may opt in by entering their information when prompted upon first
visiting our website. Consumers may opt out of marketing communications at any
time by following the instructions in such communications. Consumers may also
exercise their rights at any time by emailing privacy@tapestry.com. The
financial incentive is permitted under the CCPA because it is not
discriminatory in nature—it does not deny consumers their rights under the CCPA
or discriminate against consumers who may have exercised their rights under the
CCPA.
If you
submit a request to exercise your CCPA rights, we may ask that you provide
certain information to verify your identity. If you have a password-protected
account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing
authentication practices for your account. The information that we ask you to
provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us
and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to
your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will
explain why.
You can
designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf
if:
The authorized
agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of
State of California; and
You sign a
written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your
behalf.
If you
use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know,
right to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information, or your right to
request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in
addition to the steps described earlier:
Mail a certified
copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on
your behalf to Coach Privacy Office; 10 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001; and
Provide any
information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity.
The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend
on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal
information at issue.
If you
provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to California
Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these
steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in
accordance with the CCPA.
D. Shine the Light Law California
residents are entitled once per year to request and obtain certain information
regarding our disclosure, if any, of your personally identifiable information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior
calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@tapestry.com with
your full name, email address, and postal address in your message. In response
to your request, we will provide you with a notice describing the cost-free
means to opt-out of our sharing your personally identifiable information with
third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name, if the third party
will use it for their direct marketing purposes.
Stores & Sites
Store Locator
International Sites
Security & Privacy
Terms of Use
Brand Protection
California Transparency Act & UK Modern Slavery Act Statement
Item successfully added to bag
Checkout
View Shopping Bag
close
Popular Products
Popular Searches
tabby
backpack
parker
cassie
rexy