http://www.californiareds.com/privacy.html
View Cart
Privacy
At California Reds, protecting your privacy is extremely important to us. Our firm commitment to protecting your personal information is outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Our company contact information:
California Reds
Tel: 800-948-3903
Email: privacy@californiareds.com
What Information Do We Collect?
We may collect aggregate information on what pages our visitors access, user-specific information on what pages our visitors access, and information volunteered by our visitors (such as survey information, site registrations, and/or purchase information).
Our Web server may automatically recognize the domain name of each visitor to our Web site (when possible).
Supplemental information:
We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that is received from third parties.
Our use of your information:
The information we collect may be used to improve the content of our Web site(s), used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, and/or used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you supply us with your telephone number on-line you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. You may also receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. If you do not wish to receive such telephone contact, please notify us by contacting us at the above email address or telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. You may also receive mailings from other reputable companies. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please notify us by contacting us at the above email address or telephone number.
Our use of cookies:
We may use cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record session information (such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart), to customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends, and to alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site
Your acceptance of this privacy policy:
By using this site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, change or remove portions from this policy at any time.
If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. You may prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by notifying us at the above email address or telephone number.   If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back periodically at our Web site.
Corrections to your information:
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above email address or phone number.
We will provide, upon request, site visitors with a description of information that we may maintain about them. You may review for accuracy and update any personal information we have about you.
$44.95/month & FREE Shipping!
$49.95/month & FREE Shipping!
$94.95/month & FREE Shipping!
What Our Customers Are Saying:
"It's been a long time since I found a company worthy of telling my friends about - but California Reds is exactly that. You have exceeded my expectations in every way."
- Mr. H. Henley
"My parents are ecstatic about the wine club! Now if only I can get them to buy me a wine gift."
- Mr. T. Baker
"OK. I admit it. I'm a hard-to-please customer. But I'm happy to say that you've made me very happy. Your superior customer service, combined with your incredible monthly selections, has made me a customer for life!"
- Mrs. B. Harrison
How Our Clubs Work:
You place your order online
or call us at 1-800-948-3903
You choose the month
we begin shipping
We send a beautiful gift
announcement (to you orto
your recipient)
We deliver your gift every month!
Join our Mailing List to Receive Exclusive Savings & Wine Info:
FAQ | Past Shipments | Winemaker Interviews | Wine Advice | Contact Us | Privacy | Security | Site Map
© 2000-2020, California Reds Wine of the Month Club