http://www.discndatonline.com/privacy-notice.html
Follow me on Facebook and Twitter
Home
Shop Online
FAQ's and Shipping
Disc 'n Dat Disc Golf Events
Local Disc Golf Courses
Picture Gallery - 2014 Ace Race Day Glow
Privacy Notice
Team Disc 'n Dat
Team DND Application
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for  www.therealdiscndat.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 859.371.3668 or via email at discndat@fuse.net