http://www.abbyshot.com/pages/privacy-policy
icon-account
icon-glass
Close menu
Main Menu
All Our Gear
Outlander
See More
All
Claire Fraser
Jamie Fraser
Tartan
Knitted Goods
Coats & Jackets
Accessories
Sale
Contact Us
Shop By Interest
AbbyShot
Doctor Who
Outlander
Firefly
Jay & Silent Bob
Once Upon A Time
My Account
Log in
Create account
"Close Cart"
Currency
USD
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
Connect
info@abbyshot.com
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Privacy Policy
By accessing our site, you are consenting to the terms of our Website Privacy Policy. AbbyShot Clothiers Limited (“AbbyShot”) respects your privacy and does not sell or distribute customer contact information unless required by law.
AbbyShot complies with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, Canada (“PIPEDA”) and the included provisions of the CSA Model Code to protect the personal information of its customers. Personal information includes any information about an identifiable individual, such as name, address, gender, age, ID numbers, etc.
Consent
By providing AbbyShot with your personal information, you consent to its collection, use and disclosure by us in accordance with the terms of this Website Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
Information from you when you place an order or register with us, enter a contest, subscribe to a newsletter, or respond to a communication. We may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, or other information, particularly when you order from us. You may visit our site anonymously without ordering or providing personal information. The information we collect is used for marketing purposes but no sold or provided to anyone outside AbbyShot unless required by law. We limit collection of information to the information necessary to perform the purposes outlined in our Website Privacy Policy.
Like many websites we use website browser cookies, commonly referred to as “cookies” to collect information about visits to our website and who visits our site. If you allow cookies on your web browser, we or our systems can capture and remember certain information, for example, to remember or process items in your shopping cart or your shopping preferences. We also use cookies for remarketing. You can choose to turn off cookies in your browser settings. If your cookies are turned off you may not be able to access some features of our website, but can still place orders online or by telephone.
How do we use the information we collect?
We may use it to deliver content and products that you are most interested in. We use it to serve you better and respond to customer service requests, process your orders if you order from our website, run contests or promotions, send surveys, connect via social media, or e-mail newsletters. We do not use your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected unless we first obtain your consent to do so.
How can I opt-out?
Please let us know if you do not wish to receive correspondence from us by opting out in the footer of our newsletter or through your account preferences. Please note that we may retain information about sales transactions for record keeping and in order to process returns/exchanges and provide service relating to previous transactions.
How do you protect my information?
Your personal information is only accessible by those who need to access it to provide you service and use it in the ways described above. We use a variety of security measures to keep it safe, including secure networks and limited access to your information. We use a third party PayPal and Authorize.net to process online order payments, so we do not directly collect financial or payment information from you.
Who do we disclose your information to?
We limit disclosure of your information to only disclosure as required to in order to comply with the law, to protect our rights or the rights of others, or to enforce our policies. Non-personally identifiable information is viewable by our web hosting provider, Shopify.
How long do we retain your information?
Only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as outlined in this Website Privacy Policy.
Links
We may have third party links on our website. These websites have separate privacy policies so please be aware and review the privacy policy of any other site you visit.
Contact
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or need any other information please contact us at info@abbyshot.com. AbbyShot welcomes your questions, comments and concerns.
Please also review our website Terms of Use which govern your use of our website.