http://www.walltentshop.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Menu
Wall Tent Shop
Veteran Owned
PayPal No Payment & No Interest if paid in full in 6 months
Customer Service Hours:
Mon - Sat 7:30am - 5:30pm PST
Call:
800-234-1150
Email:
support@walltentshop.com
Search
Log in
0 items
View cart
Checkout
Home
Tents
Canvas Tent MONTHLY Specials
Wilderness Canvas Hunting
Tents
Specials, Demos and Blemished
Montana Canvas Tents
Spike Tents
Glamping Tents
Civil War Tents
Pyramid Tents
Tipis
Emergency Preparedness
Gift Certificates
View all Tents >
Glamping
Stoves
Heavy Tent Stoves
Lightweight
Portable Wood Stoves
Non Electric Pellet Stoves
Camping Ovens
View all Stoves >
Frame Kits
Angle Kits To Make Frames
Complete Frame
View all Frame Kits >
Accessories
TENT CAMPING GEAR
TENT STOVE ACCESSORIES
View all Accessories >
Info Guides
Canvas Tent Info Guide
Tent Stove Info Guide
Measure a Tent
Angle Kit Instructions
Pictures & Testimonials
Videos
Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from visitorsIn common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
You may decide whether to proceed with any activity that requests personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the transaction. How the Information is usedThe information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.Visitor OptionsIf you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.CookiesCookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.Google AdsGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
GET IN TOUCH with us
Call Us:
208-882-1791
Toll Free:
800-234-1150
Fax:
208-883-3304
support@walltentshop.com
PROUD TO SERVE YOU
Veteran Owned Federal Contractor
DUNS #:
152032343
3071 West Twin Road Moscow, Idaho 83843
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping
Returns
Blog
Testimonials
Contact Us
©2002 - 2020 Wall Tent Shop. All Rights Reserved.