https://www.janisource.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of JaniSource, LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to JaniSource, LLC. Copyright 2003, JaniSource, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with JaniSource, LLC or purchasing JaniSource, LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with JaniSource, LLC or to purchase JaniSource, LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by JaniSource, LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of JaniSource, LLC used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of JaniSource, LLC.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, JaniSource, LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. JaniSource, LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. JaniSource, LLC does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
JaniSource, LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if JaniSource, LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a JaniSource, LLC product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, JaniSource, LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. JaniSource, LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, JaniSource, LLC shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by JaniSource, LLC without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
JaniSource, LLC may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to JaniSource, LLC.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a JaniSource, LLC or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
JaniSource, LLC does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, JaniSource, LLC is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, JaniSource, LLC reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to JaniSource, LLC in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless JaniSource, LLC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, JaniSource, LLC may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with JaniSource, LLC, JaniSource, LLC has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of JaniSource, LLC. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, JaniSource, LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of JaniSource, LLC products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of JaniSource, LLC products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. JaniSource, LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. JaniSource, LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Back To Top
Shipping Policy
All orders over $99.00 ship FREE to the customers in the Continental US (Lower 48 states). For orders to Alaska, Hawaii, or outside the United States, please contact JaniSource before completing your order. The free shipping offer does not factor in to special order requests or non-stocked items.
Most items are processed for shipment within 24 hours of when the order was placed. Orders that are placed through our website or over the phone are delivered within 1-7 business days with the continental United States.
Back To Top
Return Policy
Here at JaniSource we understand that even with the best of intentions, not everything can go our way. But when something goes wrong, we want to fix it as easy, quick and fair as possible. So, if for any reason you want to return an item, take the following steps:
Step 1- Please notify us right away!
If an order is incorrect, missing an item or damaged, we need to know within 48 hours of receiving the package. Returns will be handled as quickly as possible, but if we don’t know about it, we can’t help. We will not accept returns for a refund beyond 15 days, so no dilly-dallying! Full refunds are only offered on unopened, unused items. Credits or exchanges are on a case by case basis.
After you contact us, we will instruct you on how to receive a refund, credit or exchange. This will usually consist of instructions on how to return the item and how to obtain a Return Authorization code (RA). Items that have been used cannot be returned for a refund. Defective items can be exchanged for the same or similar product within 30 days. While we try to exchange and refund as often as we can, JaniSource reserves the right to refuse a return. In a few select instances, we may charge up to a 20% restocking fee. These items may include but are not limited to equipment, accessories and specialized dispensing units. (We hate to do this and avoid it whenever possible!)
Step 2 – Package your item for return
So, something didn’t go quite right with your order, we will fix that. You already spoke with one of our friendly customer service representatives and they are excited to help remedy this problem. But first, we need the defective or incorrect item back. Pack the items tightly and securely. Whenever possible, use the original packaging. When you go to send the item back, give us a tracking number, it helps both of us keep track of your return.
If requested, we can schedule a pick up using our UPS account to save you some money. We will prepay for shipping and reduce your credit by the appropriate amount. This is often the quickest and easiest way to ensure we receive the item.
Step 3 – Kick back and relax
At this point, we you received an RA, you boxed and shipped the item and modern technology allows us both to track its progress. So there isn’t much more to do but sit back and relax. A glass of wine, a hot cocoa, a bubble bath, all great options.
We issue credit(s) within 3 business days of receiving your product (usually much quicker, but you know how these explanations go). If receiving a refund, we will return the proper amount to the payment method that was used to make the purchase. If receiving an exchange, we will ship out the replacement within 2 business days of receiving the defective merchandise (Some exceptions may apply).
Step 4 – Receive your credit
This is just like Step 3, only better, because now you have your credit or refund or replacement product!
Reminders:
Our number 1 concern is providing a fair resolution to all problems and providing excellent customer service throughout the process.
Notify us right away. The faster we know, the quicker we can help.
Products such as equipment may be subject to a 20% restocking fee.
Defective items will be replaced with the same or similar item.
Items that have been misused or damaged due to neglect will not be issued a refund or exchange.
Customers are responsible for shipping expenses on returns. Upon request, JaniSource can prepay and arrange for UPS pick up your item. Using this option means the shipping cost will be deducted from your issued credit.
JaniSource maintains the right to refuse any return.
Back To Top
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include JaniSource, LLC. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove, or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
×