http://www.ddracing.com/privacypolicy
Can’t Find What You’re Looking For? Please call
(315) 376-8013
Toggle navigation
Toggle Search Bar
Can’t Find What You’re Looking For? Please call
(315) 376-8013
Toggle navigation
Home
The Team
Clutching
Shop Catalogs
Shop Catalogs
Parts Finder
Apparel
Services
Tech Page
Tech Page
Boondocker Specifications
Clutching
Installation Instructions
Dyno Results
Traction
Jetting Specifications
Contact Us
Contact Us
Map & Hours
Events
Classified
Financing
Employment Opportunities
Search
Search
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does This Site Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at this site. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this site. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at this site if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features in the purchasing process, personalized greetings, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of This site's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does This Site Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired or assigned, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of our store and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of this company, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Which Information Can I Access?
This site gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with this site for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Children
This site does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit this site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New York. If you have any concern about privacy at this site, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through this site or one of our third-party sellers; make an auction bid or purchase; provide information in your account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or about you; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; provide employer information when opening a corporate account. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers); e-mail addresses of other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links from Google); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at this site include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications preferences, and address book); payment settings (including credit card information and gift certificate, gift card, and check balances); e-mail notification settings; guides, and personal profile.
Contact
Tech Line: ddpship@gmail.com
Order/Service Line: (315) 376-8013
Fax: (315) 376-4702
Address
4527 State Route 410, Lowville, NY 13367
Hours
Mon - Fri:
9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
Sat:
By Appointment
Sun:
Closed
Follow Us
©Copyright 2019 ARI Network Services Inc. All Right Reserved
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map