http://www.tnmpolicies.com/privacy/
Last Updated: January 23, 2019
TN Marketing, LLC (“TNM”, “us”, “our” or “we”) has developed this Privacy Policy to explain who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use personal information in the usual course of business, including through our websites which include a link to this Privacy Policy (the “Sites”), as well as in connection with any of our sales or marketing activities or other services available on our Sites or offline (“Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Sites (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) or any other means or applications in which you connect with us or access or use our Services.
This Privacy Policy is subject to our Terms of Service found at http://www.tnmpolicies.com/terms. Each time that you access, register and/or use the Sites or our Services you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, where permitted by law.
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Privacy Policy which apply to you, we have divided up the policy into the following sections:
1.
Who We Are
2.
What Information We Collect
3.
How We Use Your Information
4.
How We Share Your Information
5.
Your Data Protection Rights
6.
California Residents’ Privacy Rights
7.
EEA Data Subjects’ Data Protection Rights
8.
Nevada Residents’ Privacy Rights
9.
Third-Party Links
10.
How We Keep Your Personal Information Secure
11.
Retention of Your Personal Information
12.
International Users
13.
Children’s Information
14.
Changes to Privacy Policy
15.
Contact Us
1. WHO WE ARE
TN Marketing, LLC is a U.S. based company that sells online streaming services and products relating to topics that enable people to pursue their passions.
2. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide to us: We collect personal information that you provide to us when you sign up for an account to access and use the Sites or Services, when you consult with customer support or send us an email or communicate with us in any way (for example, to make a support request) or you make a purchase on our Sites. Your personal information we collect may include: your contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) and contact preferences; account information (such as your username and password); and if you make a purchase, payment details (card information, alternative payment method information, invoices, order information and transaction history). If you communicate directly with us, we may maintain a record of those communications and responses.
Information You Post. Some of our Services provide access to public facing community forums (“Community Forums”) which are designed to enable you to post content. Any information or content you post becomes public information and is potentially subject to redistribution by TNM and others. There is no expectation of privacy when posting content and we have no control over how other users use the information you make public. Therefore, you should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission for or posting on a Community Forum.
Location Information. We collect information about your general location using different types of technologies. We also collect IP addresses and device identifiers that may provide location information.
Information We Collect Automatically Through Cookies and Similar Technologies: We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to automatically collect information about how you interact with our Sites and Services and other websites over time and across devices. Our vendors and partners also collect information this way. For more information on cookies and similar tracking technology and how they are used and how you can opt out of such use please refer to our Cookie Notice.
Information Imported from Social Networks:
When you choose to interact with us through social media your interactions with social media platforms (“Social Networks”) typically allows the Social Networks to collect information such as “Likes”, profile information gathered from the Social Networks, or the fact that you viewed or interacted with our Services. Social Networks may collect information about you through digital cookies they place on your device and other tracking mechanisms even when you are not directly interacting with their applications. Please review the Social Networks’ privacy policies and choices for sharing information of any Social Network connected to our Services.
Information We Collect From Other Sources: In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers and services to you, we obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases and joint marketing partners.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect or receive (alone or in combination):
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to provide you access to the Services or products you have ordered, to respond to any inquiry, feedback, or information and materials regarding our products and services.
To send administrative information to you, for example, invoices, renewal notices, information regarding our Services or Sites, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To send you marketing communications, including via email and SMS in compliance with applicable laws and in accordance with your preferences, that we believe may be of interest to you.
To personalize your experience on our Sites by presenting content and offers tailored to you and your interests, including by creating custom audiences on social media sites.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites and products and Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (d) to enforce our Terms of Service; (e) to protect our operations or those of our marketing partners; (f) to protect our rights, or the privacy, safety or property of you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available legal remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
For other reasons that we describe to you at the time of collection.
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients and for the following reasons:
Service providers.
In order to provide our Services to you, it is necessary for us to disclose your information to service providers who perform certain functions of our Services on our behalf. Examples include cloud hosting providers (to provide data storage and processing services); communications providers (to process new queries and to manage our emails); and fulfillment providers (to send you products or provide access to our Services).
Payment Processors.
When you make a purchase with us, your billing is collected and processed directly by our payment processor Worldpay through their checkout service. We never receive or store your full credit card information.
Worldpay commits to complying with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and using industry standard security.
Marketing Partners.
We selectively share our mailing lists with marketing partners so they can provide you with information about product or service offerings which may be of interest to you. See Section 5 for how to opt out of our sharing of such information for these purposes.
Targeted Advertising.
We will share information collected about your visits over time and across our Services and multiple devices and other websites with our advertising partners in order to serve targeted advertising to you. For more information on targeted advertising and how to manage your preferences please refer to our Cookie Notice.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, to verify the authenticity of any transaction, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in legal proceedings.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
5. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Access to Information.
If you are a member you can access, correct, update, and delete personal information you have provided to us by logging into your account and going to the preference center and your personal information. If you are a member and do not want to go into your account or are not a member you can email us at privacy@tnmarketing.com, call customer service at 877-329-9375 or write to us at TN Marketing, LLC, 1903 Wayzata Boulevard, East, Wayzata, MN 55391.
Opting-Out of Marketing Emails.
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” or “preference center” link in the email, or if you are a member by logging into your account and going to email preference communications. You can also email us at privacy@tnmarketing.com or write to us at TN Marketing, LLC, 1903 Wayzata Boulevard, East, Wayzata, MN 55391. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing purposes.
Turning Off Tracking Technologies.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a persistent or session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. It is important to remember that many of our Services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. Please refer to our Cookie Notice for more information.
Browser “Do Not Track” Signals.
Some third-party browsers provide “do not track” machine readable signals for websites, which are automatically applied by default. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our Sites or Services may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Interest Based Ads.
Please refer to our Cookies Notice for opt out information.
Control Tools on Your Mobile Devices. There may be controls on your mobile devices such as the ability to turn off GPS locator and other privacy settings.
Consent. If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then depending on the jurisdiction where you reside and applicable law you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
6. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of TNM’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Any California resident may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by directing such request to ShineTheLightPrivacyRequest@tnmarketing.com.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well as the right to know or access, to delete, and to limit sharing of Personal Information. The CCPA defines “Personal Information” to mean “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.”
To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Right to Information Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Disclosed. Please see our Notice of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices below.
Right to Access Information. You have the right to request access to Personal Information collected about you and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Right to Request Deletion of Information. You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function.
How to Submit a Request. You may submit a request to exercise your rights by emailing us at ShineTheLightPrivacyRequest@tnmarketing.com, call customer service at 877-329-9375 or write to us at TN Marketing, LLC, 1903 Wayzata Boulevard, East, Wayzata, MN 55391.
7. EEA DATA SUBJECTS’ DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
If you are located in the EEA, you have the following data protection rights:
Right of Access:
If you wish to access your personal information, you can do so at any time by logging into your account or by contacting us at GDPRDataRequest@tnmarketing.com or using the contact details provided in Section 15 below.
Right to Correction:
If you wish to correct or update your personal information, you can do so at any time by logging into your account or by contacting us at GDPRDataRequest@tnmarketing.com or using the contact details provided in Section 15 below.
Right to Erasure:
If you wish to request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at GDPRDataRequest@tnmarketing.com or using the contact details provided in Section 15 below.
Right to Restriction of Processing:
In addition, in certain circumstances you can object to processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information by contacting us at GDPRDataRequest@tnmarketing.com or using the contact details provided in Section 15 below.
Right to Data Portablity:
In certain circumstances you can request portability of your personal information by contacting us at GDPRDataRequest@tnmarketing.com or using the contact details provided in Section 15 below.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Lodging a Complaint:
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information please contact your local data protection authority.
8. NEVADA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS
A Notice to Nevada Residents: If you are a resident of Nevada, you may apply limits to the sale of certain personal information to third parties for resale or licensing purposes. You are entitled to register your preference for limits on such sales in the future by sending an email to NevadaPrivacyRequest@tnmarketing.com, with the subject line, “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” along with your first and last name, zip code, and whether you are a former or current member of any of our Services so that we can match your information to your account.
9. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Services. Any access to and use of any linked websites or services is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
10. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. However, no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
11. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain your personal information to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to maintain records of fraud, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations or in accordance with our standard business practices.
12. INTERNATIONAL USERS
The Sites and Services are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Sites or Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by other entities with whom we share your personal information, in the United States and other locations. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. By using the Sites or Services, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information where permitted by law.
13. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Sites and Services are intended for a general audience and are directed or intended for anyone under 18 years of age. You must be 18 years of age to use the Sites or Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that information.
14. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
TNM will review and update this Privacy Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent update above. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice on our Sites, but we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to be informed of how TNM is using your information.
15. CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices you may contact us by email at privacy@tnmarketing.com, by phone at 877-329-9375, or you can write to us at TN Marketing, LLC, 1903 Wayzata Boulevard, East, Wayzata, MN 55391.
When contacting us, please include your full name, address, phone number, and email address, and indicate the specific nature of your request or inquiry.
Notice of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices
The following is a description of our data collection practices, including the Personal Information we collect, the sources of that information, the purposes for which we collect information, and whether we disclose that information to external parties. We may use any and all of the information for any of the purposes described in the Privacy Policy, unless limitations are listed. The categories we use to describe the information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
Personal Identifiers:
We collect your name, phone number, email address, mailing address, and contact address when you create an account or contact us via the site. If you choose to create an account, you will also be asked to create a username, and we will assign one or more unique identifiers to your profile. We use this information to provide our services, respond to your requests, and send information and advertisements to you.
A service provider working on our behalf collects your payment information when you provide it to us, or to a service provider working on our behalf, when you complete a transaction. This information includes your credit card number or bank account number. You have the option to store this information to your account. We use this information to facilitate payments and transactions.
We collect your IP address automatically when you use our Services. We use this information to identify you, gauge online activity on our website, measure the effectiveness of online services, applications, and tools, and may serve targeted advertisements based on your online activities.
We do not collect your Driver’s License number or passport number.
We do not collect your social security number.
We do not collect any medical information or health information about you.
Protected Classifications: We do send surveys where we may ask for age, gender and race but we cannot match that info back to an individual.
Commercial Information: When you engage in transactions with us, we create records of goods or services purchased, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our services.
Biometric Information: We do not collect information about your physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information: When you navigate to and use our site, we collect the date and time that you access the site, and the pages you visit on our sites.
Geolocation Data: As described above, we collect your IP address automatically when you visit our sites. We can determine your general location based on the IP address. We do not collect your precise geolocation.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information: If you contact us via phone, we may record the call. We will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call.
Education information: We do send surveys where we may ask for skill levels, interests, and other but cannot match that info back to an individual.
We may use any of the categories of information listed above for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected.
We may share any of the above-listed information with Service Providers, which are external parties that we engage for business purposes and are restricted from using Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
On certain occasions, we also sell information to third parties. An external party may be considered a third party either because the purpose of sharing the Personal Information is not an enumerated business purpose under California law, or because our contract does not restrict them from using Personal Information for other purposes.
We may also disclose information to external parties who are not listed here when required by law or to protect our company or other purposes, as described in our Privacy Policy.