https://www.importperformancetrans.com/index.php?l=page_view&p=privacy_policy
Currency
U.S. Dollar (USD)
My Account
My Account
Wishlist
View Cart
Login / Register
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your cart is currently empty
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart & Checkout
Menu
Home
Categories
New ProductsMiscellaneous Trans Items, Lubricants, Coolers, etc.Apparel, Stickers, Decals, etc.Audi | VolkswagenBMW and MiniChrysler
Dodge
Jeep Plymouth
MoparFord Lincoln MercuryGeneral MotorsHonda and AcuraHummerMazda
Mercedes BenzMitsubishi DSM Eagle HyundaiNissan InfinitiPorscheSAABSubaruToyota Lexus ScionGarage Sale
Gift Registry
Gift Certificates
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Categories
New Products
Miscellaneous Trans Items, Lubricants, Coolers, etc.
Apparel, Stickers, Decals, etc.
Audi | Volkswagen
Audi | VW and ZF Performance Upgraded Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
BMW and Mini
BMW and ZF Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep Plymouth
Mopar
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep Upgraded Performance Auto Transmission
Ford Lincoln Mercury
Ford PerformanceUpgraded
Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
General Motors
GM Performance Upgraded Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Honda and Acura
Honda Acura Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Hummer
Mazda
Mazda Auto Trans Parts
Mercedes Benz
Mercedes Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Mitsubishi DSM Eagle Hyundai
Mitsubishi DSM Eagle Hyundai Performance Upgraded Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Nissan Infiniti
Nissan Infiniti Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Porsche
Porsche Upgraded Performance Tiptronic / Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts
SAAB
SAAB Auto Trans Parts
Subaru
Subaru Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Toyota Lexus Scion
Toyota Lexus Scion Upgraded Performance Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters and Transmission Parts.
Garage Sale
Manufacturers
Bestsellers
IPT End Clutch Kit - DSM | Mitsubishi
Superior | Translab Shift Kit TL 175 HP (High Perf...
Pan Gasket and Filter Kit, F4A33 / W4A33
F4A33 / W4A33 Upgraded Performance Transmission Re...
W4A33/F4A33 Pump Gasket
Trans Assembly Lube (16 oz)
Mitsubishi / DSM IPT Upgraded High- Stall Torque C...
Porsche 722.6 / Porsche A9731 Tiptronic Transfer C...
A340, A341, A343, Upgraded
Performance AW4 Rebuil...
IPT Upgraded
Modified Valve Body- A340 Type Toyot...
Sale Item
IPT BMW w/ ZF Upgraded Modified Valve Body- *Click here if you cannot find a ZF transmission shift kit!*
$735.00 $635.00
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail to sales@importperformancetrans.com.
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Contact Us
Advanced Search
Site Map
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wishlist
Hawthorne, NJ 973.406.7000 sales@importperformancetrans.com
IPT Performance Transmissions ©Copyright 2020 IPT Performance Transmissions   |   Powered by SunShop "Shopping Cart Software"