http://www.fishface.com/privacy-notice
contact usUse the form on the right to contact us.You can edit the text in this area, and change where the contact form on the right submits to, by entering edit mode using the modes on the bottom right.
1800 Four Seasons Blvd Suite: F11 #1624
Hendersonville, NC 28792
United States
815-338-2919
troythomas@fishface.com
Funny fishing shirts make a great fishing gift for men or women who love the outdoors. Great for Father's Day gifts, Birthdays, Anniversaries and the Holidays!
Home
Shop
Men's
Women's
Fishing Gift Ideas
Caps
Kids/Infants
Best
Sellers
New Products
Fishing the States
News and Events
Contact Me
About
Blog
Sign In
My Account
Funny Fishing T-shirts & Fishing Gifts - Fish Face
Info
Email
Search
Privacy Notice
Privacy Information and How Fish Face Goods Protects Your Purchases
Fish Face Goods, Limited has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. As part of the normal operation of services, we collect and, in some instances, disclose information about you. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.1. Information Collected During Your VisitIn order to register, users are required to give us contact information (such as your name and email address), unique identifiers (like your password), and demographic information (like your zip code).Certain information, such as passwords and email addresses, is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.Our service uses cookies to keep track of your use of our service. Cookies are stored on your computer, and are not stored on the Squarespace server. They use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to recognize you when you visit our service.What Personal Information About Customers Does Fish Face Goods Gather?The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Fish Face Goods. Here are the types of information we gather.Information You Give Us: We receive and sometimes store information you enter on our Web site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you. Please note that we never ever store credit card information on our site nor will we ever provide your account information to any third party vendor.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.If you decide to purchase any Fish Face Goods product, Fish Face Goods will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information"). Financial Information that is collected is used to check your qualifications for registration, to bill you for products and for other purposes. Fish Face Goods does not share Financial Information with outside parties.2. Our Use of Your InformationWe use customer contact information from the registration form to send you information about Fish Face Goods. Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect our partners and ourselves from fraud.We use demographic and profile data to tailor your experience on our service, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.3. Our Disclosure of Your InformationWe never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy and our Member Agreement without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. We may also offer you the option to attract visitors to your site through participation in search engines, comparative shopping services, or similar distribution opportunities.Fish Face Goods, Limited will never willfully sell, lease, or rent any personally identifiable information about you or your business to any third party without first receiving your permission.Fish Face Goods, Limited cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances, or other situations may arise requiring such disclosure. In addition, you authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.4. SecurityIn order to maximize protection of your information, Fish Face Goods uses state-of-the-art technology to protect your data from use, misuse, or alteration by unauthorized third parties. Currently, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to protect your data and secure your transactions. SSL encrypts all your personal information, including your credit card number, name, and address, as it is transmitted over the Internet. Of course, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure, and Fish Face Goods does not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data on or through the use of the Hunt Face Goods is at your own risk.If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact usFish Face Goods, 1800 Four Seasons Blvd Suite: F11 #1624, Hendersonville, NC 28792
Email Address
COUNT ME IN !
Thank you very much. Use this code SUBSCRIBE2020 at checkout to save 10% OFF your first order!
Shipping and Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
FAQ