http://www.giddyap.com/pages/shipping-policy
Get exclusive offers in the Giddyap Girls newsletter
My Account
Distributors
Contact
888-GIDDYAP
(443-3927)
info@giddyap.com
My Account
Welcome to Giddyap Girls / BioEZ Health !
Login
Create Account
0
Home
Our Products
BioEZ® Digestive Optimizer
FlexEZ™ Complete Joint + HA
VF-VetFormula™
80/6 Probiotic Gel/Paste
Giddyap Girls® Horse Treats
Original SoakingBoot®
The Vapor Boot™
Mesh Caps From New Era®
About Us
Distributors
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Giddyap Girls / BioEZ Health !
Login
Create Account
Home
Policies
Policies
Shipping
Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co. website uses a tiered shipping cost discount based on 'Shopping Cart Total' and shipped by Ground Service. Shipping prices are generated by United Parcel Service (UPS) in USD$ and will be discounted per chart below. Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
Purchase Amount
Shipping Discount
0 - 30$
30%
31$ - 60$
50%
61$ - 90$
75%
91$ +
100% Free Shipping!
Privacy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.giddyap.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use this website, some users must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We do not use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our sites request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone or via email listed on this site.
Returns
You have 30 calendar days to return an item from the date you received it.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused/unopened and in the same condition that you received it. Your item must include the original packaging. Your item needs to have the receipt or proof of purchase.
Refunds
Once we receive your item, we will inspect it and notify you that we have received your returned item. We will immediately notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item. We may require a Restocking Fee of 20%. If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment). You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days, depending on your card issuer's policies.
Shipping on Returns
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are nonrefundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Trademark/Copyright
Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company®, Giddyap Girls® name and "Three Horse Logo" are registered trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc. Horse Treat Formulation, Clover Shape Cookie, "Snaps into Three Pieces"™, "Enjoy the Superior Treat"™, The Healthy Treat™, "Because Your Horse Deserves the Very Best!"™ are trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc.
Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company®, Giddyap Girls® name and "Three Horse Logo" are registered trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc. BioEZ™name and BioEZ™ Formulation, "Because Your Horse Deserves the Very Best!"™, BioEZ™, Digestion Optimizer™, "Easy, Affordable, Preventive"™ are trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc.
Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company®, Giddyap Girls SoakingBoot®, Giddyap Girls® name and "Three Horse Logo" are registered trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc. 'It's a Smart Soaking Solution'™, 'Helps Hooves Heal Faster'™, 'Smart Soaking = Better Healing'™, 'Control Strap'™ and 'Comfort Disk'™, Oxi-CleanTabs™, Oxi-CleanTabs™ formulation, SoakingBoot™, VaporBoot™, VaporBoot™ Design and Materials and Fabrication Process, Soaking Boot™ Design and Materials and Fabrication Process, are trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc.
Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company®, Giddyap Girls® name BeeReady® and "Three Horse Logo" are registered trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company/GGBC Inc. Be Ready™, and Be Ready Safety Spray™ are trademarks of Giddyap Girls Biscuit Company/GGBC Inc.
Registrations are on file and protected by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.
All work on this website is covered by copyright. Any use, copying, republication, reposting, uploading or duplicating of content, photos and material is strictly prohibited without express written permission.
Photos on this website belong to Giddyap Girls Biscuit Co./GGBC Inc. Some photos used on this website do not belong to GGBC Inc. and are not used for commercial reasons. Photos are from retailers linked within posts, from brand public relations or are credited to the source website or individual.
Our Products
Giddyap Girls® Horse Treats
BioEZ® Digestive Optimizer
VF-VetFormula™ Probiotic Gel/Paste
FlexEZ™ Complete Joint + HA
Original SoakingBoot®
The Vapor Boot™
Mesh Caps from New Era®
BioEZ® Sample Program
Interested in receiving a free sample of BioEZ®?
Read all about how on our Tumblr page.
Make somebody smile!
- Pamela
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Giddyap Girls / BioEZ Health
| Our Policies