https://www.haiths.com/terms-and-conditions/
Shopping Basket
(0 items - £0.00)
Hello GuestMy Account Sign OutMy Account Sign In
Shop
Contact
Search
Bird FoodsBird FoodsOur award-winning super-clean seeds are safer for Britain's birds because uncleaned seed mixes can contain dust, debris and waste husk which are all harmful to birds. We've been feeding the nation's birds since 1937 and all our garden bird diets come with a money-back guarantee and home or office delivery is included on orders over £30 to UK mainland destinations.View All Bird Foods Categories »No Grow Bird SeedSuperClean Bird Seed MixesSunflower Hearts, Black SunflowerFat Balls & SuetPeanutsMealwormsUnique SoftfoodsNiger SeedHedgehog, Squirrel and Badger FoodDomestic BirdsShop our Cage & Aviary RangeShop our Fishing RangeBird FeedersBird FeedersOur feeders come in all shapes and sizes including squirrel proof to stop grey squirrels in their tracks. We stock easy to clean Droll Yankee (Lifetime Guarantee), Bill Oddie's feeders and more. A high-quality feeder will typically last longer. Many of ours can be adapted with accessories to improve feeding results and save bird seed from getting wet, for example. If you have squirrels in your garden, consider a squirrel proof feeder as you’ll save money in the long run.
View All Bird Feeders Categories »Bird Seed FeedersSuet FeedersAccessoriesSquirrel proof bird feederNiger Seed FeederPeanut FeedersBird feeding stationGround & TablesFor Small BirdsFor WindowsNest BoxesAccessoriesAccessoriesYour wildlife garden will be full of birds in no time and that's when garden bird enthusiasts often turn their attention to nest boxes, bird baths and bird health - often asking how to clean bird feeders and feeding stations. This wildlife category will help you select the best nest box for your wild birds, make fresh water available daily, keep grey squirrels at bay, and help you choose safe, bird care hygiene essentials.View All Accessories Categories »Bird Baths for the GardenSquirrel and Cat RepellentHygieneOffersGifts
01472 357 515
Free* delivery on orders over £30Click & CollectCustomer Services 01472 357 515
Home > Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsTerms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions are applicable every time you access our website and/or order goods from our website or pricelists. Please note that these Terms and Conditions also incorporate the following sections which we advise that you read:
By clicking “Proceed to Payment” you confirm that you have read and accepted our Terms & Conditions.
Ordering Goods
• All orders placed through our website or by mail order will be subject to our acceptance of the order.
• When you submit an order to us our website will send you an acknowledgement of receipt (please refer to Haith’s Liability below).
• You should check your email for accuracy and let us know immediately if there are any errors. We will contact you by email or telephone regarding any delivery delays or payment issues.
• When you place an order you are agreeing to purchase goods and allowing us to use your personal details solely for the purpose of supplying the goods you have ordered.
• We will where necessary pass on your details to our trusted subcontractors, for example: The Royal Mail, FedEx and companies who ship goods on our behalf. We do not allow these companies to use your personal information other than to deliver the goods you have ordered.
• Promotional codes are codes that enable customers to obtain benefits such as discounts, free delivery and free gifts. These codes are non-transferable so may only be used by the person to whom they are issued and must only be used in accordance with their terms and conditions of use. If you use a promotional code to claim a promotional benefit, you must first check that it was issued to you and that you are eligible to use it. By using it to claim a promotional benefit you will be confirming that:-
i. you are entitled to use the code;
ii. you meet all the conditions that apply to its use;
iii. you agree to the terms set out below.
If, before accepting your order, we find that you are not entitled to use the code or do not meet all the terms and conditions of its use, we may reject your order.
• Should you wish to cancel your order or return any goods, please go to the Returns section for further information.
Processing orders and payment:
Whilst it is our intention to keep our website/pricelists up to date and error free, product description or pricing errors may occur. If we discover such an error after you have submitted an order to us, we will contact you prior to accepting your order with the correct details. You may then either cancel your order or re-confirm it based on the correct information.
Product availability:
We aim to despatch goods the same (working) day they are ordered if completed by 1pm. However, unlike many bird food companies, we prepare fresh batches of SUPERCLEAN(TM) bird food daily on the premises and despatch can occasionally take a little longer, if (for example) we are waiting for fresh ingredients from our high-quality suppliers.
If in the unlikely event that one or more of the products you order is/are not in stock, your order may be delivered in separate parcels and delivery may take a little longer.
We aim to do our best and keep our website up to date; however, technical problems can sometimes slow down communication between our office and the website which may on rare occasions affect its accuracy. Items can sometimes sell out faster than expected, and may no longer be available. On rare occasions like these we would offer you alternatives. Please note, though, that holding items in the site’s shopping basket or wish list does not guarantee their availability or price. Goods will only be allocated on completion of your order. Delivery dates quoted are estimated and can be affected by stock availability and in extreme cases the weather. Our reputation as a trusted supplier of quality bird food guarantees that we will do our very best to deliver the right goods on time.
We are not liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges or expenses caused by any delay.
Card Payment:
Online we accept payment by credit or debit cards or via PayPal. All card payments are authorised at the point of ordering and we require your full details to obtain authorisation. We operate a safer form of token payment to protect your credit card data. We require your name, address and telephone number. These must match the exact details registered with the card user. We will not debit your card until your items are ready for despatch. In the unlikely event that the items you have ordered are out of stock, your order will be cancelled and you will be refunded should you not wish for us to provide an alternative product.
The Haith’s and Bill Oddie’s Bird Food Recipes’ websites use VeriFone Token Payment Gateway technology to prevent us capturing vulnerable credit card data.
We link the transaction to verified by Visa and 3D Secure authorisation systems which require additional information from you in the shape (usually) of a password. This additional layer of security protects you and us from cyber crime.
We use industry standard 128-bit SSL encryption technology to securely transfer personal details sent by the website. Our secure server software uses a unique digital certificate to encrypt your data; however, this data DOES NOT contain your credit/debit card information.
Our guarantee:
It’s our number one priority to keep our customers and their birds happy; therefore, if you’re not 100% satisfied with your purchase within 28 days (of receipt) we’ll refund or replace it, as necessary. This does not affect your statutory rights. Please ‘phone 0800 298 7054 for details. Bank Holiday Deliveries:
See “Delivery Information” for seasonal updates.
Deliveries:
In the unlikely event that one or more of the products you order is/are not in stock, your order may be delivered in separate parcels and delivery may take a little longer. A member of our Customer Service Team would contact you in this event.
Delivery is via FedEx or Royal Mail (Small Parcel Service).
Despatch and Delivery information can be found here.
Click & Collect:
Click & Collect lets you make an order online, or over the phone (saving 20%) and then collect it from our Factory Outlet. If you have opted for our ‘Click & Collect’ service the following terms apply;
• Maximum order value is £150.
• Excludes trade customers.
• Free same day collection (order before 11am – collect after 2pm Monday to Friday).
• Order by 3pm Monday to Thursday and collect from store the next day after 10am.
• Order by 12pm Friday and collect on Monday after 10am (exc. Bank Holidays).
• Order on Saturday or Sunday for collection after 12 Noon on Monday (exc. Bank Holidays).
• Should you be unable to collect your order/or have selected the Click & Collect option in error, a member of our Customer Service Team will contact you to obtain the relevant delivery fee where applicable.
• Our Click & Collect address is as follows; John E Haith Ltd, The Bird Food Centre, Genesis Way, Europarc, Grimsby, NE Lincs, DN37 9TU.
Factory Outlet Direct Sales
Visit us at our Factory Outlet and save 20%.
The following terms apply;
• Excludes trade customers
• Excludes Clubman Range
• Maximum spend £250
Privacy Policy:
Please make sure that you have read and understood our Privacy Policy which explains how we safeguard any data which you provide to us in order for us to fulfil your online order.
Haith’s Liability:
We do not accept liability (except as set out below) for any errors and/or omissions contained in our website/pricelists and reserve the right to change information, prices, ingredients and descriptions of listed goods, products and services at any time and without notice.
In the event of a pricing error being found on the goods you have ordered, we shall be under no obligation at all to fulfil the order. In the event that goods have been advertised and purchased at an incorrect price, we will inform you as soon as possible. Of course, we will advise you of the correct price and you will be given an opportunity to order the goods at this correct price. If you have already been charged for the goods (in the context of the aforementioned) we shall credit your card within 14 days and re-charge your card if you have decided to purchase the goods at the correct price.
Were you to receive the incorrect goods, damaged or defective goods or the goods not reflect the description given online, we will make good any shortage or non-delivery, replace or repair said damaged or defective goods – or refund (refund = refund the appropriate card within 14 days) the amount you paid for the goods. See “Our guarantee”. You must inform us in writing at the address stated in the confirmation email. This provision does not affect your statutory rights.
In the event where a customer has asked that goods be left in a specific location, Haith’s will endeavour to pass on special requests to our carriers. Please note that Haith’s accept no responsibility for items which may go missing or become damaged once delivered.
Due to the organic nature of seeds, mixes, peanuts and other natural produce, sizes and colour may vary. We reserve the right to adjust our seed blends from time to time as seasonal supply could affect procurement. However, where we substitute a seed we will endeavour to replace it with a seed of equal value (Equal Value = cost, nutritional analysis i.e. protein, fibre, calories etc.).
We recommend that bird products are kept away from pets. All of Haith’s foods and mixes may contain traces of nuts. Please don't allow your dog to eat bird food - it's for the birds. Some bird foods may include raisins/sultanas and these can be toxic to dogs (even when cooked). If your dog has eaten raisins it's important you seek a vet's advice immediately.
Re-Sale:
Our consumer goods are not for re-sale, unless you have a valid trade account with Haith's. By purchasing goods from Haith's (online or otherwise) you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and more specifically those goods you have purchased are for your personal use. In other words, you should not re-sell our goods; re-package our goods; decant our goods into different weights nor re-badge them and pass them off under a different brand name.
Intellectual Property and Trademarks:
Our website and marketing material contains a category of property that includes tangible creations such as trademarks, ideas and innovation. Using our websites is not approval to use Haith’s intellectual properties. Likewise, our website features unique mixes, many of which we consider valuable to Haith’s, which is why we show the TM (™) icon. We will protect infringement and misuse of these goods. Registered trademarks are shown as ® and these are trading names or products with significant goodwill; therefore, they can only be used with our written permission.
Terms & Conditions
You have recently viewed
When you have viewed a few items they will appear here for your reference.
Community
Shop from our catalogue
You can view a digital copy of our catalogue online or request a printed copy
Social pages
Share what’s happening in your garden
Register for emails
You’ll save money, get better results and enjoy feeding more birds if you stay connected
Please enter a valid email address.
Customer Care
Customer Services
Delivery Information
Returns Policy*
Service Reviews
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
About Haith's
Our Story
Awards
Mission 'R'
Site Map
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Q&A
Catalogue
Blogs
Trade Enquiries
Looking for one of our other websites?
© 2020 John E Haith Ltd, Haith's, UK
+44(0)1472 357515
Secure Payment with
eCommerce By Paraspar
We use cookies to give you a better service. Continue browsing if you're happy with this, or find out more about cookies.