http://www.panamajack.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Close menu
SHOP
Home Furnishings
Area Rugs
Indoor Furniture
Outdoor Patio Furniture
Sunroom Furniture
Hats
Men's Cloth & Canvas Hats
Men's Caps & Sun Visors
Men's Straw Hats
Women's Cloth & Ribbon Hats
Women's Straw Hats
All Men's Hats
All Women's Hats
All Kids Hats
Sun Care
Hand Sanitizer
After-Sun Skin Care
Baby & Kids Sunscreen
Lip Balm & Face Sunscreen
Sun Care Packs
Sport Sunscreens
Sunscreen Lotions
Sunscreen Sprays
Tanning Oils & Lotions
Body Mists
Sunglasses
Men
Women
Kids
Clothing & Beach Gear
Beach Cruisers
Clothing, T-Shirts, Hoodies
Bandanas
Beach Tote Bags
Beach Towels
Body Mists
SPECIALS
RESORTS
Cancun
Playa del Carmen
Special Offers
BLOG
Around the House
At the Beach
From Panama Jack
Tips 'n Tricks
Travel and Leisure
Under the Sea
ABOUT
Our Story
FAQs
Hat Sizing
Contact Us
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
Home
/
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is designed to help you understand how Panama Jack International, Inc. ( "Panama Jack", "we" or "us" ) collects and processes the information that you share when you use this and any of our websites (together, the "Site") and our mobile application (the "App," and together with the Site, the "Service".)
In general, we collect certain personal information about you so that we can provide you the services you request, improve your shopping experience and communicate with you about our products, services, contests and promotions. This Policy also describes the decisions you can make about how you provide your personal information to us.
If this Policy changes in the future, we will post an updated version on our website. You can tell if this Policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears under the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. You may change how you provide your personal information to us at any time.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
HOW DO WE PROTECT VISITOR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
DO WE USE "COOKIES"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We DO NOT sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include our business. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT, REMOVE OR MODIFY INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. Third party links In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). Changes to our policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on December 18, 2019.
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Online Policy Only: this online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
ANTISEPTIC HAND SANITIZER
Enriched with Aloe Vera and vitamin E, our quick-drying, fragrance-free formula leaves hands feeling soft, while helping reduce bacteria on the skin.
shop hand sanitizer
SIGNATURE BANDANA
Made from 100% breathable cotton, this multi-functional bandana is the perfect accessory to protect you and your loved ones from the elements.
shop bandanas
spf 45 lip balms
Made with Love, Care and Pride since 1974, our SPF 45 sunscreen lip balms are non-waxy or sticky, goes on smooth, and tastes amazing.
shop lip balms
"Close (esc)"