http://www.lilypons.com/privacy
"FREE SHIPPING" on all Orders $175 and up! All Day, Everyday! CLICK HERE for Details!
About
History
Testimonials
Meet Us
In the Press
Online Store
SALE!
What's New
Waterlilies
Lotus
Bog Plants
Plant Collections
Submerged and Floating Plants
Planting Accessories
Fish, Snails, & Tadpoles
Fish Food & Fish Care
Water Clarity Essentials
Netting & De-Icers
Filters, Waterfalls, & UV Lights
Pumps, Skimmers, Tubing & Accessories
Fountains, Spitters, & Lights
Vacuums & Tools
Gift Cards
Liners & Underlayment
Gifts for the Water Gardener
Learning Center
Getting Started
Caring for your water garden
Services
Guest Speaker
On-Site Consulting
Pond Design & Installation
Cleaning & Maintenance
Visit Us
Hours & Directions
Our Garden & Store
Events
What's Nearby
Catalog
Download Catalog
Request Paper Catalog
Community
Customer Photos
Artists Corner
Associates
Home/privacy
Privacy Policy
Lilypons Water Gardens is committed to keeping private information, private. The following details our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. Various forms on our site require users to give us contact information (ie. name, mailing and/or shipping address and email address). We use customer contact information from these forms to send the user current information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary, i.e. for customer service, etc. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (credit card numbers). Contact information from the order is used to send orders to our customers. The customer’s contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. This information is kept STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All personal data is sent over SSL encrypted streams that allow only user-client access. All data resides on firewall-protected servers that are monitored 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year.
We have never nor do we ever intend to sell our email list to a third party. Email addresses given on this site are strictly for use by Lilypons Water Gardens for contact (order information, customer service, etc.) and/or optional, per your request, email updates (monthly newsletter, sale updates per user consent). At any time the user may "opt-out" of the email list.
Follow us
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
Enter Email
Sign up for eMail
SPECIAL OFFERS
Email address
Sign Up