http://www.rughouse.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Next Day Delivery £4.95
|
Free 3-5 day UK Delivery
|
Call Us: 01453 842493
Sheepskin Rugs
All Sheepskin Rugs
Large Sheepskin Rugs
Rare Breed Sheepskin's
Sheepskin Pet Rugs
Custom Made Sheepskins
Icelandic Sheepskin Rugs
Flokati / Wool Rugs
Modern Rugs
Outdoor Rugs
More Items
Traditional Rugs
Cushions
Rug Cleaning
Bath Mats
Non-Slip Underlay
Accessories
Sale
About Us
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns
Ideas & Trends
History
FAQ's
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Rughouse uses and protects any information that you give Rughouse when you use this website.
Rughouse is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Rughouse may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and payment details
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To process your order and obtain payment
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We will only do this if you have specifically opted in to our "newsletter"
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Data collected will be kept for seven years. This is in accordance with HMRC
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Data aggregation, analytics and profile creation
We may analyse your browsing behaviour to draw inferences and create profiles about your personal preferences and behaviours. We may then use such information for the purposes described below;
Behavioural advertising and cross platform targeting
(a) Served by us
We may use your information (including profile data) to serve you with advertising, which is relevant to you, on our websites and the websites of third parties.
(b) Served by third parties on our websites
Advertisers or other third parties using our website may also engage in behavioural advertising and use cookies and web beacons in the manner described above. We do not control these advertisers or other parties' use of cookies or web beacons or what they do with the information they collect.
(c) Served by third parties on third party websites
We may provide your personal information (including profile data) to third parties who may then use it in combination with personal information that they have collected from you to serve you with relevant advertising on third party websites.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.