http://www.chapstick.com/terms-of-sale/
FAQs
Contact Us
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Home
Terms of Sale
Terms of Sale
This website offers consumers a convenient way to find, learn about, and purchase products from Chapstick ( “we”, “us”, or “our”). We provide this website (the “Site”) subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “Agreement”). The terms of this Agreement apply whether you are just visiting the Site or are a registered account user (as described below). By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms. If you do not agree to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement, please do not use the Site.
In accordance with our policies, to make a purchase online, you must ship to an address within the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
Modification of This Agreement
We may modify this Agreement or other policies set forth on the Site from time to time. It is your responsibility to regularly review this Agreement. Your use of the Site following the posting of an updated Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such updated Agreement.
Severability
If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.
Privacy
Your use of the Site is also subject to our Privacy Policy.
Your Account
The use of certain services on the Site requires the user to have established a user account (an “Account”). There is no charge to establish or maintain an Account, and an Account is required to make a purchase from the Site. In order to establish an account, you must:
Provide us with your name, a valid e-mail address, and such other information as we may require from time to time; create a password; and in accordance with our Chapstick.com Policies, to make a purchase online, you must ship to an address within the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your Account or password. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account or password, either with or without your knowledge. You agree to be responsible for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your Account and/or password either with or without your knowledge. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account and/or password(s) and any other breach of security relating to the Site. You agree that any information you provide to us will be current, accurate and complete and that you will keep such information up to date by notifying us of any changes.
We reserve the right to terminate any Account at any time in our sole discretion, including without limitation for any failure to comply with these Terms of Use, any fraud or abuse, or any misrepresentation that you or anyone using your Account may make to us.
Making a Purchase
If you wish to purchase products or use certain services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information, including but not limited to credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information that you provide to us will be accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any other user of your Account and/or any credit card or other payment mechanism issued to you, including without limitation any applicable taxes and shipping, handling and processing charges, if any, relating to such purchases and transactions. We will charge your credit card when the item you purchased is shipped. Credit card orders shipped to a location other than your billing address may require additional verification. Tax is collected only on orders shipped to AL, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE, NV, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VA, WA, WV, WI, WY.
We only sell products to individuals who can purchase with a permitted payment method.
You are permitted to purchase products or services via the Site only for personal use and not for resale. We may in our discretion refuse and/or cancel any order that we believe may lead to the resale of products or services ordered from us. We make no promise that products and services described on the Site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Accessing this Site from territories where its contents are unlawful is prohibited. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the purchase, possession and use of any product or service ordered via the Site.
We reserve the right to refuse to process or complete any transaction, and to cancel any transaction, in our sole discretion.
Order Acceptance Policy
The advertisement of any product on this Site does not constitute an offer to sell. Your order or your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed are subject to additional credit verification. We may also require additional verification or information before shipping any order.
Order Limitation Policy
Given the popularity of some products, we reserve the right to limit the quantities of items that can be purchased.
Pricing and Availability
All prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice, up until the order is completed and confirmed. We make every effort to provide you the most accurate information on pricing and availability.
In addition, some of the items on our web site may be incorrectly priced or no longer available at the time you place your order.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price. If an item’s correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item. If an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, we will cancel your order and notify you of the price error and order cancellation. You will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the item at the correct price, if you so wish.
If an item you have ordered is not available because it is temporarily out of stock, we will notify you of cancellation of the order by email. If we do not believe that we will be able to fill your order at any time (such as, for example, if the product has been discontinued), we will notify you of the same by email and we will cancel your order for that item.
Promotions and Discounts
A coupon code cannot be combined with other promotions, offers or discounts. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate promotional offers at any time and without notice.
Product Descriptions
We try our best to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that the product descriptions or other content of this Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. The colors you see will depend on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All features, content, specifications, sizes and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions may be approximate and are provided for convenience only. Packaging may vary from that shown. If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in its original packaging in accordance with the Return Policy and Return Procedures.
Shipping Policy
Orders will only be shipped to addresses within the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. We strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. However, our shipping estimates are not guarantees or promises that a product will ship on a specific day or be received by you within a specific period. The amount of time it takes for you to receive a product will depend on how long it takes us to process your order and how long it takes the carrier to deliver the order to you once it is shipped.
Our preferred shipping carriers are FedEx & USPS. However, we reserve the right to use other shipping carriers.
All items must be shipped to a valid address within the United States.
Shipping charges are based upon the shipment option you select at Checkout.
Orders are typically delivered within 5 - 8 business days. Actual delivery time depends on shipping distance and may vary.
Delivery to some remote addresses may require up to 2 additional days.
Your order will be shipped after your credit has been approved and/or any other necessary verification has been completed. Some locations in Alaska, Hawaii and remote areas may require additional transit time.
Return Policy; Return and Refunds Procedures
Return Policy
Not satisfied? No problem! Chapstick strives to exceed your expectations with our products. For that reason, you can return your purchase for up to forty-five (45) days for items purchased from Chapstick.com. Proof of purchase required.
Returns are refunded to your original method of payment. You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks.
Specialized or custom purchases are not eligible for return. This product is sold for your individual use and not for resale. GSK reserves the right not to allow the sale.
If you need to return an item, please visit our Shipping & Returns page.
Return Procedures
If you are entitled to a refund in connection with a return, the following conditions will apply:
Your refund will be in the form of payment used for the purchase.
The amount refunded will be the purchase price paid by you for the returned item (which reflects the amount of any discounts, promotions or coupons that you received), including sales tax charged with respect to the item, as applicable.
Credits will be issued after we receive, inspect and process your return. Please allow time for the returned item to be delivered to us, for us to inspect and process the return, and for the credit card issuer to credit your account. Your credit card company determines when the credit will be reflected in your statement. It may take one full billing cycle for the credit to appear on your account.
Payment Methods
We currently accept the following payment methods for orders:
VISA
MasterCard
Discover Card
American Express
Diners Club
JCB
×
OK