http://www.pinemeadowgolf.com/terms
Flat-Rate Shipping  $6.95
See Details
Testimonials
100% Guarantee
Talk to a real person!
1 800 309 6878
Browse All Products
Drivers & Woods
Hybrids
Irons
Wedges
Putters
Bags & Carts
Accessories
Grips
Complete Sets
Left-Handed
Brands
ZR 3.0
PGX
Excel Monterossa
Command Factor
Command
DoubleWall™
Pinemeadow Excel
PRE
Realtree® Collection
Yukon
ZR1
Gift Certificates
Hot Deals
Sale
Closeout
Pre-Owned Clubs
- 35% Off
Help
Customer Support
Contact Us
Satisfaction Guarantee
1-Year Warranty
Shipping
Returns
Track Your Order
Get Custom Fit Online
Golf Clubs 101
1. The Basics of Golf Clubs
2. Technical Specs of Golf Club Heads, Shafts & Grips
3. Custom Fitting Golf Clubs
4. Game Improvement Golf Clubs
5. Golf Club Clones vs Brands
6. Why Buy Golf Clubs on the Internet?
7. What Golf Clubs Should You Buy?
8. Golf Club Terminology & Definitions
Testimonials
FAQ
About Us
Newsletter
Start Here
Custom Fitting Wizard
Golf Clubs 101
Clones vs. Brands
Get Answers
Contact a Golf Guru
Shop by category
Drivers & Fairway Woods
Hybrid Woods & Irons
Irons
Golf Wedges
Putters
Golf Sets
Golf Bags & Carts
Golf Balls & Accessories
Grips
Gift Certificates
Hot Deals
Monthly Deals
Clearance
Pre-Owned Clubs
Customer Support
Customer Service
Contact Us
Get Answers
Guarantee
Warranty
Shipping
Returns
Terms and Conditions of Use of this Web Site
Notice: Please read these terms and conditions of use of this web site carefully before using this web site.
Using this web site indicates that you accept these terms and conditions of use.
If you do not accept these
terms and conditions of use, do not use this web site.
Right to Change Terms and Conditions
Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. may revise these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by updating this page.
Your use of this web site after any change in terms means that these terms apply to you and you accept them.
If you have any questions about changes in terms please contact us at 6710 SW McEwan Rd, Lake Oswego,
Oregon 97035, call us at 1-800-309-6878, or email us at legalstuff@pinemeadowgolf.com.
Use of Web Site Content
You may view and download material displayed on this web site for your personal, non-commercial use only.
You agree to retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained within any materials
you use for your personal use. You may not distribute, retransmit, republish, reuse, repost, or use the
contents of this Web site for public or commercial purposes, without Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc.'s prior
written permission. You may not alter or interfere with the content or functioning of the Web site, or
"mirror" any content contained on this Web site on any other server. The materials at this web site are
copyrighted and any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and
publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Copyrights
All content provided in this web site is copyrighted by Pinemeadow Golf or by the original creator of the
content.
Except as provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use, such content may not be reproduced,
distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means,
including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the
prior written permission of Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. or the copyright owner.
Trademarks
The trademarks, registered trademarks, service marks and logos ("Trademarks") used and displayed on this
Web site are Trademarks of Pinemeadow Golf and others.
Pinemeadow, Pinemeadow Golf, Red Alert, Secret
Weapon, Tour Leader, Tour High and Tour Wide are registered trademarks of Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc.
All other trademarks and registered trademarks used within this website are the property of the individual
trademark owners and the use of such trademarks is intended only to identify products by their common names.
Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. is in no way associated, sponsored, or affiliated with Callaway Golf Company,
Taylor Made Golf Co., Inc., Cobra Golf, Inc., Orlimar Golf Company, Adams Golf, Inc., Karsten Manufacturing
Corporation, Titliest, Cleveland Golf, Wilson Sporting Goods, or Nike.
Pinemeadow Golf's products presented
in this web site are not to be confused with any of the products or trademarks of those aforementioned
companies.
Communicating with Pinemeadow Golf
We love to hear from you; however, please keep it clean.
You may not post on this web site or transmit to
us any unlawful, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, threatening, libelous, or defamatory
material.
Any communications, postings, comments, suggestions, questions or answers, product reviews,
testimonials or the like, will be treated by us as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used by
us for any purpose.
Do not send us any new product ideas, marketing plans, or original ideas you may have
for new products, concepts, proposals or the like.
Links To This Web Site
Third-party Web sites may provide links to this Web site. Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. has not reviewed
any or all of the third-party Web sites linked to this Web site. Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. is not
responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other Web sites linked to this Web site. Your
linking to this Web site, off-site pages or other Web sites is at your own risk.
Links From This Web Site
The Web site may from time to time provide links to other Web sites. Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. is not
responsible or liable for, and does not endorse, the content or operation of such third-party web sites,
including but not limited to the advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Web sites.
Pricing and Product Availability
Prices and product availability of on PinemeadowGolf.com are subject to change without notice. In
the effort to make your shopping experience great, we do our best to correct any pricing errors
and issues involving product availability.
Pricing: When errors are discovered we correct them immediately. We offer customers a wide-selection of
products on our site and sometimes product prices are listed incorrectly. We do our best to
prevent this from happening by verifying prices before the price, or promotional price goes live
on our site. If the correct price of the product is less than our stated price, we will charge
the lower amount before shipping the product to you or—if the product has shipped—we
will credit you. If the correct price is higher than the price listed on our site, we will
contact you before shipping your order regarding the incorrectly priced items. Keep in mind we
have no obligation to provide the products at the incorrect price, even after you receive
confirmation of your order via email.
Availability: We also make all products available based on the item being in stock. In some rare cases an item
may be purchased and the product is unavailable. If that does occur we will contact you regarding
your order and provide you with options regarding the unavailability of the product. You agree
that an order may have to be canceled after an order confirmation has been received. In most
cases we are able to fulfill the order with a similar or better substitute.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Please see our separately stated
Privacy Policy which applies to this
web site.
Disclaimer of Warranty
Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. does not warrant or represent that the content at the Web site is accurate,
or that the Web site's operation will be error free or uninterrupted, or that it will be free of viruses
or other harmful components. You use the Web site at your own risk. Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. does
not warrant that your use of materials displayed on this Web site will not infringe rights of third
parties not owned by or affiliated with Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc.. Information published at this Web
site may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Web site is provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any kind, either express or
implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or non-infringement. Some jurisdictions may not allow exclusion of implied warranties,
so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Neither Pinemeadow Golf nor any third party involved in creating or delivering the Web site will be liable
under any theory (including negligence) for any incidental, consequential, indirect, special, or punitive
damages arising out of your access to or use of the Web site, even if Pinemeadow Golf has been advised of
the possibility of such damages.
Other Terms and Conditions
Pinemeadow Golf Products, Inc. controls and operates this Web site from Wilsonville, Oregon, United States of
America and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate for use in other locations. If you
use this Web site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These
Terms and Conditions of Use will be governed by the laws of the State of Oregon, as applied to contracts
entered into between Oregon residents and performed in Oregon. Any dispute arising out of these Terms and
Conditions of Use or your use of the Web site will be heard only in the state or federal courts located in
Clackamas County, Oregon, USA, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such
courts.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held to be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and
enforceability of the remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions of Use state the entire agreement
between the parties relating to use of the Web site. The Terms and Conditions of Use may not be amended
except as provided above.