http://www.trollandtoad.com/conditionsOfUse
Conditions of Use
Welcome to Troll And Toad. If you visit or shop at our website, you accept these conditions as listed below. Please examine them carefully.Privacy & Security NoticePlease review our Privacy & Security Notice, which also governs your visit to Troll and Toad, to understand our practices.CopyrightAll content on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is property of Webbed Sphere Inc. dba TrollAndToad.com and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Troll and Toad and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Troll and Toad or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.Copyright ProblemsTroll and Toad respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please visit our Contact Us page.License & Web Site AccessTroll and Toad grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Troll and Toad. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Troll and Toad. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Troll and Toad's website and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Troll and Toad's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Troll and Toad. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Troll and Toad. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Troll and Toad as long as the link does not portray Troll and Toad, its products or its services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Troll and Toad logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.Your AccountBy using this site, you take responsibility for the safety of your password and using it on our Web site. You agree to take responsibility for any activity that takes place under your account or password. Troll and Toad does sell products useable by children, but its does not sell to children. It will sell to adults who buy on behalf of children. If you are under 18, you may only use our Web site with the consent and overview of a parent or guardian. Troll and Toad reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.Articles, Reviews, Comments, E-mail & Other Web site ContentVisitors to our Web site may post reviews, comments, and other content; send e-mail; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing on the intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead our other visitors. Troll and Toad reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, for that or any other reason as we see fit, but does not regularly review all posted content.If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Troll and Toad a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Troll and Toad the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if we so choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Troll and Toad for all claims resulting from content you supply. Troll and Toad has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Troll and Toad takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.LinksTroll and Toad may provide links to other Web sites. We do not guarantee anything relating to these Web sites, including their fitness for any particular purpose, nor guarantee their offerings, their honesty or their content.Risk of LossAll product purchased from Troll and Toad is made based on our contracts with our shippers. This means that the risk of loss and title pass to you when the product is accepted by the shipping carrier.The exception to this is if the order is paid for by Visa or MasterCard. In that case, the Risk of Loss does not transfer until you have received the product from the shipper.Force MajeureNeither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performance under this Agreement (other than for delay in the payment of money due and payable hereunder) to the extent said failures or delays are proximately caused by causes beyond that party's reasonable control and occurring without its fault or negligence, including, without limitation, failure of suppliers, subcontractors, and carriers, acts of civil or military authorities, national emergencies, fire, flood, acts of God, insurrection, and war, provided the party involving this Section immediately provides notice thereof to the other and does everything reasonably possible to resume its performance thereunder. Dates by which performance obligations are scheduled to be met will be extended for a period of time equal to the time lost due to any delay so caused.Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of LiabilityThis site is provided by Troll and Toad on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Troll and Toad makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Troll and Toad disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Troll and Toad does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Troll and Toad are free of viruses or other harmful components. Troll and Toad will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.Certain state laws do not allow limitation on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.Product DescriptionsTrollAndToad.com attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, TrollAndToad.com does not warrant that products descriptions, quantities in stock, prices or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. If a product is offered by TrollAndToad.com and is not as described by the site, your sole remedy is to return it in used condition.Returns PolicyWe allow returns on all products purchased on our website, to be returned within 30 days, except as follows:Any product may be returned within 30 days of the shipment date for a full refund as long as it is returned in the same condition as it was received. You must fill out a return authorization form, and return the item within 7 days of its arrival.We pay for the return shipping if we made an error, you pay if you ordered the wrong item or simply are returning a no longer wanted item.The refund will be issued within 3-7 business days of the return of the product.If the product is received back in altered condition (e.g. a sealed board game opened, a booster pack opened, a crease on a near-mint roleplaying book etc.), then it will be treated as a sale to us of a used item, not as a return, and your credit will depend on what we would normally pay for that used product (if any).If you have purchased a factory sealed item that is missing pieces, parts, instructions, etc., please let us know and we will contact the manufacturer to obtain replacement pieces.To do your return, click here and print out a copy of our return form. Then follow the instructions.PricesPrice information published in catalogues, bulletins, price lists or on this site is not a definite quotation or offer to sell. All prices are listed in U.S. dollars. TrollAndToad.com cannot confirm the price of an item until you order.Applicable LawBy visiting Troll and Toad, you agree that the laws of the state of Kentucky, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Troll and Toad.Our Web Site PoliciesPlease review our other policies, including our Privacy & Security Notice posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Troll and Toad. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, those particular conditions shall be deemed severe and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining conditions.Custom DutiesWhen an order is shipped to you per your instructions, it is possible that the government of the country you requested the order shipped to, may charge fees, custom duties or other taxes on these goods. The entire responsibility of such fees, duties or taxes is the responsibility of the buyer. If we, the shipper, are charged any such fees, we will charge you, in turn, for those fees. This applies even if you, the buyer, choose not to accept the shipment.Returned OrdersIf an order is returned to us, due to our failure to put an accurate address, because we have instructed you to refuse this order, because we have shipped the wrong items, or because we asked the shipping company to return the order, then our company is entirely responsible for the shipping charges, both to and from you, the buyer. Otherwise, the shipping costs, both to and from, are your responsibility and any charges made to us will, in turn, be charged to you.Don't like the new look?Please sign in to leave feedback about our new site.
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience.
By continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy.
AGREE
X