https://www.mindperk.com/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerCustomer Service
Checkout
View Cart
Search this websiteProducts
Books
Audio CDs
MP3 Downloads
DVD Videos
Packages
Categories
Attitude
Communication
Customer Service
Goals
Inspiration
Leadership
Mind Development
Motivation
Relationships
Sales Training
Time Management
Authors
All Authors
Anthony Robbins
Brian Tracy
Dale Carnegie
Dr. Lloyd Glauberman
Joel Weldon
Og Mandino
Patricia Fripp
Stephen R. Covey
Taylor Hartman Ph.D.
Zig Ziglar
VIEW ALL AUTHORS
Specials
Special Discounts
Articles
Articles
One Minute Motivators
One Minute Sales Clinic
Motivational Quotes
Contact
Home | Privacy & Use PolicyInternal Use – Personal Information
When you purchase a product from us we ask you to provide your name, email address, shipping address, credit card information, and billing address. All of this information is vital in that it allows us to process and fulfill your order. Without it, we’d be unable to get you the products you wanted. This information is temporarily stored on our secure server for 6 months, after which it is archived in a secure offline location. For your protection, credit card numbers are encrypted on our server and removed after 30 days. No credit card numbers are ever sent via email, and no security numbers are stored on our server.
As a courtesy to our customers, we maintain a record of your purchases with us. These offline records are archived to a secure location every 3 years. Your name and address may be disclosed to a shipping company (UPS, USPS, FedEx, etc.) or supplier for direct shipment of items you ordered.  Limited transaction data is sent to Google and other advertising suppliers and affiliates for add conversion tracking.  This information is limited to the order number, date, products ordered, and total price.  No personally identifiable information is disclosed. Otherwise, no outside third party is ever given access to your information. We do not sell or transfer your personal contact information, such as phone number or email address, to marketing companies or any other third party.
From time to time we send out newsletters or carry out promotional events such as sales, special offerings, bonus ‘gifts’, etc. We like to offer these to our existing and preferred customers first. To do so we might send our customers a newsletter or email notification of the event taking place.
If you wish to be permanently removed from this list, click HERE to request that your name be removed.
Demographic Data
We regularly examine our sales and market information based on our customers’ purchases. We use this information to be certain we are offering the right products at the right time. We like to understand what regions of the country buy more products from us, what products are the most popular, and how our business is doing. This information is not linked to a specific customer: no names, addresses or credit card information are used or released.
Cookies
We do employ a cookie (a cookie is a piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server, and stored on your hard drive) on our site for the sole purpose of site traffic tracking. The cookie allows us to know if you have visited our site before or if you are a first time visitor. Should you want to avoid having a cookie attached, be sure to set your browser to refuse all cookies.
Security
At MindPerk, the safety and security of your online transaction is our top priority. Once you place your order, the order is then encrypted on our secure Apache web server to insure your privacy. Our check-out pages use 128 bit SSL to encrypt your personal data for transmission over the Internet. No credit card information is ever sent via email, and no security numbers are stored on our server.
This privacy policy may be modified at any time without notice. Please check back for updates or modifications.
sidebarPage Sidebar
Shopping Cart
Featured Products
7 Habits of Highly Effective People - DVD
$29.95 $19.97
Asking Questions, Winning Sales - audio CD or MP3
$9.97 – $14.97
MindWalking - audio CD or MP3
$27.00
Predictable Results in Unpredictable Times - audio CD or MP3
$9.92 – $9.97
6 Most Important Decisions You'll Ever Make - audio CD or MP3
$8.73 – $23.87
Organizing Your Life & Getting Rid of Clutter - audio CDs
$17.95 $13.47
Creativity & Innovation - DVD
$149.95 $89.97
Stress Management for Professionals - audio CD or MP3
$39.97 – $53.97
Developing a Customer Retention Program - DVD
$199.95 $119.97
Fine Art of Small Talk - audio CDs
$17.95 $15.22
Great Work Great Career - audio CD or MP3
$3.99 – $9.92
Memory Power - audio CD or MP3
$8.97 – $13.47
Color Code - audio CD or MP3
$29.97 – $39.97
How to Give Exceptional Customer Service 2000 - DVD
$299.95 $179.97
Project Management - DVD
$249.95 $199.95
FooterFollow MindPerk
Start Here
Free Newsletter
About Us
Testimonials
Terms of Use
Calculate Shipping
Download Instructions
View Shopping Cart
Return Policy
Privacy & Security
Contact 801-943-3590
Contact@MindPerk.com