http://www.nottinghill-usa.com/privacy
Welcome
Products
Products
Catalog
Product Info
What's New
Christmas Ornaments
About Us
Our Story
Testimonials
Blog
MADE IN USA
FAQ
Press Room
In the News
In the Media
Press Releases
Contact
Contact
Email Sign Up
Establish Account
Privacy Policy
Notting Hill Privacy PolicyNotting Hill is dedicated to supporting our customers, whether you buy from us now or are researching for future projects. We want you to feel free to contact us at any time. To that end, we want to reassure you that Notting Hill does not sell or lease your information so you can be sure your information is kept private. Requesting our free catalog, signing up for emails, establishing an account or calling us with questions carries no obligation to buy. We may contact you on occasion via phone or email to follow up on your interest. We may periodically send emails and communicate through social media channels. If you would like to unsubscribe from our emails at any time please email us at cs@nottinghill-usa.com, or select the unsubscribe option within each email. If you wish to contact us you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name, address, and telephone number). Whenever you provide personal information, we undertake to treat that information in accordance with this policy.Submitting Personal InformationWhen you supply personal information to Notting Hill, we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that information. In addition, we have to collect the information fairly.Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe only use personal information to deal with inquiries, consultations and for providing services and literature.We may disclose personal data to our consultants, and representatives to do these things on our behalf, including but not limited to credit card processing companies during sales, shipping companies for delivery addresses, etc., but this is as it relates to your specific transaction and all information is used only for that purpose at that time. We do not sell personal information to any third parties. We do not share personal information with any third parties other than those mentioned above unless they agree to protect the privacy of personal information in the same manner we do or we are required by law to disclose the information.Direct MarketingFrom time to time we may wish to provide you with details of other services or literature about the products available from Notting Hill. You may opt out of any or all of these if you choose. Users under age 18If you are under 18 years of age, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to Notting Hill on its website or by other means.Security of Personal InformationWe share the general concern over the safety and security of personal information on the Internet and have implemented procedures to promote the safety and security of information we collect online. We have implemented industry standard controls to try to ensure confidentiality; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.CookiesCookies are text files, which identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. We use an external agent to analyze usage behavior on our behalf. To enable this, we use a 'unique visitor cookie' to obtain information about your use of our site, such as whether you have visited our site more than once and how you found us.UnsubscribeIf you would like to unsubscribe from our emails, email us at cs@nottinghill-usa.com.