https://www.craftyarts.co.uk/security-privacy-i4
X
We use cookies to improve your experience of this website, find out more, or simply continue using the site
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Business As Usual
- COVID-19 UPDATE
Free Delivery
on orders over £40*
Award Winning
customer care
Click & Collect
in store
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyCrafty Arts (“we / us”) understand that your personal data is private to you and are protective of what is collected and how it is used. The data that Crafty Arts collects is only collected to fulfil your orders correctly or tailor a personalised shopping experience to our users. All data is stored in accordance with Data Protection Act 1998 and the data is used in way set out in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”)Your RightsWhenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent. You can withdraw consent by;Clicking “Unsubscribe” on any marketing emailsCrafty Arts will continue to send emails to you that are in direct reference to an order made on our website and any account management that must be done on your account for as long as the account remains active on our website.Crafty Arts will not use these emails to directly or indirectly market to you if consent has been withdrawn.These order or account emails are in accordance with contract of sale, and if you wish to no longer receive order emails from us, we ask that you contact us directly.•    Contacting us via email•    Contact us via telephone•    Contact us via mailAlthough Crafty Arts is active on most social media platforms, as a rule, we do not engage in customer account, consent acceptance & withdrawal or account management queries via these platforms as these platforms are not owned by ourselves and we cannot be held liable for any communication or data that is unencrypted on these platforms. You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal data at any time and under GDPR, this request is free of charge. If a request is made, we will provide any and all information applicable to your request. We ask that you put your request in writing and send this to: Data Controller, Crafty Arts Ltd, Creative House, Bryant Avenue, Romford, Essex, RM3 0APData Protection Act 1998 (‘the Act’)We are registered under the Data Protection Act and comply with the Act in all our dealings with your personal data. What Crafty Arts May CollectWhen you shop at Crafty Arts Limited, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as, but not limited to;NameEmail AddressBilling addressDelivery addressTelephone numberProduct selectionsCredit card or other payment information*An account password*All payment information is captured securely and details of this are noted further down in the PolicyWe may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (e.g the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). Please be aware this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service, or be used to present you with Crafty Arts Limited products which are relevant to your browsing history when you visit other websites. In using this site, you are consenting to us doing so.You can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself.  If, however, you use our site you will need to register and you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details.  We will store this data securely and how we store this can be found further down in the Policy.How Crafty Arts May Use Your DataCrafty Arts collection of personal data is used in a variety of way such as, but not limited to; To register you with our website and to administer it.For assessment and analysis, such as; marketing, customer and product analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services and products.To help tailor an enhanced and personalised shopping experience.Issue a unique identifier. (e.g. customer login)Monitor customer account status beyond that required for individual purchases.Sending service messages and handling any complaints, queries or customer communication.Internal record keepingTo only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposesIf you do not want us to use data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, contact us directly at sales@craftyarts.co.ukDisclosure of DataWe do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment process. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.We may disclose your personal information to third parties:In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we might disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller.If we are under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with or meet any legal obligation.You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so.Third Party ServicesWe may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, Account management, payment handling, online booking services, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing.  The providers of such services may have access to certain Personal Data provided by Users of Our Site.  Any Personal Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that we request unless otherwise indicated in their privacy policy if provided to you, or through their online process.  Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited.  Use of CookiesWe collect information directly from you in a number of ways.  One way is through our use of ‘cookies’.  Most websites use cookies in order to make them work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.  They help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout, content and function of the site.  Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit.  They save and retrieve pieces of information about your visit to the website – for example, how you entered the site, how you navigated through the site and what information and documentation was of interest to you.  This means that when you go back to a website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about you on your last visit. You can view our complete and comprehensive cookie policy here: https://www.craftyarts.co.uk/cookies To find out more about cookies, including seeing what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, please leave this site immediately and then delete and block all cookies from this site.  Alternatively, you may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone or post.  Our phone number is 0207993579 or you can e-mail us (Click Here) and filling out the form.Electronic CorrespondenceIf a user has opted in to receiving electronic correspondence from Crafty Arts, our marketing emails include use of a tracking pixel. By opting in to receiving electronic marketing from Crafty Arts, the user is consenting to the use of tracking pixel.  A tracking pixel is used in the same way as cookies are used in web browsers. Tracking pixels are a normal part of electronic mail marketing and Crafty Arts use a tracking pixel to gather data on email activity such as, but not limited to, device, IP address, open time, link activity and website activity if a user clicks through to our website from our email. We use this information to create a better email marketing experience, help personalise emails and tailor a personalised shopping experience for all users who opt in to hear from us. If at any time a user wishes to no longer hear from us, or no longer consents to the terms of receiving electronic correspondence from us using this pixel, an unsubscribe link is found at the bottom of every email, and you can always contact us – we are happy to help. SecurityWe endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default. There are many areas in which we ensure data security and these measures are set out below;Transaction securityAll transaction information passed between merchant sites and Sage Pay’s systems is encrypted using 128-bit SSL certificates. No cardholder information is ever passed unencrypted and any messages sent to your servers from Sage Pay are signed using MD5 hashing to prevent tampering. You can be completely assured that nothing you pass to Sage Pay’s servers can be examined, used or modified by any third parties attempting to gain access to sensitive information.Encryption and Data StorageOnce on our systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards used by, among others, the US Government. The encryption keys are held on state-of-the-art, tamper proof systems in the same family as those used to secure VeriSign's Global Root certificate, making them all but impossible to extract. The data we hold is extremely secure and we are regularly audited by the banks and banking authorities to ensure it remains so.System securitySage Pay’s systems are scanned quarterly by Trustwave which are an independent Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) and an Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV) for the payment card brands.Sage pay is also audited annually under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) and is a fully approved Level 1 payment services provider, which is the highest level of compliance. We are also active members of the PCI Security Standards Council (SSC) that defines card industry global regulation.Please be aware this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service, or be used to present you with Crafty Arts Limited products which are relevant to your browsing history when you visit other websites.
Top