http://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/about-us
Help Topics
Holiday Shipping Information
US Deadlines
Canada Deadlines
International Deadlines
Shipping & Orders
Check Order Status
Shipping (US & Int'l)
Availability
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Digital Downloads
What are Digital Downloads?
Viewing and Printing
System Requirements
Troubleshooting Guide
FAQS
iPad Support
SMP Press
Account Help
Password Reset
Personal Accounts
School and Church Accounts
Purchase Orders
Easy Rebates
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Contact Us
Corporate Contacts
Policies
2+ Pricing
Returns
Low Price Guarantee
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
About Us
Memberships
Testimonials
Features
Gift Certificates
Music Lists
Teacher Resource Center
Level Guidelines
Karaoke Formats
Newsletter Options
Sheet Music Plus Blog
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: Notes
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: List of Basic Musical Symbols
SMP Press
About SMP Press
How to Publish with SMP Press
Legally Arrange Thousands of Copyrighted Songs with SMP Press
General Copyright Guidelines
Copyright Infringement Policy
Arrangements of Copyrighted Works
Arrangements of Public Domain Works
Original Compositions
Mechanical Rights
Commission & Payments
Email SMP Press
Help > About Us
About Us
We started Sheet Music Plus in 1997 to offer musicians a full spectrum of sheet music, with fast delivery and trained musicians offering customer service. Our 25,000 square foot warehouse can provide you with music from more than 1,000 publishers, including all major European publishers.
Sheet Music Plus features all styles of music, for every talent level and instrument. Whether you're a music teacher seeking instructional titles for your students or you're purchasing music for your band, orchestra or chorus, we have what you need.
By selling exclusively online, we can offer a huge music selection at unbeatable prices to customers worldwide. Over the past decade we've become one of the world's premier sheet music stores, thanks to our outstanding service and selection.
Some features that make our company stand out:
– Our customer service staff members are trained musicians, most with music degrees
– We provide in-depth item descriptions for all of our products, including "Look inside" images and sound clips for many products
– We publish user reviews so you can see comments and evaluations by fellow musicians
– We back each purchase with our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products, to assist with promotional and marketing efforts, to analyze our traffic and to provide content from third parties. You consent to our cookies and privacy policy if you continue to use this site. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept Cookies
Close X
By signing up you consent with the terms in our Privacy Policy
I am a music teacher.
Close X