http://www.woodirect.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Woodirect.com is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web sites as well as the privacy of our actual customers.
For visitors, we’ve structured our web site so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For customers, once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Woodirect.com.
What information do we collect from web site visitors?
When you visit our web site, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP’s domain, the time you accessed our web site, and the pages from within our web site that you visit.
We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer. We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
Our web server does not collect your e-mail address or aggregate information on what other pages on the Web you have accessed or visited.
How do we use this information?
The basic user information collected is for internal review and is then discarded. It is used only to improve the content of our site.
Note that our site provides links to products and services offered by other companies. This privacy policy only apples to our site, Woodirect.com, and you should refer to the individual privacy policies of any sites that you link to from our pages.
What information do we collect from customers?
When you make a purchase from Woodirect.com, you provide us with both contact and payment information. Contact information typically includes your name, address, and phone number. Payment information typically includes your credit card number.
While you are a Woodirect.com customer, we manage information with regard to your order status, choice of products, and order fulfillment. In addition, we may store customers’ electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the purchase and delivery of those products.
We use the contact information you provide us to fulfill your order or request for information, and make any after-sales follow-up necessary in the fulfillment of your order. We use payment information for payment processing purposes only.
Neither your contact information nor financial information is shared with any third parties.
Security
All transactions on our online store are encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Any shopper using a browser supporting the SSL protocol can shop with confidence, knowing that their credit card information is being sent safely and securely over the Internet. Nearly all current browsers support SSL.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Support Our Site