https://www.customcreationsunlimited.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Skip to content Wheaton Website ServicesJim King2020-09-04T07:02:19-05:00Wheaton Website Serviceswebsites that run flawlesslyOur Work
We ensure your website is technically designed, built and maintained to always run flawlessly and always be ready for your customers.E-Commerce WebsitesWe are e-commerce experts.Our founder has been selling online since 1997. He’s “been there and done that”, as the saying goes. We have experience across multiple platforms including Zen Cart, Shopify, Big Commerce and WooCommerce.Business WebsitesWe specialize in business websites.Selling a service is different than selling a product. Wheaton Website Services understands that. We build websites that fit your business goals and ensure they track your conversions.Our Clients Love UsI would like to thank Jim at Wheaton Website Services for his expertise at helping me troubleshoot and fix a problem that my other web guy said couldn’t be fixed. Not only did Jim fix it, he did so in about 5 minutes. He listens and understands situations very well. I recommend Wheaton Website Services very much. Saved my butt. Dave K., Guitar Player NailsGreat working with Wheaton Website Services. They know their stuff. Project started with one so called expert, but he couldn’t finish it. Then the next expert also failed. But Wheaton Website Services saved the day and was able to get it done!! Will work with them again for future projects. Richard S.While we worked with Jim to redesign the website, he brought very good ideas and templates for our consideration. He was always great at considering our suggestions while designing the site, and was able to customize elements to the ideas, images and information we wanted to convey.We are very pleased with our new website, and would recommend Jim for others that are interested in having a site tailored to their values and the message they wish to convey. Timothy Berneche, Berneche2 ArchitectsJim was very helpful taking the lead on a major upgrade of our site. He converted the 30,000+ items to the new database. Jim set my mind at ease with the transition to the new site, which was painless.Jim is certainly the authority Zencart. He is my first and only choice when I have questions and need help. My days of endless google searches are over. Wayne Higgins, Tomorrows TreasuresWould give Wheaton Website Services a 6 if the scale went that high. We had a large project updating our Zen Cart website. They were always highly responsive to questions and problems. We use to use overseas providers but decided it was worth the small difference in rate to have a US programmer. Difference was like night and day and worth every cent. Same time zones, speaking the same language, priceless. You will not be disappointed with Wheaton Website Services. Steve S.Mobile FirstWe build websites with mobile first in mind. Google indexes only your mobile website. Visitors most often see your mobile website first. And first impressions will determine if they ever visit a second time.Conversion TrackingAnalytics and conversion tracking well ensure you know where your customers are coming from, what marketing programs are effective and which are wasting your money.100% SecureWe only build secure websites. Your customers expect it and search engines will rank you higher for it.
Go to Top