https://www.gautoparts.com/policies
Home
>
Policies
Policies
Privacy Policy
Guaranteed Auto Parts understands the importance of maintaining our customers privacy online. In a time of spam e-mail, and credit card fraud we understand our customers have the right to know how personal information is handled.
What information does Guaranteed Auto Parts need from me?
When placing an order on this or any other site certain information is needed to process the order. Your name and billing address associated with the credit card you are using, your credit card information, e-mail address and shipping address.
Why do you need more than one address from me?
In most cases Guaranteed Auto Parts only needs one address, as long as your order is shipping to the same location as your billing information. In order to eliminate credit card fraud your billing information must match the credit card you provide.
Will my e-mail address be given out?
Guaranteed Auto Parts does not sell or give out any personal information including your e-mail address to any third-parties. The information you provide to us, stays with us. Guaranteed Auto Parts will send out newsletters and we will use your e-mail address to keep you informed on new products and specials. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter you may opt out or unsubscribe at anytime.
Is it safe to type in my credit card information?
Yes. Guaranteed Auto Parts uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to encrypt your information.  When you click on the Check Out button you will notice the browser change from http:// to https://. Depending on your browser you may also have a box appear stating you are about to view information over a secure connection.
When is my credit card charged?
Guaranteed Auto Parts charges your credit card at the time your product is ready to ship. The exception to this is Google Checkout and PayPal orders placed online, they will be charged when you place your order.
When using this website, you are subject to the terms in this privacy policy.  We will keep your information confidential and secure.  Please e-mail us with any questions or comments about this policy.
Shipping Policy
Guaranteed Auto Parts ship with several different carriers, though 90% of our products are shipped via UPS. Guaranteed Auto Parts reserves the right to ship with any carrier we choose. If you would like a certain carrier, please contact us and we will let you know if it is possible and give you a price quote. Guaranteed Auto Parts only ships to the 50 U.S. States and Canada. In the event that you, the customer, places an order to an International address not listed above, Guaranteed Auto Parts reserves the right to cancel your order and issue a full refund.
When will my product be shipped out?
Most products ordered will ship within 1-2 business days, some exceptions may include back ordered and/or direct ship items.
Orders are shipped out within 1-2 business days of the order date unless back ordered or drop shipped from the manufacturer. If an order needs to be drop shipped or is back ordered, shipping time can take much longer. If this occurs, we will notify you immediately.
How long will it take to receive my product?
If the product is in stock most orders are received within 1-4 business days depending on your location. Non-stock, special order and out of stock items may take 1-2 weeks to be received. If you need a product within a specific amount of time, please choose the appropriate shipping method or contact us to check inventory and/or make shipping arrangements.
Free Shipping over $100.00.
Guaranteed Auto Parts's free shipping is available on online purchases totaling $100.00 or greater. This free shipping offer is good only to U.S addresses within the 48 contiguous states, which excludes Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. We reserve the right to use the carrier of our choice.
This offer does not apply to truck freight items.
APO/FPO Shipping (Military Address)
Guaranteed Auto Parts CANNOT ship orders directly to an APO or FPO. As an option, you may want to consider shipping to a stateside street address and then sending the package to the APO/FPO address overseas via the US Postal Service.
Guaranteed Auto Parts reserves the right to change this policy at any time.
Warranty
Guaranteed Auto Parts does not manufacture any of the products we carry and therefore do not imply nor offer any warranty on them. All product warranties if any, implied have been done so at the discretion of the manufacturer. If you need warranty assistance on any product you've purchased, please contact the manufacturer directly.
Satisfaction Guarantee
Guaranteed Auto Parts would like you to shop with confidence. Your complete satisfaction is our number one goal. If, for any reason, you are not satisfied with your purchase, just return the item within 30 days from the date it was received for an exchange, store credit, or credit depending on the products condition. (Shipping and handling charges are not refundable). See complete return policy below.
Payment Policies
Payment methods accepted
Guaranteed Auto Parts accepts Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal®. We also accept debit cards with the Visa or MasterCard logo.
Coupon Codes
Coupon codes must be entered at time of check out at the bottom of the cart page.  Accepted valid coupons will then show in the cart and cart totals.  Coupons not entered in this way cannot be honored.
Gift Certificates
Gift Certificates must be entered at time of check out at the bottom of the cart page.  Enter the gift certificate code in the proper box and then click apply.  Any available balance on the gift card will be applied to the cart.  If the cart total is less than the gift certificate the balance with be left on the gift certificate.  If the cart value is greater that the gift certificate balance then the balance of the cart will have to be paid by one of the above methods or an additional gift certificate.
Return & Exchange Policies
A RMA (Return Authorization Number) is required, and must be written on the outside shipping carton. Complete this form to obtain a Return Authorization Number and return shipment instructions.
Return Policy
Returns must be packaged securely in an outer carton.
Do not write on the product packaging itself. Write only on the outer shipping carton.
Packages received without a Return Authorization Number written clearly on the outer carton will be refused.
Returnable items must be received by GUARANTEED AUTO PARTS within 30 calendar days of the product being received by you the customer. (Determined by Tracking info)
Returned product must be in new, re-saleable condition, with all original boxes, packaging, parts, cables, manuals, etc.
Upon receipt, all returns will be inspected, and, at our discretion, credit may be refused or a restocking fee of 5%-15% may be assessed.
Original shipping charges will not be refunded.
Customer is responsible for shipping costs incurred to return products.
Some Circumstances in which credit will not be issued, but not limited to:
Product has been installed and/or used.
Product has been damaged from an attempt to be installed and/or used.
Product is shipped back without original box, manual and/or parts.
Seal on electrical parts is broken.
Product serial number does not match that of which was originally shipped to buyer.
Product is deemed not resalable by Guaranteed Auto Parts due to customers own actions in dealing with the product.
Product is a nonreturnable item, which includes but not limited to: Clutches, Lift Kits, Transmissions, Tires, Wheels
Product is a Special Order item.
Shipments refused by you the customer and returned back to GUARANTEED AUTO PARTS will carry an automatic 10% restocking fee deducted from the total credit owed.
Credit can be in the form of: store credit, gift card, and/or refund.
Receive a Incorrect or Damaged item?
If an item is received damaged or is incorrectly shipped by us please contact Customer Support immediately.
Discount Codes
Percentage off discount code offers excludes the following manufacturers:
ATS Diesel, CFM+, Diablo Sport, Edge Products, FASS Fuel, GiftCards, Hypertech, H&S Performance, Mag-Hytec, MADS Smarty, Nitto Tires, Pureflow, Quadzilla, S&B Filters, Superchips.
Percentage off discount code offers are not valid with any other discount codes.
Select your Make
Close×