http://www.sandreababyquilts.com/privacy
Product Search|Checkout|Home|Track Your Order|Login|Wish List
Search by Keyword
Search
Home
Patterns
Blankets
Handmade
Claire Bella
Quilt Kits
Panel Quilt Kits
Pieced Quilt Kits
Handmade
Panel Quilts
Pieced Quilts
Fabric & Panels
Quilting Supplies
Scissors
Needles
Maxi-Lock Thread
All Purpose Thread
Hand Quilting Thread
Custom Orders
FAQ's
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Privacy Policy
Links
Testimonials
Policies
Articles
Common Mistakes
How to Quilt a Random Pattern Baby Quilt
Quilt Binding
Quilting Fabric
How to “Put a Quilt On” Using Quilting Frames
How to “Put a Quilt On” Using a Hoop
How to Quilt – For Beginners
How to Applique
More Than One Baby
Site Map
Gallery
Cart Review
Order Tracking
Wish List
Pattern Download
Registration
What's New
New Fabric & Panels
New Kits
New Handmade Quilts
On Sale
We can be reached via e-mail at: andrea@sandreababyquilts.com
Privacy Statement
We want our customers to feel safe on our website.  We will never use your personal information to send spam or junk mail.  We will also not share your information with anyone except for whom we are required to process your payment over a secure connection.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.  Personal information collected may be transferred and shared in the event of a sale of this website.
Home | Baby Quilt Pattern Adorable Baby Blankets | Baby Quilt Kits Handmade Baby Quilts | FAQ | About Us Contact Us | Shipping | Privacy Policy Links | Policies | Site Map
Copyright © 2007-2015 A.J. Hunter Tremonton, Utah - All rights reserved worldwide
andrea@sandreababyquilts.com
Shopping Basket
Items:
0
Subtotal:
$0.00
Note: All prices in US Dollars
Specials
Sort By:
Name - Ascending
Name - Descending
Price - Ascending
Price - Descending
SKU - Ascending
SKU - Descending
1" White Ruffled Eyelet Lace Trim by the Yard
Price
$0.89
Bears & Bunnies 35" x 44" Baby Blanket
Price
$24.95
Color Ball Pins 350 Ct. 1 1/4" C105
Price
$8.95
Frozen Olaf No Sew Fleece Blanket Kit
Sale Price
$14.95
Lil' Cowgirl 35" x 44" Baby Blanket
Price
$24.95