http://www.krsaddleshop.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy - King Ranch Saddle Shop
Privacy Policy User Agreement PolicyKing Ranch Saddle Shop wants you to know that whether you're ordering online, or just browsing, your privacy is very important to us.When visiting King Ranch Saddle Shop Online, our server collects only the domain name and user specific information on the pages you access or visit. This information is collected as well as your e-mail address, if you e-mail us. We also collect any information you volunteer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. Any information that we gather is used to improve the content of our Web Site and notify you about current King Ranch Saddle Shop products, services and events. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails or email information from us, please e-mail, stating that you are not interested in receiving these notifications. We do not share e-mail addresses with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your telephone number online, you will be contacted by phone only if there is a question regarding an order you've placed online. We will not call you for promotional purposes, or share your telephone number with other companies.If you supply us with a mailing address online when ordering a product or requesting a catalog, you will be put into our customer file and may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you would rather not receive such mailings, please email or write to us at the address below. Please include your exact name, mailing address, and state that you prefer not to receive mailings from King Ranch Saddle Shop. Occasionally, we make our customer postal mailing lists available to a carefully screened group of organizations whose products may be of interest to you. If you are not interested in receiving such information, please e-mail or write to us at the address below. Please include your exact name and mailing address and state that you prefer not to receive other companies' mailings. Our Mailing Address: King Ranch Saddle Shop P.O. Box 1594 Kingsville, TX 78364-1594
We can be reached via e-mail at krsaddleshop@king-ranch.com Website SecurityThe King Ranch Saddle Shop takes your concerns about the security of online ordering very seriously. We've put many safeguards into our electronic store so that you can enjoy your shopping experience and make purchases without having to worry about the safety of credit card transactions. Our secure shopping system is made up of three layers. The first layer, "Safe Technology", is the most visible to you. Our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is an industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. Using RSA key technology, our web server is stable and secure, so you can shop via the web without worry and without risk. We encrypt all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. The second layer, our "Firewall", works behind the scenes. We protect all of your private information, including your order, behind a network security system. Only our own staff has access to this information, and then only enough to service your order. As a final precaution, we authorize all credit card transactions through the same private channel that we use for traditional phone, fax, or mail orders. If you have any questions about our security system, please Contact Us. We may also collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the Website through the use of trusted third-party partners. These partners may also combine your email information with other information they have access to such as a mailing address so that we may serve relevant marketing offers to you via email and direct mail. If you do not want us to collect information about you, please contact us at 1-877-282-5777 or email krsaddleshop@king-ranch.com to opt out.How we share your information:The information that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information may also be shared with other marketers to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer not to share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at krsaddleshop@king-ranch.com.