https://www.thingswebuy.com/privacy-policy
(800) 393-5532
My Account
How to sell
What we buy
Jewelry
Tiffany
Cartier
Designer Jewelry
Diamonds
Wedding Rings
Engagement Rings
Diamond jewelry
Watches
Rolex
Luxury Watches
Why us
Faqs
General FAQs
Fine Jewelry FAQs
Diamond FAQs
Watch FAQs
Contact us
My Account
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 08/2017
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and Conditions posted on RecyclePlatinum.com ("Our Website"), shall be legally binding on all customers who access Our Website and shall inure to the benefit of Beyond79, LLC d/b/a RecyclePlatinum.com ("Company", "We", or "Our") and Company's successors and assigns.
We respect Internet users' concerns about the privacy of their personal information. Therefore, We have created this Privacy Policy to explain Our practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal and non-personal information provided by recipients of Our marketing messages and visitors to Our Website.
Collection of Information
We collect personal information from visitors to Our Website when they voluntarily provide it to us by (1) completing the Appraisal Kit request form on Our Website, (2) electing to use one of our services, or (3) contacting us (including Our webmaster, customer service representatives, or other employees) by email or phone. As part of these activities, We may ask individuals to provide us with information including, but not limited to, name, physical address, email address, telephone number, and demographic information.
As part of the standard operation of Our Website and the web pages that you access via hyperlinks in Our online marketing campaigns ("Other Web Pages"), We may collect certain non-personal information from visitors including, but not limited to, their browser type (e.g., Chrome, Safari or Internet Explorer), operating system (e.g., Windows, Mac OS X), IP address, and the domain name from which they accessed the site. In addition, We may collect information about visitors' browsing behavior, such as the date and time they visit Our Website or Other Web Pages, the areas or pages of Our Website and Other Web Pages that they visit, the amount of time spent viewing Our Website and Other Web Pages, the number of times the visitor returns to Our Website and Other Web Pages, and other click-stream data.
We may use cookies (small text files that are stored on the hard drives of visitors computers when they access Our Website) to collect this information, which may be combined with visitors' personally identifiable information (such as your name, email address and IP address) to ensure that your user experience on Our Site is tailored to your preferences and allow you to sign in automatically without having to re-enter your password each time.
Third Party Cookies:
We may from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to Our Website to help us administer Our Website and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. We don't have access to these third party cookies. This privacy policy only governs the use of cookies by Our Website.
Interest-Based Online Advertising and Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics’ 3rd-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understand the behavior of Our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on other websites because We contract with Google and other similar companies to target Our ads based on information We or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means, such as cookies. These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on Our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of Our marketing efforts.
You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and edit or opt-out of your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. Because those opt-out and preference control pages are specific to the individual browser used to visit it, and because that page is not operated by Our Company, We are unable to perform the opt-outs on your behalf.
We may from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to Our Website to help us administer Our Website and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. We don't have access to these third party cookies. This privacy policy only governs the use of cookies by Our Website.
Choices about Cookies:
You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)
Updating Your Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire Our service, you may correct or update your information by emailing Our Customer Support Department at customerservice@RecyclePlatinum.com
or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the address listed below.
You may also edit your information by accessing the My Account page on Our Website.
Use of Information
The information collected from you is stored indefinitely and is used internally for various purposes, including processing your transactions, compliance with State laws, product and service development, marketing, and customizing your service selection to your particular interests. The information we collect may be shared with Our subsidiaries, agents, vendors, marketers, third party content providers, affiliates, and selected other entities for similar purposes.
Disclosure of Information
We do not share your personal information with any third parties for their promotional purposes.
All information collected from Our users is only shared with those employees, subsidiaries, agents, affiliates, and service providers who need access to provide you with a service. Disclosure of information may also be necessary to respond to warrants, subpoenas, court orders or other judicial processes, or to establish Our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
In addition, We may provide information to law enforcement agencies if requested or if We believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activity, suspected fraud, or violations of Our Terms and Conditions, as permitted by law.
Security
We use industry-accepted standards to protect your information, including SSL encryption when
transmitting sensitive information. We have implemented certain physical, encrypted, electronic,
and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Visitors should
consider any electronic communication that they transmit to us (such as data, questions or
answers, comments, suggestions, or other communications) to be non-confidential. While we take
every precaution to protect your information, we cannot guarantee 100% safety and highly
recommend being careful in the information you submit within emails. We will not be liable or
responsible if information that belongs to an individual is intercepted and used by an
unintended recipient, or is otherwise accessed and used without our written permission.
Opt-Out Policy
We offer visitors to Our Website the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. If you have used Our service but wish to stop receiving any future marketing communications from us, you may elect to unsubscribe within email communications that you receive from us or you may email an unsubscribe request to the Customer Support Team at customerservice@RecyclePlatinum.com.
We take all reasonable measures to ensure that your unsubscribe requests are fulfilled in a
timely manner. However, despite these precautions, there is always the chance that after you
unsubscribe you may receive additional communications from us that may have resulted from an
inadvertent technical or other processing error. If this happens, please notify us of those
communications by writing to RecyclePlatinum.com and we will take immediate steps to rectify the
situation.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information from users under 13.
Third Party Web Sites
Our Web site and Other Web Pages that are accessible through our online marketing campaigns may
contain links to other third party web sites (such as those of our advertisers), which may have
privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and
practices that take place on these web sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the
privacy policy posted on any web site that you may access through our Web site.
Business Transitions
In the event that Our Company or Website or any of its assets are acquired by a third party, your personally identifiable information would be one of the transferred assets. We shall notify you of such an event by prominent notice on Our site.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
There may be times when We need to amend, modify, remove, or change various aspects of this Privacy Policy, and We reserve the right to do so at Our discretion. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of Our current privacy practices. Your continued use of Our services following any changes signifies your acceptance of these changes.
I Further Agree To The Below Statement:
Even if I am on a National or State DO NOT CALL List, by requesting information and contact as
offered on our Sites inquiry form and submitting my contact information which may include my
telephone number, RecyclePlatinum.com and affiliates are authorized to contact me by telephone at that
number regarding services I have requested from RecyclePlatinum.com for the three (3) month period
following date of this consent.
Questions About This Statement:
Please direct any Privacy questions or concerns to us at the address or phone number below:
ThingsWeBuy.com
6421 Congress Ave, Suite 110
Boca Raton, FL 33487 USA
(800) 393-5532