http://www.elietahari.com/pages/legal-privacy
Skip to content
15% Off Your First Order
Subscribe to our email list and enjoy 15% off your next order on elietahari.com.
Subscribe
NEWCLOTHING
FEATURED
Holiday Gift Guide
Coats & Sweaters
Fall Shop
Lux Shop
Easy Separates
Weekend Escape
Date Night
Sporty Chic
Color Therapy
Elie's Favorite Blues
Work From Home Edit
Little Black Dress
The Silk Shop
READY TO WEAR
Dresses
Tops
Sweaters
Knits
Pants
Jackets & Blazers
Suits
Skirts
Coats
Face Masks
DRESSESWINTER SHOPHOLIDAY GIFT GUIDESALE
Account
Cart
Spend $250 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Elie Tahari, Ltd. ("ET") is committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals who utilize our site. Please read the following policy to understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you may provide to us via this website (the "Site"). This policy may be revised from time to time, so please revisit this page often to remain fully informed of our policies.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES ET COLLECT FROM YOU?
Via the Site, ET collects from you: (i) personally identifiable information, and (ii) technical and other information
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION -
General Site Visitors:When you browse the non-password protected portions of the Site, you do so anonymously; no personally identifiable information is collected.
Purchasers:If you choose to purchase any of our products via the Site, we request that you provide us at the time of such purchase your name, email address, mailing address, billing address, phone number and credit card information for such purposes as noted herein.
Subscribers:The Site permits you via our Sign Up form to subscribe to our mailing list to receive emails and other notifications regarding news, sales and events relating to our company and/or products. When you subscribe to our mailing list via the Site, you may be providing us with your name, email address, company name, mailing address and date or birth.
Contacting Us:The Site permits you to contact us via email. Whenever you send an email via an email link on the Site, you will be providing us with your name and email address and any information you choose to include in the text of your message. For example, you may choose to provide your mailing address, phone number or other information necessary or helpful for us to address your query or other concern.
Cookies:In common with many websites, we use "cookies" to help us gather and store information about visitors to our Site. A cookie is a small data file that our server sends to your browser when you visit the Site. The use of cookies helps us to assist your use of certain aspects of the Site. You can delete cookies at any time or you can set your browser to reject or disable cookies. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to the Site.
We may use information from cookies for the following purposes:
Traffic monitoring, for example, the IP address from which you access the Site, the type of browser and operating system used to access the site, the date and time of your access to the site, the pages you visit, and the Internet address of the website from which you accessed our Site;
To recognize repeat visitors for statistical/analytical purposes; or
Anonymous tracking of interaction with online advertising, for example, to monitor the number of times that a banner ad is displayed and the number of times it is clicked.
TECHNICAL AND OTHER INFORMATION -
While you are browsing the Site, we automatically log your IP address (a number assigned to your computer when you use the Internet) and your activity while using the Site. Additionally, in order to personalize and enhance your experience on the Site, we may also collect information through "cookies." Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by the Site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Site. We also use cookies to gather broad demographic information and to help identify you in respect to visits to the Site so that we may improve your user experience, and to determine whether you visited the Site from a particular Internet link or advertisement. While a code in the cookie file enables the Site to label you as a particular user, including identifying you by name, address, or other personally identifiable information, such cookie files are encrypted in order to protect your information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of the Site.
PRIVACY POLICY
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU
We collect, retain and use personally identifiable information from you on the Site by expressly requesting it from you (i) when you register for our mailing list, (ii) when you request information from us via email and (ii) at the time you purchase products through the Site.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Our Use of Information: We collect, retain, and use your personally identifiable information for legitimate business purposes only, including without limitation the following: to facilitate the sale of our products to purchasers; to operate or improve the Site; to respond to an inquiry from you or address a request submitted by you (including contacting you directly to request additional information to process your inquiry or request); to contact you and to provide you information regarding ET and/or our business partners and affiliates; to correspond with you regarding the Site or our products; to inform you of developments in our company or about products that we believe may be of interest; to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage; to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, and requests of relevant law enforcement and/or other governmental agencies; to enforce our Terms of Use; and/or to protect the rights, property, or safety of ET, our users, and others.
Sharing Information:We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. We share your information only with our affiliates or service providers or as otherwise described herein in order to provide you with our products and/or services. Also, we may share in aggregate, statistical form, non-personal information regarding the visitors to the Site, traffic patterns, and Site usage with our partners, affiliates or advertisers. In addition, we will disclose information we maintain, including personally identifiable information, when required to do so by law, or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority.
Product Purchases:If you choose to purchase products available via the Site, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information to PayPal or other third party online payment services providers for the purpose of facilitating the payment for your purchase. The privacy of such information is subject to the privacy policies and procedures of PayPal or such other third party online payment services providers.
MODIFICATIONS
We strive to maintain the accuracy of any personally identifiable information that may be collected from you, and will use our commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to update our database when you tell us the information in our database is not accurate. It is your responsibility to ensure that such information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may obtain from us, by email, the information in our records. If you wish to make any changes to any personally identifiable information you have provided to us, you may do so at any time by logging onto your account via the My Account section of the Site and updating your information, or by contacting us at customerservice@elietahari.com.
MAILING LISTS
When you register as a customer of ET or make a purchase via the Site, you will be automatically subscribed (at no charge) to our mailing list. We may periodically send to you newsletters, publications, notifications of events, links to our affiliates, and other information regarding ET and our products.
OPT OUT
You may opt out of receiving materials or other communications from us and our affiliates by following the opt-out link provided in any email received or by contacting us via email at customerservice@elietahari.com.
CONSEQUENCES OF NOT PROVIDING INFORMATION
You may choose not to provide us with your personally identifiable information. However, choosing not to provide certain requested personally identifiable information may prevent you from accessing and taking advantage of certain products and/or services offered by ET.
CHILDREN
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R. §§ 312.1-312.12, we do not permit children under 13 years of age to purchase products via the Site or to become registered customers of the Site, and we do not collect information from children. By using the Site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
ET may reference or provide links to third party websites. We are not responsible for the third party websites, and you should review the privacy policies posted on such sites. Please be aware that ET does not control, nor are we responsible for, the privacy policies or information practices of third parties or their websites.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Because security is important to both ET and you, we will always make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. If you are a registered customer, you should not share your password with anyone. In addition, if you suspect unauthorized access to your information, it is your responsibility to contact ET immediately. Please be aware that Internet data transmission is not always secure and we cannot warrant that information you transmit utilizing the Site is secure.
BUSINESS TRANSFER
ET may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of its assets to a third party. Your personally identifiable information and/or technical information we obtain from you via the Site may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets and/or may be among those assets transferred.
CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, we will identify the categories of information shared, if any, and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, as well as their addresses. If you want to submit such a written request, please submit it to the address below under "Questions".
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
This Privacy Statement is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the ET Terms of Use. By using the Site and voluntarily providing your personally identifiable information to us, you consent to the collection and use of such personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Site.
In addition, if you are a resident of a country within the European Union, by using this Site and providing us your personally identifiable information you explicitly acknowledge and agree to (i) the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States and (ii) the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
EFFECTIVENESS
This Privacy Statement is effective as of September 16, 2013. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. In the event we modify this Privacy Statement, your continued use of the Site will signify your acceptance of the modified Privacy Statement.
QUESTIONS?
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to customerservice@elietahari.com. ET may also be contacted directly at the following address and phone number:
Elie Tahari, Ltd.501 Fifth Avenue2nd FloorNew York NY 10017Phone: (212) 763-2000