http://www.ecobre.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policyadmin7510232018-07-23T02:32:13-07:00
Privacy Policy
Cobre Copper/Susan Hebert Imports is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we collect from customers, how we collect it, and what we do with it.
Information Collected on our Site
We collect information provided by the customer when placing an order.
Email Addresses
If you supply us with your email address online or order online, you may receive electronic mailings from us with information on new products and special offers. Please note you can easily unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive our offers.
Cobre uses Alpine Internet Solutions to manage its email database.  We never share any of your information with others.
Credit Card Information
Your credit card and transaction information is private. Our secure browser technology ensures that no one outside of our professional billing staff will have access to your credit card information. We encrypt all credit card and billing information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Technology during the order transaction using a secure server. Your credit card information is never shared with a third party.
General Web Browser and Visitor Information
We collect general browsing information about your visit to our site in order to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us improve the usability of our site. This information includes the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site, the pages that you visit while on our site, the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, and the date and time you access our site. This information is not linked to any personally identifiable data, and is used for aggregate statistical purposes only.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of code that gets uploaded to your computer in order to remember user-specific information. We use cookies to record shopping cart information when you place an order.
Go to Top