https://www.a1supplements.com/ordering-policies/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Categories
Top 60
New products
Clearance
Deal of the Day
Articles
A1 Plus+ Rewards
Supplement Specials & Deals!
View BOGOs & Deals
Home
Ordering Policies
Ordering Policies
How to Order
To place an order, choose one of the following ordering methods:
Order Online
Ordering Wholesale Supplements Online is Easy!
Find the item you like and add it to your shopping cart. Then you can either choose to Continue Shopping or Proceed To Checkout.
When you have finished adding items to your shopping cart, simply click on the Proceed to Checkout button. After selecting the desired shipping method, enter a coupon code if you have one, then click the Checkout button to proceed to the next step.
You will be asked to either Checkout as a Guest or register. You may also log into your existing account if you have shopped with us before.
You will then be prompted to completing your billing information and shipping information as well as to select a shipping method and payment method. You will be able to review your order before finalizing and submitting it.
As soon as you submit your order, we will process and ship your order with all possible speed!
Order By Phone
To order by phone, have your order ready along with your credit card number and expiration date. Then call us Toll-Free:  (888) 324-2758 from 8 AM to 5 PM EST weekdays (This toll free phone number is available in the U.S. only.) Our toll-free telephone line is for placing orders only. If you have any questions, please send us email or contact us by using our website contact form. We promptly reply to questions sent by email: [email protected].
Payment Options
All prices are in US Dollars. We accept the following payment methods:
Credit Cards - We accept the following major credit cards: MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express. We reserve the right to request additional verification documentation prior to processing and shipping orders. Billing information provided MUST match the credit card being used.
Money Orders - The money order must be drawn on U.S. funds. Please make sure your name and order/invoice number is on the money order. We will ship the products as soon as we receive the money order. We do not ship orders until we receive payment.
Checks - We will gladly accept your business or personal check but please understand it may delay processing for up to 14 business days. We do not ship orders until we receive payment. The check must be drawn on U.S. funds from a U.S. bank. This method is only available in the U.S. $29 fee will be charged for returned checks.
PayPal - As long as none of the items in your order violates Paypal policies, the Paypal choice will be available to checkout (no sex, ephedra, prohormone or HGH products). You will be prompted to enter your PayPal information after you complete your order. You may either create a Paypal account or use an existing Paypal account to complete the transaction.
We do not ship COD at this time.
Coupon Codes
When using coupon/discount codes, only one coupon code may be applied per order. Coupons cannot be combined.
Ordering by Paypal
PayPal is another checkout method available to customers of A1Supplements.com! As long as none of the items in your order violates Paypal policies, the Paypal choice will be available to checkout (no sex, ephedra, prohormone or HGH products). You may either create a Paypal account or use an existing Paypal account to complete the transaction.
PayPal Processing Delay NotificationPlease note: Due to verification delays in working with PayPal generated orders, we must allow up to an additional 48 hours to process PayPal orders.
Order By Mail (Check or Money Order)
Check or Money Order payments are available to US customers only. Funds must be in U.S. Dollars, drawn from a U.S. bank. To order by mail, simply complete the store checkout process then, when asked for payment method select the "Check or Money Order" option for payment method. Complete your order and print the confirmation page. Then send us your payment with confirmation page to: A1supplements.com
1606 NW 84th Ave
Doral, FL 33126
Customer Service By Chat
If you need real time assistance and the chat icon is indicating we are available for live chat service, click below to start a chat with one of our representatives!
Live Chat by LivePerson
Our agents are available Monday through Friday 8 AM to 4:30 PM EST to help you.Click to chat during operating hours or send us an email after hours.
Our Site Security
We utilize RackSpace servers, which are continually monitored, firewall protected and updated with the latest patches and upgrades by the most advanced server engineers and IT professionals in the industry. We have 128/256-bit strong SSL encryption by Digicert, and we utilize a third party security service, Cloudflare, to accelerate and protect this site, so you can feel secure and confident shopping with us! We are also represented by the BBB online reliability seal. Our security partners:
DigiCert
Cloudflare
RapidScan Secure
BBB
Every order placed online through A1Supplements.com must pass industry-standard Max Mind fraud checks, including verification of billing and shipping addresses, computer IP address, e-mail address, etc. before capturing payment and authorizing shipment. From time to time orders may be red flagged by our system and require further verification. We do this to protect cardmembers from credit card fraud. Our customer service department may request that you complete a Credit Card Authorization Form. When you have completed the form, please print and fax it to 865-977-8017. You must also include a front and back copy of your credit card for verification purposes and a copy of your government issued ID. These copies need to be sent by email. We do this for the protection of cardmembers and our valued customers.
Shipping Options
$6.95 Standard Flat Rate Shipping
$9.95 USPS Priority Mail Shipping
•  Standard Shipping - (USA Only) (2-7 Days)•  USPS Priority Mail - (USA, Only) (2-5 Days)
•  International - (outside of continental USA) 10 to 14 business days
Orders may require an additional 1-2 business days for processing before they ship out. Large orders, multi-box orders or orders with total calculated weight greater than the highest rate of the shipping rate table may require a custom shipping quote requiring payment for actual shipping charges to be approved before processing shipment. For domestic orders within the continental 48 United States, there are two shipping options available: FedEx ground or USPS priority. All Alaska/Hawaii, PO boxes and military (APO/FPO) shipping addresses must be sent via USPS priority.
We currently have one international mail option: Asendia Priority Mail. The delivery time frame is approximately 10-14 business days, but the delivery time can vary due to customs or postal delays.
Addressing Errors
We will charge you an $14 fee for shipments that are either re-routed after leaving our warehouse or are incorrectly addressed due to customer's error. Shipping labels are generated directly from the shipping information you have entered. If you provide us an incorrect zip code or other addressing error e.g. incorrect or missing apartment number you will be charged the $14 fee since the shipping company will charge us a fee for this correction.
Delivery/Shipping Time - Approximate delivery time for credit card orders for in-stock merchandise is between 2 to 5 business days depending on the destination. Please allow extra time to account for weekends and holidays. Money orders are usually shipped within 24 hours after receipt. Personal check orders are held for up to 14 working days.
Shipping Charges- Shipping Charges are based on total weight of order and the shipping method you choose. If you choose a shipping method which is incompatible with your delivery address, you will either be refunded the difference and your order will be shipped automatically or you will be contacted for approval of the correct shipping charges before we process your shipment.
APO/FPO, Alaska, Hawaii and California- Due to recent USPS shipping rate increases and dimensional weight surcharges, we may need to collect additional shipping charges for large or heavy orders. You will be contacted for approval of additional shipping charges, in the instance that additional postage is necessary prior to shipment. We appreciate your understanding!
Orders Exceeding the Top Shipping Rate - Large orders, multi-box orders or orders with total calculated weight greater than the highest rate of the shipping rate table may require a custom shipping quote requiring payment for actual shipping charges to be approved before processing shipment.
Drinks - orders containing drinks (RTD's, 12 and 24 bottle cases, etc.) must be shipped to a physical address. We prefer to ship drinks via FedEx. We can ship orders of this nature USPS (shipping cost is higher); however, we cannot be liable for damages if you don't select the optional insurance.
Order/Delivery Issues
Any order or delivery issues must be reported as soon as possible, within 7-10 days, but no later than 30 days.
Military APO/FPO Rules
It's no problem for us to ship to APO/FPO military addresses! In fact, we ship many APO/FPO orders every day. Shipping fees for APO/FPO orders are the same as domestic (USA) orders and are treated as such. Therefore, you must choose the USPS Priority Mail shipping option (not the more expensive international mail option!) FedEx does not deliver to APO/FPO addresses at this time. A1Supplements will not be responsible for lost, damaged, or delayed APO/FPO shipments.
How To Fill-In Your APO/FPO Address
1. Please be sure to choose the USPS Priority Mail shipping option.2. Use the following format for completing the address form:
Sample Address:
John Doe 1-234 INF / B Co 7-11 AR Unit # 4201 APO, AE 09362-2105 United States
3. Since military orders are considered part of the USA for shipping purposes, you do not need to enter in the actual city, state or country of where you are located. Enter APO or FPO for the city and AP or AE for the state. DO NOT enter the country where you are stationed(e.g. Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.) as this will force you to choose an international shipping option and delay your shipment! Enter United States for your country.
4. Be sure to submit your actual credit card billing address in the "billing address" section if the APO/FPO address is not the billing address on file with your credit card company. Enter your APO/FPO address in the "shipping address" section.
APO/FPO orders generally arrive surprisingly fast, but please allow 4 to 12 business days for transit time. USPS tracking only provides information up to the point it arrives at the military post.
USPS Tracking Information
From USPS.com: To speed delivery, shippers may not location-scan all of their shipments. When shipping volume is high, packages are processed in bulk, and the first time a package is scanned may be upon arrival at a regional hub near the destination, or even when the package is delivered. If you don't see any tracking data for your shipment, and the estimated delivery date has not yet passed, please do not be concerned.
International
All International orders must be placed online through the website. Please create an account with us to receive the appropriate shipping rates for your country.
First-time-customer orders over $300 may require a secure payment by Wire Transfer to establish legitimacy. We have to do this to protect ourselves due to higher rates of international fraud. We may also request identity verification and credit card authorization forms for subsequent orders. Wire transfer details will be provided upon completion of A1Supplements.com order requiring wire transfer.
You may use an online currency converter such as http://www.xe.com/ucc/ to calculate the accurate dollar total. Remember to add $25 for the required wire fee to the total.
We have simplified international shipping to use a specific shipping methods via USPS Priority Mail International. The shipping prices are based upon weight and will be displayed automatically when you add items to your cart based on your country.
We are not responsible for confiscation's from customs agents and we will not misrepresent the contents on the custom forms. We will not assume any liability once the package reaches customs and beyond. Please see our FAQ for more information.
Please check the customs office or health department of your country to be sure of anything you order before attempting to import it. For example, Australia's list of prohibited imports is found here and Canada's list of prohibited imports is found here.
Canada Shipping Rates
We have Canada specific and competitive shipping rates for our neighbors to the north. We are committed to providing the lowest possible shipping rates and the fastest delivery times. We appreciate your business! Simply create an account with A1Supplements.com by registering here. Complete the form by filling out your address and choosing a username and password. Once you've selected Canada as the country of your shipping address, you will automatically be able to view Canada shipping rates as you add products to your cart. Shipping rates are determined by weight. Australia Shipping Rates
We have Australia specific and competitive shipping rates for our Australian friends. We are committed to providing the most accurate shipping rates and the fastest delivery times. We appreciate your business! Simply create an account with A1Supplements.com by registering here. Complete the form by filling out your address and choosing a username and password. Once you've selected Australia as the country of your shipping address, you will automatically be able to view Australia shipping rates as you add products to your cart. Shipping rates are determined by weight.
Countries we do NOT Ship To without a secured payment (i.e. Wire Transfer):
Due to the high amount of fraudulent orders, we can no longer ship to these countries without a secured payment:
• Albania• Algeria• Angola• Azerbaijan• Bangladesh• Belize• Benin• Bolivia• Botswana• Bulgaria• Burundi• Cambodia• Cameroon• Cape Verde• Central African Republic• Chad• Chile• Colombia• Congo• Democratic Republic Of Congo• Djibouti
• Dominican Republic• Egypt• Equatorial Guinea• Eritrea• Estonia• Ethiopia• Gabon• Gambia• Georgia• Ghana• Guatemala• Guinea• Guinea-Bissau• Hungary• Indonesia• Ivory Coast• Kazakhstan• Kenya• Kiribati• Latvia
• Lesotho• Liberia• Lithuania• Macedonia• Madagascar• Malawi• Malaysia• Marshall Islands• Mauritania• Mauritius• Micronesia• Moldova• Mongolia• Morocco• Mozambique• Nauru• Nepal• Niger• Nigeria• Nuie• Papua New Guinea
• Palastinian Territory• Reunion• Rwanda• Saudi Arabia• Serbia• Sierra Leone• South Africa• Togo• Tonga• Trinidad And Tobago• Tunisia• Turkmenistan• Tuvalu• Ukraine• Uzbekistan• Venezuela• Wallis And Futuna• Yemen• Zambia• Other Countries At Our Discretion
To comply with US Export regulations or other shipping suspensions, we cannot ship to these countries:  Iran, North Korea (DPRK), Syria, Sudan, Cuba, Guatamala.
We DO ship to APO/FPO Military addresses no matter where they are, as APO/FPO addresses considered domestic!
We apologize for the inconvenience this may cause legitimate customers. We really didn't want it to be this way, but we had no other choice. We would be put out of business in no time.
We WILL ship to any country if a secured payment is made. A secured payment would be a money order in US dollars drawn on a US bank, a Western Union payment or a Wire Transfer. (An additional $25 wire fee will be added to your order total for wire transfer method). Contact customer service for more information. If you have any questions please e-mail [email protected] or call our shipping department at 865-977-9917. We try to answer all e-mails and phone messages within 24 hours or less except on weekends and holidays.
Product Related Information
Pricing
Prices Are Subject to Change at Any Time. The most current prices for products are displayed on the product or category pages. You may need to refresh your browser to see current prices.
Also, prices displayed in our search engine may not be current as the search engine is indexed nightly, not in real time. Always check the product or category pages for the most current prices.
Promotions - Stacks or Combos
A1Supplements runs various promotions on different products, which may include stacks or combos. When a multi-item stack or combo is added to the cart, the individual items may be broken out of the stack or combo and listed as "Free". This does not mean that you will receive double the items. This is simply an itemization of what's included in the stack or combo that was ordered.
For example, if you ordered:
Gold Standard Whey & C4 Stack - 2 Bottles
The cart would show three rows, as follows (the first row lists the stack that was ordered at the price at the time of the order):
Gold Standard Whey & C4 Stack - 2 Bottles Price: $48.99 Quantity: 1
Underneath the combo product, the itemized items would appear in the cart as separate products:
Free: Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard 100% Whey Protein - 2 Lbs. Flavor Selection1 x Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard 100% Whey Protein - 2 Lbs. - Double Rich Chocolate Price: $0.00 Quantity: 1
Free: Cellucor C4 Original - 30 Servings Flavor Selection1 x Cellucor C4 Original - 30 Servings - Blue Razz Price: $0.00 Quantity: 1
This means the combo or stack has been broken down into it's component parts. Thus for ordering one combo or stack in this example at $48.99, you will receive one of each of the components, for a total of two bottles:
1 bottle of Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard 100% Whey Protein - 2 Lbs. (in the flavor that you select in the shopping cart by clicking the "Edit Options" button)1 bottle of Cellucor C4 Original - 30 Servings (in the flavor that you select in the shopping cart by clicking the "Edit Options" button)
You will not receive double the stack (four bottles) unless you ordered 2 of the stack.
Again, please note that any items marked as "Free" at a value of $0.00, may be included as part of a promotional deal, stack, or combo for the price of the promotion, stack, or combo and the items are not meant to be additional items, but are simply component parts of the actual stack or combo that was paid for.
Drinks
All Drink Sales are Final. Due to the Heavy Weight and Shipping Costs, No Returns Will Be Accepted for Drinks.
Also, orders containing drinks (RTD's, 12 and 24 bottle cases, etc.) must be shipped to a physical address. We prefer to ship drinks via FedEx. We can ship orders of this nature USPS (shipping cost is higher); however, we cannot be liable for damages if you don't select the optional insurance.
Weather
We do our best to package and ship your order so that you receive your items in good condition. However, we can't control the weather! Here are our tips for food bars and other food items:
Immediately refrigerate the food items for at least 2 hours before opening.
Do not store food items in your car.
Keep bars and food items in a cool place when you store them, or take them with you.
During the cold winter months, glass bottles (Noni, Goji juice, etc.) have been known to break due to freezing during transit. Order at your discretion based upon the weather and transit time to avoid receiving damaged goods.
In Stock/Out of Stock
What "In Stock" Means: The In Stock indicator listed on each product detail page tells you that we have at least one unit of the item you wish to order in one of our warehouses and we expect to be able to prepare this item for shipment within a few hours in the majority of cases to a few days (depending on the inventory availability). In rare cases, an item may appear In Stock, when it actually is Out of Stock. We will make every effort to accommodate you in this rare circumstance and apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Out of Stock: This item is currently not in stock and it is not available for ordering.
Availability of Popular Items: Popular items sell out quickly. It is possible for you to see a message that an item is "In Stock" on the product detail page, but discover it is sold out by the time you place your order.
Backorders
From time to time we may experience product shortage due to high volume of sales. Most often the product is on backorder from the manufacturer. We will notify you via email or phone if we do not have on-hand stock to fill your order. We ask your patience in these situations. These are rare instances but can happen on occasion.
Returns/Exchanges
You must call us during our normal business hours for a return authorization and instructions from one of our customer service representatives prior to returning any merchandise. Merchandise must be returned at your expense in unopened and perfect condition in order to receive credit. We do not allow any nutrition bars or the like (cookies, brownies, etc.) to be returned for credit. We do not accept returns on opened products. A return authorization must be given or we may refuse the package. A 10% restocking fee will be applied for returns. Refunds for returns are typically processed within three business days upon receiving the returned product. No product returns will be accepted after 30 days.
Sales Tax
We are based in Florida therefore, we must collect 7% sales tax on the product subtotal for any order shipped within the state of Florida.
Shortages/Mis-Shipments
On the rare occasion that we may ship you an item other than what you ordered, do not open the product or it will void your right to return it.
Because of our double-check packing system, we have a minimum amount of errors. On the rare occasion of a shortage, please thoroughly inspect the box a second time for the product(s). If the product(s) still cannot be found, or if any other problems exist, contact customer service within 24 hours of receipt of the shipment for correction.
Freight Forwarding Shipments:
A1Supplements is not liable or responsible for any losses, damages or delays due to the actions or inactions of third party freight forwarding shipping services. We are only responsible in shipping the products to the designated address.
Package Insurance
We are pleased to provide package insurance for domestic orders as an added guarantee to provide product or order replacement under the circumstances listed below.
What Package Insurance Covers:
Damages: If you opt for the optional package insurance for only $2.99 and one or more of the products you ordered arrives damaged, call our customer service department to file a claim. Your claim will be processed ASAP. As soon as your claim is approved we will replace the damaged product(s) at no cost to you. Does not cover international shipments!
Lost or stolen in the mail: If your order is lost or stolen in the mail, we will reship the entire order, providing reasonable time for delivery has been allowed and the tracking information shows your package has NOT been delivered to the address you provided us. A mandatory waiting period of 7 to 10 days is required from the expected delivery date of the package, before your claim can be processed.
What Packing Insurance Does Not Cover:
A package showing delivered: If the tracking information shows your package has been delivered to the address you provided us, but you still don't have your package, optional package insurance does not apply. If you live in an apartment, check to see if a neighbor picked the package up for you or if the package is waiting for you in the main office. If you still can't find your package, we will go through the typical process of filing a claim with the shipping carrier to rectify the situation.
Product Guarantees: Purchasing the optional insurance does not guarantee that you'll like the flavor, product or obtain specific results. We will not replace a product for these reasons.
Against loss or damage caused by or resulting from: (a) hostile or warlike action in time of peace or war, including action hindering combating or defending against an actual, impending or expected attack, (1) by any government or sovereign power (de jure facto), or by any authority maintaining or using military, naval or air forces; or (2) by military, naval or air forces; (3) by an agent of any such government power, authority or forces; (b) any weapon of war employing atomic fission or radioactive force whether in time of peace or war; (c) insurrection, rebellion, revolution, civil war, usurped power or action taken by governmental authority in hindering, combating or defending against such an occurrence, seizure or destruction under quarantine or Customs regulations, confiscation by order of any government or public authority or risks of contraband or illegal transportation of trade.
Weather: Damages arising from changes in temperature or humidity, or other deterioration, any remote or consequential loss, whether or not arising out of a peril are not covered by package insurance.
Fraud Policy: By purchasing insurance online, you certify that all information provided is accurate and truthful. The submission of a false, fictitious or fraudulent statement may result in imprisonment of up to 5 years and a fine of up to $10,000.00 (18 USC 1001). In addition, a civil penalty of up to $5,000.00, and an assessment of twice the amount falsely claimed may be imposed (31 USC 3802).
Warning: any fraudulent claims will make the shipper and/or consignee liable for any prosecution for mail fraud under federal crime code.
Errors on Our Site
Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered, and A1Supplements.com reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, A1Supplements.com will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with A1Supplements.com's Return Policy.
Individual results from taking supplements and/or other products mentionedon this site may vary. Before starting a diet, a dietary supplement routineor an exercise regimen, be sure to consult a qualified healthcare professional.The content on this site does not supplant medical advice and is meant for informational purposes only.
© 2020 A1Supplements.com, 1606 NW 84th Ave, Miami, FL 33126 - 865-977-9917