http://www.mypoolpal.com/privacy-policy.cfm
View Our Specials
Customer Login |
Wholesale Login
Shopping CartShopping Cart: items $0.00 - View Cart$75.00 away from FREE Shipping
Shop by Category
Flotation Swimwear
Aqua Force
Sun Protection
Special Needs & Aquatic Therapy
Swim Diaper
Shop by Size
Infant & Toddler
Youth
Adult
Shop by Brand
Privacy Policy
MyPoolPal.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting MyPoolPal.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does MyPoolPal.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at MyPoolPal.com.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Does MyPoolPal.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Which Information Can I Access?
MyPoolPal.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with MyPoolPal.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such MyPoolPal.com features. You can add or update certain information on pages. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit MyPoolPal.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Georgia. If you have any concern about privacy at MyPoolPal.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Special Needs & Aquatic Therapy
Copyright © 2006 - 2020 My Pool Pal. All rights reserved.
Flotation Swimwear D-333,903: 5,459,874: US 6,971,935 B1: US 7,226,330 B2
My Pool Pal® Swim-sters® Disposable Diaper patent no. 6195800
All patents and trademarks are the sole proprietary properties of Future Products Corporation.
Follow us:
twitter
facebook
instagram
pinterest
youtube
Ecommerce Web Design by InterCoastal Net Designs
http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.282761898489482.59387.226269387472067&type=1