http://www.dutchflowerbulbs.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Menu
Close Cart
Fall Planted
Expand submenu Fall Planted
Collapse submenu Fall Planted
Tulips
Expand submenu Fall Planted
Collapse submenu Fall Planted
Fosteriana
Greigii
Kaufmanniana
Wild Flower
Single Early
Double Early
Double Late
Triumph
Darwin Hybrid
Single Late
Bouquet
Lily Flowering
Parrot
Fringed
Narcissus
Expand submenu Fall Planted
Collapse submenu Fall Planted
Trumpet
Double Narcissus
Large cup
Poetaz
Butterfly
Triandus
Rock Garden
Paperwhites
Iris
Expand submenu Fall Planted
Collapse submenu Fall Planted
Wildflower Dwarf
Dutch
Hyacinths
Crocus
Allium
Fritillaria
Muscari
Scilla
Anemone
Tulip order Sale
Planting Tools
Log In
Create Account
Welcome
Contact us
Delivery information
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Your cart
Close Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue browsing
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
$50+ = Free Bulb Planter & $100+ = Free Shipping
dutchflowerbulbs.com
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Private Notice
This privacy notice disclose the privacy for dutchflowerbulbs.com. This privacy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:       1.  What personally identifiable information is collected from you through                  the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.       2.  What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.       3.  The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your                 ............information.           4.  How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Orders
Ordering your favourite bulbs is super easy. Choose the item you would like to have. Click on 'add to cart' and the item will be added to your shopping cart (note; items in your cart are not reserved for you). You can pay immediately or continue shopping. If you added everything you need in your cart, go to your cart and click on 'check out'. Finally, follow the steps to pay for your order and your order has been placed! It is possible to order your bulbs as a guest. You can also make an account, to have as faster shopping experience. During registration, you are required to provide certain information (such as name, address, telephone and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products on our site in which you have expressed interest. Additionally, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.Order Processing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for your order. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you will not have to login a password more than once during your visit, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected from you on this site. We only have access to the information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
-    See what data we have about you, if any. -    Change/correct any data we have about you.-    Have us delete any data we have about you. -    Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 816-524-0840 or via email at info@dutchflowerbulbs.com
Premium Dutch Quality
Safe Shipping
Value for Money
#1 Customer Service
Liquid error: include usage is not allowed in this context