http://www.goenergetix.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
All Products
Botanicals
Homeopathics
Nutritionals
Topicals
Products by Health Topic
About Us
Who We Are
Our Product Line
Botanicals
Homeopathics
Nutritionals
Quality
Blog
Contact Us
Become a Client
Privacy Policy Energetix respects the privacy of our clients and is committed to ensuring a secure, private and enjoyable online shopping experience. All personal information shared with Energetix is kept confidential and protected with the utmost care. We never sell, rent, or disclose any personal information about our clients with any third party. When you place an order at Energetix, your personal and credit card information is stored securely. Your trust and satisfaction are of the utmost importance to us. Please continue to read our privacy policy for more details. When you place an order online:We request your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, expiration date and cvc code. We use this information to process and deliver your order, and to update you on your order status. All customer information is restricted in our offices or on secured servers. Only authorized employees (such as our billing department or a customer service representative) are granted access to your information. When you register for an account:We ask for your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address and password. This data is stored securely, and is used to personalize your shopping experience and to help us improve our site. Links on our website:This website contains links to other websites. Be advised that Energetix is not responsible for the confidentiality practices of those sites. The statement of confidentiality applies only to this website. Please be vigilant when leaving this site and carefully read the statement of confidentiality for each site you visit. Disclosure:We do not disclose your personal information to anyone. We can assure you that your personal data will not be disclosed to government institutions or other authorities unless required by law. Security Policy:Personal information is securely transmitted to our website using an SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption key from GeoTrust.We have implemented policies, rules, and technical measures to protect the personal information we have gathered against:Unauthorized accessUnwanted disclosure or use by third partiesUnauthorized modificationsDestruction or loss of informationAll credit card information is encrypted when the order is processed. For online orders, we do not keep the credit card numbers in our servers. We use secure servers protected by the strongest firewalls currently available on the market, and physical access to them are limited and controlled. When you join our email list:We will not share our clients’ emails with anyone. Our newsletter and promotional emails are permission-based. If you receive an email and wish to be removed from our email list, simply look at the end of the email for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list. What are cookies?Cookies are small files created by your browser to enable our systems to recognize you when you return, allow you to take full advantage of Energetix's website features, use our shopping cart or place an order. This information is for internal use only; we don't share it with others.