https://www.rollaroaster.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
CMS Manufacturing, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site:
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. No personal identifying information is retrieved except when voluntarily provided by the site visitor. We use the information to improve our web site and promotional activities.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. CMS Manufacturing, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information and purchase products. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Your email address is obtained ONLY if you order products from CMS Manufacturing, Inc. or if you voluntarily subscribe to our mailing list. Your email address is only used to contact you regarding your order or to send you our mailings. Your email address is NOT subscribed to our mailing list unless you submit your email address for that purpose. We NEVER sell, share or rent your personal information, including your email address to third parties.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Be assured that when you purchase an item from CMS Manufacturing, Inc. your personal information will be secure. We have several systems in place to protect your payment information from being intercepted. After your order is processed your credit card information is purged from our system.
Contact InformationCMS Manufacturing, Inc.
1276 Shriver Road.
Orofino, ID 83544
Phone: 208-476-4308
Toll Free: 800-480-4308