http://www.myerstiresupply.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
In general, you can visit any Myers Industries, Inc. website without telling us who you are or providing any personal information.
If you voluntarily provide information, Myers Industries (“Myers”), its companies, divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “Company”) may use the information to send you products, information or services.  In order to do this, we may when necessary share information with business partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal authorities or government. The Company does not sell your information.  In connection with a transaction, it is possible we could contact you for a customer satisfaction survey.
Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated and used by the Company.  This policy may change from time to time, so please revisit this page periodically.
Disclosure and Use of Personal Information:
The Company does not sell, trade, rent or allow others to use your information outside of the Company other than as noted above.
We may disclose information to appropriate legal authorities in special cases when we believe in good faith that such release is necessary:
to comply with the law,
to identify or bring legal action against someone who may be violating this user agreement or a contract with the Company,
to protect the rights, property, both tangible and intangible, or safety of the Company or other third parties.
Myers Industries is an international company.  As such this site has users from all over the world.  Any information you give us through this site may be transmitted to servers outside the country where the information is entered, and may be used, stored and processed outside the country where it was entered.  The Company is not responsible for the handling of information by servers outside the United States.  We may use certain information gathered from this site to compile demographic data about our users, sales, traffic patterns and related site information.  If provided to third parties, this demographic data will NOT include any personally identifiable information.
Websites that are linked to this site and visited by a user from our site may have different privacy policies and/or terms and conditions for use.  The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or terms and conditions of these other sites.
Security:
The Company uses appropriate reasonable measures to protect personal information.  We use physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard your data.  Even though the Company intends to protect your information, we do not guarantee that communications with our site or access to your personal information will never be improperly accessed by third parties.
Registered Users / E-Mail List:
When you subscribe to our e-mail news list or product updates from any one of our companies / brands, we ask for your name, e-mail address and other information.  You will always have the option not to register, and also to de-list/unsubscribe from any Company e-mail list you sign up for.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server to be stored on your hard drive that allows easier access the next time the same page is visited.  This site may use cookies to store information from forms you fill out to create a user profile so that you do not have to re-enter the information each time you visit.
IP Addresses:
An IP address is a number used to identify computers so that data, such as web pages, you request can be sent to you.  Our server automatically collects IP addresses for purposes of administering our system and to help us diagnose problems.  We do not use the IP address for any other reason.
Special Notice for California Residents:
If you are an individual residing in California, you may have additional rights with regard to the information we gather about you. Upon verifiable written request, we will provide to you information regarding the personal information we gather about you, the types of sources from which we obtain the information, the purposes for which the information is gathered, and the types of third parties with which we share or to whom (if any) we sell the information. To guard against fraudulent requests for access, we will require sufficient information to allow us to confirm the identity and California residency of the individual making the request before doing so.  We may deny a request if your identity and residency are not verified to our satisfaction or as otherwise permitted by law.  Every request from an individual will be assessed on a case by case basis.  We will not discriminate against consumers who exercise their rights under California law. If your request is denied, we will notify you why in writing. Consistent with how your personally identifiable information is maintained in the ordinary course of our business, we will provide the information in an understandable form, and to the extent feasible in a format that permits you to use the information on other systems. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to permit you to correct or amend personally identifiable information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. We also will delete personal information we have gathered about you when you make a verifiable request that we do so, except to the extent applicable law permits or requires us to maintain that information.  If you are a California resident who wishes to obtain access to or correct, or to direct us to delete, your personal information, please fill out this Data Request Form and email it to CCPA@myersind.com.  You may also call us at 1 888 788 2278.
Consent:
By using a Company website, you consent to the guidelines outlined in this policy.
Users under the Age of 18:
If you are under the age of 18, do not provide any personally identifiable information on this site without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian.