https://www.gardenersedge.com/privacy/a/3_1/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
A.M. Leonard Inc. (“A.M. Leonard”) and Gardener's Edge appreciate
the trust you place in us, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and
the security of your personal and business information. We work hard in
responsibly handling and keeping your Personal Information safe and secure. This
Privacy Policy describes our collection and usage of this information by A.M.
Leonard, its subsidiaries (collectively “A.M. Leonard”, “Gardener's Edge”, “we,”
“our” or “us”), www.gardenersedge.com and all its related subdomains (the “Sites”), and all our products, mobile
applications, software, blogs, forums, channels and sharing services
(collectively with the Sites, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also details
your options regarding this information A.M. Leonard may collect about you.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing this
website. Your continued use of our Sites and/or Services or any other content,
products or other services covered by this Policy constitutes your acceptance
and agreement to this Policy and any updates. Furthermore, by accepting this Privacy
Policy you expressly represent: (a) that you are over the age of 18 and/or not
considered a minor in the jurisdiction for which you reside; or (b) that you
are a parent or guardian of a minor child and you have expressly consented to
handling of the minor’s Personal Information as described in this Policy.
1. Information We Collect
In
describing our collection, use, and sharing of information in this Policy, we
refer to our collection and use of "Personal Information." "Personal
Information," as used in this Policy, is personally identifiable
information, which is information that directly identifies an individual, such as
first and last name, mailing address, email address, billing information, IP
address, demographics, passwords or other online contact information, or
telephone number. We collect Personal Information, as well as non-personally
identifiable information on A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services.
We
collect Personal Information in two ways. First, we collect information you
provide to us in optional, voluntary submissions, such as in registration
forms, user profiles, promotional signups, sweepstakes/contest entries,
requests for customer service, software and mobile applications downloads, and
any customer comments or communication submitted as product reviews or order
instructions. By sharing product reviews, a customer agrees that: The use of
the comments, in whole or in part, is at our complete discretion; the use may
be locally, nationally, or globally; this use is perpetual and may be assigned
to us; the use may occur via any media, whether current or later developed; and
this use occurs without compensation.
We
may also collect transactional information provided by individuals and
businesses that purchase from A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services. This
information can include contact information, shipping information, credit card
holder’s name, and credit card number/expiration date. We use your confidential
financial information that we collect to bill you for the products and services
you purchase.
We may also obtain information, including Personal Information,
from third party sources to identify potential customers that we may contact via direct mail or email. We
knowingly only contact people who have requested third-party marketing
communications. If we directly combine information from third parties with Personal
Information that we have collected, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information and handle it in accordance with this Policy. In addition, please
note that we may solicit third parties to collect Personal Information on our
behalf and in such cases we instruct those third parties to comply with this
Policy and all applicable data protection laws.
You
are under no obligation to provide, and can decline to provide, any requested
information at any time. However, if you decline to provide Personal
Information that is reasonably necessary to participate in certain activities,
you may not be able to participate in those activities on our Sites and/or
Services. Passive Data Collection
Second,
some Personal Information may be collected automatically via "Passive Data
Collection." When you visit A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services, general
data pertaining to your visit is collected, including IP addresses, tracking
codes, domain names, length of time spent, pages viewed. This information is
collected to support system administration, customize and improve the user
experience, improve site content, and improve customer service. We may also receive
passively-collected information through a variety of methods including but not
limited to “cookies” to collect information. What is a cookie?
Cookies
are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to
your computer/laptop/tablet or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies
are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to
another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies do not gather any of your
personally identifiable information. Cookies are useful because
they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
Cookies
accomplish many different tasks including helping you navigate between pages
efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user
experience. They can also help to ensure that any advertisements you see online
are more relevant to you and your interests. Performance
Cookies
A.M.
Leonard collects cookies on our Sites and/or Services to capture information
about page visits (e.g. “performance cookies.”) This information is anonymous
and A.M. Leonard uses this information only internally so we may deliver the
most effective and useful content to our visitors. Information from the cookie
is used to gauge page popularity, to analyze traffic patterns on our Sites
and/or Services, and to guide development of other improvements to our Sites
and/or Services. Targeting, Performance, and Functionality Cookies
In
our email programs, A.M. Leonard employs some tracking methods (e.g.
“targeting, performance, and functionality cookies”). We track “opens” via a
tracking pixel in the email, meaning we track who opens our email messages and when you open our email messages. We also track “clicks” via encoded URLs, meaning
we track whether you click on the links contained in our email messages. This
information is used internally only to help us deliver relevant messaging, and
is not shared with any third parties. Opting Out of Cookies
A.M.
Leonard does not require that you accept cookies and/or you may opt out, or withdraw,
your consent to our use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser's
privacy settings. You can also set your browser to notify you when you receive
a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
Functionality and Necessary Cookies
Please
note that some functionality on our Sites (e.g. “functionality cookies”), our
product checkout process, and Services may be disabled if you decline to accept
cookies ( e.g. “necessary cookies”). Analytics Tools
We
use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-Personal Information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or
Services. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers,
referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use
metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Addresses, mobile unique device IDs, and other similar information. We use your IP address and other general data listed above to help diagnose problems with our server and
to administer our Sites and/or Services. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic
information.
The
third party analytics companies who collect information on our Sites and/or Services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile
products and services relating to your activities across their network of
websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these
companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
In
addition to our use of technologies as described herein, we may permit certain third party companies to help us customize advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services and to
otherwise collect and use data about your use of A.M. Leonard Sites and/or
Services. For more information about this practice, please see the "Third Party Advertising Technologies" section below.
You
may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google
has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions. Use of JavaScript
On select areas of our Sites and/or Services, we may use the
JavaScript software tool to gather session information including surfing
activity and response/visit times, and to provide a faster online shopping
experience. Users can choose to disable JavaScript via their individual browser
settings; however by disabling JavaScript, users will prevent proper
functioning of certain parts of the Sites and/or Services (including the
checkout area). 2. How We Use Information
If
you choose to provide Personal Information about yourself, A.M. Leonard will
use this information to communicate directly with you. Generally, we use Personal
Information to establish and enhance our relationship with our users through
four main categories: (1) Communication; (2) Optimization; (3) Advertising; and
(4) Sharing Features. Below, we provide some specific examples of how we use
the Personal Information and other information we collect. Communication
We use your contact information to contact you regarding your
order, to respond to user requests, to provide you with customer support, and
to process transactions. We use your information, including Personal
Information, to send email newsletters and updates, to send you information,
catalogs, and promotional materials from our company, send special offers and
advertisements, and to seek your opinions and feedback. To cancel your
subscription to any of our catalogs, please call 1-888-556-5676 or email us at custserv@gardenersedge.com. Due to
time delays in receiving your request and/or incorrect/incomplete information,
you may still receive direct mail after your request for us to stop. If this
occurs, please email us directly at webmaster@gardenersedge.com.
Optimization
We
use user information, including Personal Information, behavioral metrics, and
other non-personally identifiable information to operate, provide, improve, and
maintain our Sites and/or Services, to develop new products and services, to
prevent abuse and fraud, to personalize and display advertisements and other
content for you, and for other administrative and internal business purposes. Advertising
We
use user information, including Personal Information, behavioral metrics,
geo-location data, demographic data and marketing preferences to personalize
and display advertisements and other content for you. Sharing Features
We
use your information, including Personal Information and any other information you submit directly or through passive means to provide you with various ways to connect and share content (e.g., web content , user generated videos, text, drawings, and screen and lecture captures, and quizzing features, media, tools,
services and other products) with third parties. For example, we may provide
you with the opportunity to email a link to certain content to another person.
To use this feature, we may require you to provide certain Personal Information
including your email address and the email address of each person to whom you
send the link.
We
also may allow you to share links to content with users of various third party
services (e.g., social networking, search and sharing services). When sharing
links using one of these third party services, if you are not already logged in
to the third party service, you will need to supply login credentials for it.
If you are not a registered user of the third party service, you will need to
sign up for it. You are supplying the registration information or login
credentials for the third party service directly to that third party, and not
to us. By using any of these third party services to share links to content,
you permit us to access, use and disclose any information relating to your
account on each such third party service (such as your user name and profile
information) that is available to us through the third party service, including
through its application programming interface (API) pursuant to this Policy. 3. When We Disclose Personal Information
We
do not share Personal Information with third parties except in the limited
circumstances described in this Policy. Service Providers
In
order to ship and track merchandise, we make your name, address, and phone
number available to certain companies that help us provide you with those
services.
We
may provide Personal Information to third parties for their use in performing
internal business functions (e.g., payment processing, customer service,
maintenance, security, data analysis, email transmission, beta testing, or data
hosting) on our behalf. Additionally, some third party service providers may
collect information, including Personal Information, on our behalf. Whenever possible,
we require such third parties to only collect and use Personal Information in
accordance with this Policy, to maintain the confidentiality, security, and
integrity of such Personal Information, and for no purpose other than providing
us with our requested services. Partners
When
you visit or use a part of any website, mobile application, or other consumer
product that is co-branded or that is a part of a joint promotion involving
A.M. Leonard and one or more third parties (each a "Co-Branded
Party"), you are providing and consenting to provide and are transmitting
your Personal Information and other information provided to, or collected, or
obtained by A.M. Leonard and any Co-Branded Parties involved, to A.M. Leonard
and each of the Co-Branded Parties without any other notice or further consent.
Please note that we do not control any Co-Branded Parties' use or treatment of
information you provide to them and you should consult each of their privacy
policies or any separate Co-Branded Privacy Policy posted on or linked from the
Co-Branded site to determine your rights with respect to their use and
treatment of your information. You will need to communicate with us and each
Co-Branded Party directly, as applicable, if you decide you no longer wish to
receive communications or if you wish to change any information you have
supplied. Legal Requirements
We
may disclose Personal Information if we have a good-faith belief that doing so
is required by a subpoena, warrant, or other judicial or administrative order
or otherwise required by law. Additionally, we may disclose Personal
Information where we, in good faith, deem it appropriate or necessary to
prevent violation of our Terms of Use Agreement, or our other agreements; take
precautions against liability; protect our rights, property, or safety, or
those of a partner, any individual or the general public; maintain and protect
the security and integrity of our Sites and/or Services or infrastructure;
protect ourselves and our Sites and/or Services from fraudulent, abusive, or
unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third party claims or
allegations; or assist government regulatory agencies. Change of Ownership
Information
about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed as part of
any bankruptcy, merger, sale, transfer of company assets, acquisition, or
similar transaction. In the event of such a transaction in which your Personal
Information would be transferred to a third party, we will make reasonable
efforts to notify you. For example, we will post a notice of the transfer of Personal
Information on our Sites and/or Services and, if we have your email address, we
will send notice of the transfer of Personal Information to that email address. Interactive Features
If
you use a forum, blog, channel, bulletin board, chat room, user commenting
features, or other interactive sharing or social features that may be offered
through any of our Sites and/or Services, you should be aware that any Personal
Information you submit, display, or publish there is considered publicly
available and can be read, collected, used, and disclosed by other users of
those features, by us, and other third parties without restriction, except to
the extent limited access features are available, if any. To request removal of
your Personal Information from our blog, sharing service or community forum,
for example, contact us at the information provided in this Policy. In some
cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we
will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 4. Third Party Advertising Technologies
In
addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, we also
may permit certain third party companies to help us customize advertising that
we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about
user activities on our Sites and/or Services (e.g., to allow them to customize
ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also
place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. These companies may use
information about user behavior in order to provide customized advertisements
across various services and products. In the course of providing these
services, products or placing advertisements, these third party companies may
place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information
to these cookies based upon your activities on any of our Sites and/or Services
and on third party websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie
information according to their own privacy and security policies. If you wish
to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads,
you may opt-out by calling us at 1-888-556-5676 or emailing us at custserv@gardenersedge.com. Please
note this does not opt you out of being delivered advertising. You will
continue to receive generic ads. 5. Children Under 13
A.M. Leonard does not
sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for
purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use our website only with the direct
supervision of a parent or guardian. In accordance with the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly seek or intentionally
collect Personal Information online from children under the age of 13. Children
under 13 years old are not allowed to create an account without a parent’s or
guardian's express consent. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask
their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to
anyone over the Internet.
For
users under 13 years of age, your continued use of the Sites and/or Services
will be considered by A.M. Leonard as confirmation that your parent or guardian
has expressly consented to the handling of your Personal Information as
described in this Policy. 6. Your Choices Submitting Personal Information
If
you do not want to submit Personal Information that is necessary to provide or
use our Sites and/or Services or to fulfill your request, you will not be able
to access and/or participate in certain A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services. For
example, you will not be able to register for an account with us, place an
online order with us, participate in certain contests or promotions, or access
and/or use certain A.M. Leonard product features or online services. In addition,
your refusal to submit Personal Information may limit our ability to respond to
your customer support inquiry in a timely fashion. Editing Personal Information
You
may, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain Personal Information that
you have provided to us by updating your preferences on the Account Settings
page, by calling us at 1-888-556-5676 or emailing us at custserv@gardenersedge.com, or by contacting
us at the mailing address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. Marketing Choices
If
you want to remove yourself from individual communications, including marketing
promotions, advertisements, updates and email newsletters, simply click the
unsubscribe link in the communication, access your Account Settings page when
logged in, call us at 1-888-556-5676 or email us at custserv@gardenersedge.com. You
also acknowledge and agree that there may be instances where we may elect to
notify you about administrative notices regarding your account or any order with
us, such as to inform you about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies,
that your account may be expiring, or to provide you with other relevant
administrative information about your account. Because this information is
important to your interaction with us, you may not opt out of receiving these transactional
communications. Account Deletion
If
you submit Personal Information, you may delete your account with us at any
time. If you delete your account, your Personal Information and any and all
other account-related information including, but not limited to, user profile
data, purchasing history, sharing data and any other data, credits, or content
specifically associated with your account are also permanently deleted.
Deletion of your data may take up to 30 days from accessible systems and up to
90 days from backup systems. If you choose to have an account with us in the
future, you will have to sign up for a new account as none of the information
you previously provided or saved within your account will have been saved. 7. Security
A.M.
Leonard Inc. is dedicated to making sure that you enjoy a secure shopping
experience. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of your sensitive information (such as your credit/debit
card number). Furthermore, we encrypt that data and protect the transmission of
that information by using 128-bit encryption from VeriSign, the most advanced
form of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, in all areas where your personal
identity is required. We take reasonable measures, including the implementation
and maintenance of physical, electronic, and managerial procedures, in an
effort to ensure the security, integrity, and accuracy of all Personal
Information that we collect. Our efforts include procedures designed to avoid
unauthorized access, alteration, misuse or disclosure of Personal Information. We
also belong to the Better Business Bureau&reg;, and will quickly work to
resolve any customer complaints in accordance with BBB&reg; procedures.
If
we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you
electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the
A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services covered by this Policy and providing Personal
Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically
regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your account
information and usage. 8. Data Integrity and Data Retention
We
collect and use Personal Information in accordance with this Policy and only
for the purposes stated in this Policy and/or at the time we request such
Personal Information from our users, or for such purposes to which a user may
otherwise consent. We do not use or share our users' Personal Information in a
way that is incompatible with the purposes for which such Personal Information
was requested and authorized for use by us. We retain Personal Information for
no longer than is commercially useful to carry out our business purposes, or as
we believe may be legally required. When Personal Information is deleted or
updated by you, it may take up to 30 days from accessible systems, and up to 90
days from backup systems, for us to delete such Personal Information. 9. Access to Personal Information
If
you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you
agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account
or password. You may view, correct, or delete the Personal Information A.M.
Leonard stores about you. Most of your Personal Information may be accessed and
corrected by simply logging into your account and accessing your profile. If
you wish to obtain a report of the Personal Information A.M. Leonard has about
you, please send us a written request to the mailing address set forth in this
Policy. 10. Third Party Login Functionality
We may permit users with accounts on certain third party services, including but not limited to, social networking, search, sharing, and other services
delivered by third-parties, to bypass the standard applicable registration
process. If you connect through an authorized third party service, you will be
able to use your third party login information to log in to your A.M. Leonard
account or access A.M. Leonard content, Sites and/or Services. We are not
responsible for the sharing, posting, commenting, or other content and information
gathering practices of any third party services that may be triggered by using
these third party login services. Please review their terms of service and
privacy policies carefully before using third party login functionality to
access any A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services.
By
using any third party services to log in to your A.M. Leonard account or access
A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services, you permit us to access, store and use all
information related to your third party account that may be accessible to us
through the third party service, including through its application programming
interface (API), pursuant to this Policy. 11. Third Party Services and Links
A.M.
Leonard’s content, including forums, contests, products, services, newsletters
and communications that we send to our users, may contain links to content
provided by third parties. For example, our communications may contain links to
third party merchants, from whom you may purchase products. To purchase
products from these third party merchants, you may be required to provide Personal
Information, including your credit card or other payment information.
This
website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that A.M. Leonard is not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and that this Privacy
Policy does not cover the usage of cookies by our third-party service
providers. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our
Sites and/or Services. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our
site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects
personally identifiable information. 12. California Privacy Rights
In
addition to the rights set forth in this Privacy Policy, California Civil Code
Section 1798.83 permits California residents who are individual consumers or
users of A.M. Leonard Sites and/or Services or services to request certain
information regarding its disclosure of Personal Information to third parties
for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us
via mail or email at the address identified in the "Contacting Us"
section. 13. Changes and Updates to This Policy
We
may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we will update the
"effective date" listed in the Policy. If we make material changes to
how we use Personal Information, we will attempt to notify you of the change
and to give you the opportunity to exercise choice as to how your Personal
Information is used. We will post the updated Policy on the affected Sites
and/or Service, and if we have your email address, we will send notice of the
update to that email address.
We
encourage you to review this Policy periodically to stay informed about our
collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. Your continued use of
our Sites and/or Services or any other content, products or other services
covered by this Policy constitutes your agreement to this Policy and any
updates. 14. Enforcement
A.M.
Leonard regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel
free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or A.M.
Leonard's treatment of Personal Information by contacting us through this Site
at custserv@gardenersedge.com.
When A.M. Leonard receives a formal written complaint at this address, it is
A.M. Leonard's policy to contact the complaining party regarding his or her
concerns. A.M. Leonard will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory
authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any
complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved by
A.M. Leonard and an individual. 15. No Error-Free Performance
A.M.
Leonard does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy.
A.M. Leonard will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and
will take prompt corrective action when A.M. Leonard learns of any failure to
comply with our Privacy Policy. A.M. Leonard shall not be liable for any
incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio and the
United States, to the extent applicable. Contacting Us
If
you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us
at:
Gardener's
Edge
241 Fox Drive
Piqua, OH 45356 USA
Toll-free:
1 (888) 556-5676
Local:
(937) 773-2694 webmaster@gardenersedge.com
Effective
Date: July 17, 2013
^
× Added Item(s)
Cart Total -
$0
Cart Checkout
× Oops!
Close