https://www.humangivens.com/publications/help/returns-policy/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Publications / Useful information / Returns Policy
Returns Policy
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
Non-returnable items include:
Gift vouchers
Downloadable products (MP3s, eBooks)
CDs that have been unsealed
Books with obvious signs of use
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Refunds
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund. If approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within 10 working days.
Late or missing refunds
If you haven’t received a refund yet, contact your credit card company as it may take some time before your refund is officially posted. If you still have not received your refund, please contact us at info@humangivens.com.
Sale items
Only regular priced items may be refunded, not sale items.
Exchanges
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send an email to info@humangivens.com and send your item to: Church Farm, Church Farm Lane, Chalvington, Hailsham, BN27 3TD, UK.
Gifts
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and they will find out about your return.
Return delivery
To return your product, you should mail your product to: Church Farm, Church Farm Lane, Chalvington, Hailsham, BN27 3TD, UK.
You will be responsible for paying for your own delivery costs for returning your item. Delivery costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return delivery will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are returning an item over £60, you should consider using a trackable delivery service or purchasing delivery insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.