http://www.bluecanoe.com/pages/customer-care#privacy
How Blue Canoe Started
Read about our early beginnings in 1994.
Here's our story
Tops
All
Tops
Sweaters & Jackets
Bottoms
Dresses
Lingerie
All
Bras
Panties
Lounge/Sleep
Accessories
Sale
All
Tops
Bottoms
Dresses
Lingerie
Clearance
Gift Cards
MY ACCOUNT
Home
Customer Care
Ordering / Payment
Online Orders
Ordering online is the fastest and most efficient way to place and process your order. You will receive an email order confirmation when your order is placed and tracking information when your order ships.
Telephone Orders
You can call us at 415-648-5000. Our customer service department is available to answer your questions and take your order Monday-Friday 9-5 PST.
Fax Orders
Print our PDF Order Form.
Fax your completed order form to our 24 hour fax line at 415-648-5009. Please be sure to provide all requested information.
Mail Orders
Print our PDF Order Form.
Mail completed order form to Blue Canoe, 1198 S Van Ness Ave  # Unit 40830, San Francisco, CA 94110-0830. Please be sure to provide all requested information. If you order by mail we accept personal checks payable to Blue Canoe, or write in your credit card number.
Secure Payment
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.
When your order is placed online your credit card account will show that the funds have been authorized only, not charged. Your card will be charged only when your order is shipped.
Promotions
Periodically Blue Canoe offers special promotions usually announced through Blue CaNews, our email news letter, or directly on the home page. To take advantage of the promotion, a code will be provided to be used at checkout. Only one code per order is allowed. We do not offer discount codes through other sites. Sale prices and promotions are not retroactive. We do not price adjust once your order has been placed.
Shipping
Standard Domestic Shipping - $7.95
Please note that small orders will arrive in a plastic bag.  These bags contain 50% post-consumer (recycled) plastic and are themselves 100% recyclable. We will soon replace the inside product bags with biodegradable plastic. As an environmental company, we are doing what we can to lower our negative impact on the earth.
Orders are shipped by a variety of methods in order to take advantage of the best price with reasonable shipping time. This helps us keep our flat rate shipping charge low. For small packages going to Western states, we typically use SmartPost (delivered by USPS). For larger packages and those going to the Mid-west and Eastern states we ship FedEx ground and cannot ship to PO Boxes. Packages to HI and AK always ship USPS. If any of these carriers do not serve your address, please contact us: 415-648-5000.
Orders over $500 require a signature.
All orders ship from our warehouse in Vacaville, California.
Orders do not process same day. Please allow 2 -3 business days for order processing, picking, and packing, plus 5 – 7 business days for delivery time.
Rush Shipping
We charge $20 for a rush order, which will arrive in 2 -3 business days. No Saturday deliveries. Call for overnight charges.
International Shipping
Canada shipping is $35.00. If the order exceeds 1 pound we will contact you with the actual shipping cost before we ship your order.
Overseas shipping is $35.00. If the order exceeds 1 pound we will contact you with the actual shipping cost before we ship your order.
All international orders, allow 10 - 15 business days for deliveries.
Exchanges / Returns
Order confidently from us, knowing you may return any products within 30 days of receipt for a refund as long as those products are unwashed, unworn (except for the purposes of trying on), have original tags attached and are not one of the exceptions below.
The following will not be accepted for return/exchange and will be shipped back to you at your expense or donated to a charity.
Panties
Clearance items, and $20 items
Items that have been worn, washed, modified, stained, or retain scents
Sale items can be returned for store credit only, no refunds.
Your order will include a return and exchange form. Please fill it out completely and include it with your returned item. If you do not have a return slip you can print our PDF Return Form, use the packing slip in your order, or simply enclose a note that includes your name and address and any exchange order.
Chose the carrier of you choice and return with a tracking number. We cannot credit you for returns that are not received by us unless you can provide proof of delivery.
Send returns to this address: Blue Canoe Returns, 1198 S Van Ness Ave,  # Unit 40830, San Francisco, CA 94110-0830.
You are responsible for return shipping costs. In the case of a rare flaw or incorrect shipment, please call before you return. On authorized returns we will refund up to $8.95 for return shipping.
We will not be responsible for returns that don't arrive.
Refunds are credited back to the original method of payment used, less shipping. Please allow 7 - 14 business days for your return/exchange to be processed. Please include your credit card information for any item you wish exchanged. A new customer's first exchange ships for free (Continental US only). All subsequent exchanges incur a shipping charge.
Size Chart
[Size chart will appear here (Click here if it does not load)]
Privacy
At Blue Canoe we value the privacy of our customers. If you buy from Blue Canoe you should know that we may on occasion share your postal address with third-parties. E-mail addresses are never shared.
Information Collection Practices Blue Canoe may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. We may also collect information about how Users interact with our website. This information is obtained through analysis of server logs and through the use of "cookies" placed on User machines. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on a PC to identify the User should they visit the website again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our website.
Information Usage Blue Canoe may use personally identifiable information collected through our website to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Blue Canoe and its trusted affiliates. We may also use information collected through our website for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and towards marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Blue Canoe, and its trusted affiliates.
If you prefer not to have your name shared, please click here or call 415-648-5000 extension 15.
If you would like to opt out of receiving print catalog mailings from Blue Canoe (maximum 4 per season), please click here, or call 415-648-5000 extension 15.
Contact Us
Email: Customer Service: info@bluecanoe.com
Phone:415-648-5000
FAX: 415-648-5009
Address: Blue Canoe                                                                                                              1198 S Van Ness Ave                                                                                                 # Unit 40830                                                                                                                  San Francisco, CA 94110-0830.
415-648-5000
Sign up for email updates & offers...
Customer Care
Ordering / Payment
Shipping
Exchanges / Returns
Size Chart
Privacy
Contact Us
More Ways to Shop
Lookbook
Download a PDF Catalog
Request a Printed Catalog
Gift Cards
Blue CaNews Newsletter
About Blue Canoe
A Bit About Us
Feel Good Fabrics
Made in the USA Works
Allergy Information
What Do You Do In Blue Canoe?
Blog
Wholesale
Lookbook
Sustainable Wholesale Clothing
Ordering
Sales Reps
Trade Shows
We run on a secure payment gateway
© 2020 Blue Canoe
Site by HYA Media