http://www.igadget.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to the content
Search for:
Close search
Close Menu
Home
About Us
FAQS
Contact Us
Latest updates
Specials
Information
Home
About Us
FAQS
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy CommitmentiGadget.com.au has created this Privacy Notice to demonstrate our commitment to protecting the privacy of our shoppers. Any and all information collected by iGadget.com.au will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, rented, loaned or otherwise voluntarily disclosed to any person or company. We will not use this information for any other purpose than to complete a customer order.
Information collected by iGadget.com.auNo information will be collected from browsing through iGadget.com.au on-line Catalogue and information pages. We only collect information at the time that you wish to contact us. In order to better serve our customers, we collect three types of information: Personally Identifiable Information (name, address, e-mail address, and phone numbers etc), and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (IP address, browser type etc).
Secure Communication with iGadget.com.auOur store is handled with industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. All details entered by the customers are transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted form which is unreadable to any person or persons attempting to intercept the information. iGadget.com.au is registered with an independent site certification. The certificate issued by the certification authority confirms to your browser that you are communicating securely with iGadget.com.au. This certificate enables secure communication between you and the server allowing safe transmission of personal information.
E-mail addressWhen customers submit their E-mail addresses to iGadget.com.au during an order, these details will be used by iGadget.com.au for the sole purpose of further and better customer service. iGadget.com.au will only use customer E-mail address to communicate with them about the status, cost and shipping details, any other changes required about any order or to reply to customer service enquires.