http://www.lullabylavender.co.nz/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Log in
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
About Us
Women
+
-
Sleepwear
Leisurewear
Linenwear
Silkwear
Cute Clothing
+
-
Boys
Girls
Merino
Baby Skincare
Accessories
Shop Location
Contact
Blog
Log in
Create account
Search
NZD
EUR
GBP
USD
CAD
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from lullabylavender.co.nz (the “Site”).
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Lullaby Lavender Limited.
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Google Services such as Google AdWords and Analytics are used to act as a processor of personal data of Site visitors. They have updated their terms and agreements to reflect the obligations of controllers and processors. such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, like the Twitter Share button,
My Account – When you create an account, you provide us with your personal information such as name, address, phone, and your order history will also be collected and stored in a secure database using SSL Technology.
Social Media Widgets such as Pinterest button and Google Plus. These buttons or interactive mini-programs run on our website. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
How we use collected information
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Improve customer service - Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
Communicate with you - Information you provide help us communicate with you to confirm orders or changes to the availability of the products.
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, we will provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site- read more about how Google uses your Personal Information on their Privacy Policy here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We share your Order Information to a third-party Payment Processor, particularly PayPal. Please read more about how PayPal use your Personal Information Collected on their  Policy here:
https://www.paypal.com/gi/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioural Advertising
We use third party network that access your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how- does-it-work.You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE  https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt- out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
TO EUROPEAN RESIDENTS
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contacting Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at sales@lullabylavender.co.nz or by mail using the details provided below:
Lullaby Lavender Ltd18 Plunket St., Kelburn  Wellington, New Zealand
Back to the top