https://www.caledoniandigital.co.uk/policies/
Skip to content Important PoliciesWe want you to feel safe and secure on our website and to trust us to treat you, your photos, and your personal data with respect at all times. Here is some important information you should know. If there is anything you are unsure about or are uncomfortable with please get in touch, we'll be glad to help.Refund PolicyOur goal is 100% customer satisfaction. Although we hope you will study our enhanced image carefully and be delighted before deciding to purchase, in the unlikely event that you are unhappy with your photo, please contact us within 28 days of receipt of the image with details of the problem. Caledonian Digital will continue to work on the image to resolve any issues, at no additional cost to you. If a satisfactory image can not be produced within 7 days, then you will be entitled to a full refund.In addition, all Paypal transactions (for invoicing and payment of invoices) are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy, which can be found here PayPal Privacy PolicySecurity PolicyCaledonian Digital do not directly access or store the credit card details of our customers. These are handled securely by our Payment service provider Paypal. Anti-Spam PolicyWe HATE Spam as much as you do. E-mail addresses collected for our newsletter, prize draws, or inquiries will only be used to provide you with details of services and promotions offered by Caledonian Digital. Our Newsletter will not be distributed more than once a month, and carries an easy opt-out facility. We will NOT share our e-mail list with any 3rd parties.Privacy PolicyCaledonian Digital respect and protect the privacy of our customers, and will not sell, rent, or otherwise divulge any customer information to any 3rd parties. Your images will NOT be used on any public areas of the Caledonian Digital website, or used in any promotional material for Caledonian Digital unless your express permission has been given.In addition, all Paypal transactions (for invoicing and payment of invoices) are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy, which can be found here PayPal Privacy Policy GDPR update 2018The contact form on our Contact Us page does not store any of your personal data on our website. It creates an email and sends it us at Caledonian Digital with the information you submit.We use Google Maps for your convenience on our Contact Us page so you can see where we are located in relation to where you are. We do not use your location data but Google might. Check out Google's own privacy policy here.The file-upload form on our Upload Photos page does have the capability to store your personal data on our website though it will not do that without your express approval. You do not need to give your approval for the form to work as we get the information you submit in an email.As we typically communicate with our customers and provide proof images via email, we do not actually use the data stored on the website, but you can ask to have it deleted at any time. We AcceptFIND US ON SOCIALFbTwitterYoutubecontact details46 Glen Shee Avenue, Neilston, Glasgow, G78 3QB01418764521info@caledoniandigital.co.uk