https://www.sawdustcityllc.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Personalized Products
Wooden Signs
All Wooden Signs
NEW! Plaid Pattern Signs
NEW! Farmhouse Signs
NEW! Framed Signs
Slat Signs
Beach Signs & Lake Signs
Cabin Signs & Cottage Signs
Family Signs & Friend Signs
All Family Signs & Friend Signs
Baby Signs & Kid Signs
Parent & Grandparent Signs
Famous Quotes
All Famous Quotes
Winnie the Pooh Signs
Wizard of Oz Signs
Food Signs & Drink Signs
All Food Signs & Drink Signs
Beer Signs
Chocolate Signs
Coffee Signs
Wine Signs
Funny Signs
All Funny Signs
Mottos To Live By
What Happens...
General Household Signs
Holiday Signs & Seasonal Signs
All Holiday Signs & Seasonal Signs
Valentine's Day Signs
St. Patrick's Day Signs
Easter Signs
Patriotic Signs
Halloween Signs
Thanksgiving Signs
Christmas Signs
Spring Signs
Summer Signs
Fall Signs
Winter Signs
Hunting Signs & Fishing Signs
International Signs & Heritage Signs
Monogram Letters
Mountain Signs & Northwoods Signs
Pet Signs
All Pet Signs
Cat Signs
Dog Signs
Horse Signs
School Signs & Work Signs
Spiritual Signs & Inspirational Signs
All Spiritual Signs & Inspirational Signs
Bible Verses
Vertical Signs
Wedding Signs & Anniversary Signs
Sports Signs & Gameroom Signs
Welcome Signs
Western Signs & Texas Signs
Furniture
All Furniture
Wood Benches
All Wood Benches
Benches with Shoe Storage
Storage Benches
Simple Wooden Benches
Toy Benches
Mudroom Furniture
All Mudroom Furniture
Cubby Benches & Storage
Entry Benches
Wooden Lockers
Cabinets & Cupboards
All Cabinets & Cupboards
Dry Sinks
Entryway Furniture
Country Wall Shelves
All Country Wall Shelves
Storage Shelves
Kitchen Hutches
Tables
Trash Bins & Recycle Bins
TV Stands, Media Tables, & Media Furniture
Coat Racks
Pine Bookcases & Display Cases
Wood Garden Furniture & Cedar Furniture
Storage Trunks & Chests
Shoe Storage
Rustic Furniture
Home Decor
All Home Decor
Bulletin Boards
Wood Shadow Boxes
Wood Framed Mirrors
Picture Frames
Custom Furniture Gallery
SALES & CLEARANCE
Popular Sign Sizes
7x18
3.5x10
7x7
9x12
7x36
9x18
9x36
3.25x30
12x12
10x48
View All
SawdustCityLLC
Home
Info
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Sawdust City LLC collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.sawdustcityllc.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Sawdust City LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Sawdust City LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Sawdust City LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, post a notification on the main page of our Site,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Sawdust City LLChttps://www.sawdustcityllc.com1422 Prairie Ln. Eau Claire, WI 54703800-717-3031info@sawdustcityllc.com
OK