http://www.howarth.uk.com/policies/privacy.aspx
Home
Instrument Finance
New Instruments
Sale Instruments
2nd Hand Instruments
Accessories
Sale Accessories
Music
Music Exams
Repairs
Rental Options
Contacting us
Maps and Directions
About us
Shop + Admin
Howarth of London
31 Chiltern Street
London
W1U 7PN
020 7935 2407
Manufacturing + Shop
19 Buckingham Road
Worthing
BN11 1TH
01903 239219
Privacy Policy
Please Note: this is this same text as the policy found in our Full Document here
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or other details to help you with your experience.
Payment-card information is not collected by our website. This information is handled only by our bank when you make payment.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, browse the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Information stored on our servers is only accessible by persons who have access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All card-payments are processed through a secure third-party provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website transfers to your computer through your Web browser. They allow the website to remember certain information during your visit.
For example, we use cookies to help us keep track of the contents of your shopping cart until your checkout. They are also used to help us understand your preferences on previous pages and if you “log in” as a registered user to our site.
We may also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. However, if you do this, certain sections of the website may not function as expected.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called ‘Google Analytics’ to collect information about the use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site.
We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognising you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Retaining personal information
We will retain your information on our systems when you register for an account, or allow your details to be stored by use to receive correspondence such as newsletters.
Beyond this time (or if you request your details to be removed), we shall only retain data as follows
to the extent that we are required to do so by law (including record-keeping for accounting purposes);
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice (and the option to opt out).
At times, your data may be visible to third parties such as website hosting partners and other professionals who assist us in maintaining our website, conducting our business, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release information when its release is required to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites or any broken links.
Last updated: 31 October 2019
You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this policy.
Search our Product Range
View Cart
Further Info
News
Howarth Dealers
Links
Manufacturing
Fun Stuff
Site Map
International Sales
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
London Hours
M-F:
9:30am - 5:30pm
Sat:
10:00am - 4:30pm
Sun:
Closed
Worthing Hours
M-F:
9:30am - 5:30pm
Sat:
Closed
Sun:
Closed