http://www.ringside.com/security-privacy-policy/
35% OFF Orders $50+
CODE: 3550
Ringside Boxing | The Best in Boxing
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search
Account
Sign In
Sign Up
Skip to Content
Call 877.426.9464   Wholesale/GSA  Contact Us $6.95 Shipping
Compare Products
35% OFF Orders $50+ | Use Code:3550
Ringside Boxing | The Best in Boxing
Menu
GlovesBoxing GlovesBoxing Bag GlovesBoxing Sparring GlovesBoxing Competition GlovesMMA GlovesMMA Bag GlovesMMA Sparring GlovesMMA Competition GlovesFitness GlovesKids GlovesProtectionHeadgearMouthguardsHand WrapsTape & GauzeGroin ProtectorsShin GuardsCoachingPunch MittsBody ProtectorsPunch Shields / Thai PadsCorner AccessoriesTraining MediaPunching BagsHeavy BagsSpeed Bags / PlatformsDouble End BagsSpecialty BagsFree Standing Heavy BagsStands / Bag HangersConditioningBalance Trainers & Aerobics EquipmentCardio MachinesCross TrainingCrossfit RigsMedicine, Exercise & Fitness BallsFoam RollersJump RopesResistance Training & Fitness BandsInterval Timers & Gym ScalesStorage RacksSuspension Training & TRX Trainer KitsWeight CuttingBoxing Weights AccessoriesBarsDumbbellsKettlebellsPlatesStorageGym EquipmentUpper BodyLower Body Workout MachinesWork out from homeExercise MatsApparelBoxing ShoesCompetition Boxing ApparelCasual ApparelBoxing T-ShirtsBoxing Workout & Training HoodiesPerformance Boxing ApparelCustom Boxing ApparelGym BagsRings & AccessoriesBoxing RingsCagesAccessories & FlooringScales / TimersMiscAwardsGifts / NoveltiesCompetition GearSaleBlogLiquidation
Custom Shop
Custom Shop
Need some custom gear? Ringside offers custom cages, belts and apparel for any size order you may have.
Get a quote
Custom Belts
Do you need a custom belt for your next tournament/event? Look no further. Ringside is able to deliver the custom belt designed to any specification.
Shop custom belts
Custom Rings
Are you looking for more information on custom rings? Look no further! Contact Alex Rojas for more information at 877.426.9464.
Shop custom rings
Custom Apparel
Need custom apparel to represent yourself and your team at your next tournament? Ringside boxing has the best custom apparel to help you represent!
Shop custom apparel
Home
Security / Privacy Policy
Security
At Ringside.com you are protected while you shop our online boxing store so that you never have to worry about credit card safety.
We guarantee that every transaction you make at Ringside.com will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at Ringside.com.
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank can not hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, Ringside.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. Ringside.com will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at ringside.com while using the secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Privacy Policy
Combat Brands, LLC, its subsidiaries, joint ventures and retail partners maintain the following privacy policy with respect to such information:
Combat Brands, LLC collects customer information to help us to serve you better. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. This privacy policy addresses the use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you. By visiting any of our websites, or providing your information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
Information We Collect About You
Any personal information you provide to us is maintained on secure servers and our internal systems. We collect information when you register online or update your account, log-in, place an order, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, request a catalog or participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey. We may also collect information from you in our stores or through our catalogs or other marketing material. This information may include, but is not limited to, your contact information (for example, your name, email address, billing and shipping addresses and phone number) and your credit card information.
If you use our "email this style to a friend" functionality found on all product pages, or if you choose to send an email from our site to a friend, we will also collect your friend's name and email address. Your friend's information is only used to send the forwarding email and is not saved in our customer or marketing databases.
In addition to the information that you voluntarily provide when using our site, we may also record information that your web browser routinely shares with websites. This may include your browser type, browser language, Internet Protocol address, software and hardware attributes, the date and time of your visit, the geographical location of the Internet Protocol address, and the pages that you visit. This will generally be anonymous data that we collect on an aggregate basis. We will not try to associate anonymous data with your personally identifiable data.
How We Use This Information
When you supply your postal address, either when requesting a catalog or placing an order, you may receive catalogs by mail from us. We also occasionally make our postal list available for limited use by unaffiliated third parties. When you place an order on any of our websites, we use this information to process and track your order and contact you via email, postal mail or phone if we have any questions or concerns regarding your order. If you provide an email address during checkout, you will also receive order confirmation and shipping status emails.
We also maintain a record of your purchases made on any of our websites and combine this with information you have provided in our retail stores or over the phone in order to serve you better. We may combine information you provide with demographic information and information that is publicly available. We may also use information about your product preferences and interests in order to improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience.
When we offer sweepstakes, contests, promotions or surveys, you may be required to provide certain personal information so we can notify winners and/or fulfill promotional obligations. In these instances, you have the option to receive emails or other communications from us regarding our products, services, contests, and promotions.
Even if you have previously chosen not to receive email or postal mail from us, you may still receive information as it relates to the sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey in which you have participated.
We may also share your information, including, without limitation, your email address (but not your credit card information) with unaffiliated third parties that would enable them to contact you about products or services you may be interested in. In the unlikely event of a sale of some or all of our business, Combat Brands, LLC may disclose your personal information to a purchaser that agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, administrative orders or other legal process or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order, to prevent fraud, to protect our rights or to protect the users of our websites or the public.
Marketing Email Communications
At various points on our websites, you have the option to join our email list and receive information about our products, services and offers. Also, if you provide us with your email address when you register online or update your account, log-in, place an order, opt-in to receive our emails, shop online, request a catalog or participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, you may automatically be added to our email list and receive marketing or promotional information from us.
If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, you may opt out by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all marketing emails, or you may email Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the following:
• The phrase "no email" in the subject line
• Your name and email address
From time to time, we may share your information, including, without limitation, email addresses (but not your credit card information), with unaffiliated third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you and who have their own privacy policy in place. If you do not wish to receive marketing emails from these third parties, you may opt-out by emailing customer service at Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the following:
• The phrase "do not share email" in the subject line
• Your name and email address
You can also contact us via postal mail regarding any of the above by writing to: Combat Brands, LLC, 15850 West 108th Street, Lenexa, KS, 66219 Or you may contact us by phone at
1-877-426-9464.
Please be aware that it can take up to 10 business days to remove you from our marketing email lists. If you opt-out from receiving our marketing emails, you will continue to receive order confirmation and shipping status emails. Changing Address or Catalog Preferences
If you do not want to receive catalogs, please send an email to Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the following:
•	The phrase "no catalog" in the subject line
•	Your name and your complete mailing address as it appears on your catalog
You will receive an email confirmation that your request has been received and processed. Although we strive to update our mailing list as frequently as possible, you might receive another catalog before we are able to remove you. If you do not want promotional offers or catalogs mailed to you from third parties, please send an email to Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the following: •	The phrase "do not share catalog" in the subject line
•	Your name and your complete mailing address as it appears on your catalog
If you want to change your postal or email address, please send an email to  Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the following:
•	The phrase "address change" in the subject line
•	Your name, complete old postal or email address and the new address that you would like to change it to
You will receive an email confirmation that your request has been received and processed.
You can also contact us via postal mail regarding any of the above by writing to:
Combat Brands, LLC, 15850 West 108th Street, Lenexa, KS, 66219
Or you may contact us by phone at
1-877-426-9464.
Your Online Account
When setting up an online account at any of our websites, you will be prompted to select a password. The retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created. After providing your password, you can edit or delete your information at any time through the "my account" page.
If you forget your password, you can request that it be emailed to your email address. We will not give passwords out over the phone, nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register. If you request to have your password emailed to you, your credit card information will be automatically deleted from your profile for your protection.
Your address book, located in the "my account" page of each website, is your personal storage space. We do not use the information in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail. When you enter names in your address book, those names will be accessible on your computer to place online orders on our website, whether you are logged in or not.
Links To Other Sites
To enhance your shopping experience, our websites may include links to other sites outside our family of brands. Those websites will have their own privacy policies that you may wish to review. We have no responsibility for these linked websites, outside of our family of brands.
Cookies And Web Beacons
Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. We use both session cookies, which are deleted after you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which remain on your computer until they expire or you delete them. Cookies do not retain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information, on your computer. We use cookies to recognize you and your preferences in order to improve the shopping process and provide you with a customized experience on our websites.
We place a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that we can then use to improve your shopping experience, such as holding items in your shopping bag, accessing your address book, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing history. If you do not wish to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's "help" section for instructions.
Web beacons are small strings of code that are placed in a web page. They are sometimes called "clear GIFs" (Graphics Interchange Format) or "pixel tags". Web beacons are most often used in conjunction with cookies to monitor activity on our websites. When you visit a particular web page, web beacons notify us of your visit. Since web beacons are used in combination with cookies, if you disable cookies the web beacons will only detect an anonymous website visit.
Privacy of Young Children
Combat Brands, LLC is concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We do not intend to sell products to children on our websites and all children's products we sell are intended for purchase by adults only.
Your California Rights
We collect various types of personal information about you both online and offline, as described in this privacy policy. Under California law, customers who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
Combat Brands, LLC, 15850 West 108th Street, Lenexa, KS, 66219.
Alternatively, you may send us an email at  Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service with the words "California Privacy Rights" in the subject line.
Website Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We use 256-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than Combat Brands, LLC. Once you enter the checkout page your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode.
You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
•	The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https".
•	Depending on the browser, you will see either a padlock or a solid key in the lower section of the browser window.
Only browsers that use the 256-bit Secure Socket Layer technology are able to order through our websites. If your browser does not support SSL, you can get an upgrade at Microsoft's or Netscape's home page.
While we implement these and other security measures on our sites, please note that 100% security is not always possible. You play a role in protecting your information as well. Because your password permits access to your personal information, please keep your password secret and do not disclose it to others.
Accessing Our Web Sites From Outside The US
If you visit one of our websites from outside of the U.S., you may be directed to a site that operates in the specific country or region from which you are accessing the internet. In that case, you will be subject to the privacy practices associated with that site, which may be different than the practices on the U.S. site. If you are visiting our U.S. websites from a location outside of the United States, you will be connected through and to servers located within the United States.
All online orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the United States and all information you provide will be securely maintained on web servers and our internal systems located within the United States. By providing your information to us, you agree that all personal information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update our privacy policy from time to time and our use of the information we collect is subject to the terms of the privacy policy in effect when we collect that information. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site and we encourage you to check our policy periodically. If we propose to modify our policy in a way that would significantly change the way that we use your information, we will provide you with a meaningful way to opt out of those new uses. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
• By email:  Combat Brands, LLC Customer Service
•	By phone:
1-877-426-9464
•	By fax: 913-888-2198
•	By mail: Combat Brands, LLC, 15850 West 108th Street, Lenexa, KS, 66219
Still don't want to use your credit card on the Internet?
No problem. Add everything you want to your cart and when your ready to place your order, give us a call at 877.426.9464 or 913.888.1719 and one of our customer service representatives will be happy to take your order over the phone.
Tournaments
Advanced Search
Search Terms
Technologies
Size Chart
Ringside Boxing
Whether you're an amateur or professional fighter, a coach, or into boxing for its fitness benefits, Ringside is the undisputed champion and has been for over thirty years. If you're in the fight game, you need the best boxing gear available and training equipment at affordable prices. From gloves and shoes to punching bags and boxing rings, Ringside is your source for the world's very best boxing equipment. We've earned our reputation as one of the world's largest and most dependable suppliers of boxing gear for participants of all levels. Before you get into the ring, make sure Ringside is in your corner.
About us
Company
Contact us
Ringside Blog
FAQ
Privacy Policy
2019 Dealer Catalog
Shipping / Returns
Size Chart
Technologies
Careers
Account Sign In
Site Map
Accessibility
Key Features
1
Ringside is the best in boxing
2
We speak Spanish | Se habla Español
3
Canadian customers | Clientes Mexicanos
4
Check out Fitness 1st & Combat Sports
Contact Information
Call Us +877.4.BOXING
esupport@ringside.com
15850 West 108th StLenexa, KS 66219
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
© 2020 Combat Brands LLC. All Rights Reserved.