http://www.cordlessworkz.com/privacy-policy-2.aspx
Select a Manufacturer
Ameriphone
AT&T
Audex
Battery
Bluespan
Clarity
Cobra
General Electric
Hitec
Motorola
Novelty
Olympia
On-Hold Plus
Oregon Scientific
Panasonic
Plantronics
Polycom
Siemens
Uniden
Vialta
VTech
Walker
Smart Bargains
DECT 6.0 Phones
5.8 GHz Phones
2.4 GHz Phones
Multi-Line Phones
Amplified Telephones
Assistive Devices
Internet Phones
Extra Handsets
Conference Phones
Language Translators
Headsets
Corded Phones
Novelty Phones
Audio
Wireless Weather
Cordless Phone Batteries
Accessories
Cell Phones and Plans
Under $75
$76 - $120
$121 - $150
Over $150
Home > Privacy Policy - Cordless Workz
Our Commitment to Privacy
If you shop atCordless Workzby phone or online, any personal information that you may share with us (and
with the business partners that may help this site function or assist us in
fulfilling your order) is kept absolutely private. Neither your name nor
anything about you is sold or shared with any other non-affiliated company or
agency.
We do, of course, ask you for
certain kinds of personal information (including, but not limited to your name,
address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information) in order to
provide the product(s) and service you request. Cordless Workz collects this
information in order to:
Process an order;
Verify your identity for payment
authorization;
Contact you regarding your order status;
Ship your order to you;
Send you news or special offers
from Cordless Workz (if you request);
Enter you in occasional promotions/giveaways
(if you request);
Generate anonymous statistics; and
Provide you with an excellent shopping
experience.
To opt out of receiving news or
special offer communications from Cordless Workz, justrequest to be removed. Our site
does usecookiesso that we can better serve
customers. To learn how we keep your personal information safe and secure,
please see our Security Statement.
If you have further questions,
please call us at 919.342.5055 ore-mail us.
Security
Cordless Workz is committed to
protecting the privacy of your personal information. To protect the information
you send from your computer to Cordless Workz's e-commerce system, this
information — including your credit card number, name, and address — is
encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. Internally, we use
encryption and Web security technologies to protect the privacy of your personal
data. Only parties responsible for processing your order have access to your
credit card and bank information.
Cordless Workz continuously
reviews its policies and practices to ensure that all customer information
remains secure.
Cookies and the Use of Technology
&quoteCookies&quote are small pieces of
information that are stored by your browser on your computer hard drive. You
must have cookies enabled in order for you to be able to perform many of the
general functions on the Cordless Workz Web site. With cookies enabled, the Cordless Workz
Web site will have the capacity to deliver to you a more customized and complete
shopping experience, to track visits from our affiliates and partners and to
enable the use of our shopping cart. Cordless Workz does not use
cookies to store or collect any personal information such as names, addresses,
or payment information. To learn how to enable cookies on your computer, please
visit the Web site that corresponds to the browser you use.
Third-Party Web Beacons / Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These advertisers may use cookies to track your visits to this site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Please view the respective third party site's privacy policy to learn about their privacy practices.We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!,click here.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site and to analyze traffic. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. For more information, visit theGoogle advertising privacy policies.
Why Buy fromCordless Workz?
1. Low Prices.
2. FREE Shipping.
3. Easy Returns.
Your cart is empty.
Email Address:
NewsletterJohn
Free Shipping/Order Processing |
Buyer's Guide |
Help |
Contact
|
Returns Policy |
About Us
Ph: 800.516.4279
Terms of Use |
Privacy
Policy |
Customer Testimonials
Copyright © 2004-2020 Cordless
Workz, a NETSTAKE LLC company. All rights reserved.