https://www.juliastubbe.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to you and to us, and we are committed to protecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy discloses the information practices of JuliaStubbe and its data collection and any other methods of interacting with us.
Who we are
JuliaStubbe is a wellness service provider for people and activities conducted via telephone, the internet, text messaging, and other methods. Following working with JuliaStubbe customer satisfaction is important to us. We collect data using opt-in forms, membership registration, events registration, and product purchases accessible on JuliaStubbe externally hosted site and in person.
What is personal INFormation
Personal Information is information about an identifiable individual. It may include your full name, address, zip code, telephone number, date of birth, email address, demographic/classification information (e.g. education or age), and any other information that identifies who you are or would allow someone to contact you. It also may include client program membership or loyalty numbers. Your contact information may be used as required to follow up on your feedback so you can be contacted by employees or representatives of JuliaStubbe. Personal Information only becomes known to JuliaStubbe when you voluntarily provide it to us.
We also collect information about you to manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you.  Website usage information is collected using cookies.  We use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits to our website.  We may also use your details for internet fraud prevention.
If you choose to take a survey, register, or submit personally identifiable information to us, you agree to the use of such information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you elect not to provide your Personal Information or other information to us, you will be ineligible to participate in any incentive contest that is offered on the Sites. If you have already submitted Personal Information and would like us to remove it from our records,contact JuliaStubbe.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies and IP Addresses
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further generalized information about cookies visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
We use your IP address obtained through cookies to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Sites. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. Our Sites may use cookies to make sure you don’t access the same survey repeatedly and to determine the browser the visitor uses so the Sites can be designed to work properly with the most common versions of different browsers. If used, these cookies are not linked to any Personal Information. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Sites; however, you may not be able to access all areas or features.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Privacy in Specific Circumstances
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do not intentionally share any of your date outside of our company.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Privacy in Specific Circumstances
Children’s Information JuliaStubbe does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to participate in any survey, contest or other offering from us. If you are under 16, please do not send us your Personal Information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. However, we have no obligation to search for, confirm, or identify such information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16 please contact us by email at customercare@juliastubbe.com and provide particulars of the situation.
Using and Sharing Personal Information The following paragraphs describe in more detail how JuliaStubbe may use your personal information in specific circumstances. Depending on the specific interaction you have with JuliaStubbe, one or more of the following may apply.
Assistance to Complete a Survey In certain circumstances you may require assistance from JuliaStubbe to complete an intake or survey. If the intake or survey is being administered by telephone, you may be required to leave a voice message. If the intake survey is being administered online or by other text media, you may be asked to post a message to JuliaStubbe using an e-form or e-mail. Personal Information may be required. In this case, the Personal Information will only be used to contact you for the intent of resolving their difficulty in accessing and completing a Survey.
Promotional and Incentive Contests JuliaStubbe or its clients may offer various promotions, incentives, or sweepstakes from time to time. When entering a promotional contest, we, our client, or our client’s fulfillment vendor may ask for your name, date of birth, address (e-mail and/or residential), financial information (such as income level), or phone number so that we may communicate with you in the event you are a winner.
Telephone ANI VisibilityWhen you dial a toll-free number in the United States, the party you are calling pays for the call. The called party is able to identify your telephone number using a telephone network technology called Automatic Number Identification (ANI). FCC rules limit parties that own toll-free numbers from distributing the telephone numbers identified through ANI and require telephone companies to inform customers that their telephone numbers are being transmitted to toll-free numbers in this way. If you take a JuliaStubbe telephone survey, both JuliaStubbe and its clients may have access to your ANI, but, per FCC rules, will not distribute that telephone number further.
Opt-In For certain surveys and other opt-in services, JuliaStubbe may collect profile (e.g. personal interests) and demographic information (e.g. household income, etc). This information will be used to communicate specific information to you based on the profile and demographic information you provide. Some surveys and opt-in services offer visitors the option of participating in additional surveys or receiving information from JuliaStubbe or from a JuliaStubbe client or business partner. Visitors must opt-in if they wish to participate or receive such information, and if they do, their Personal Information may be used by JuliaStubbe and/or shared with a client of JuliaStubbe or business partner for that purpose.
Fulfilling Your Transaction Request If you request something from a JuliaStubbe web site, for example, a product or service, a whitepaper, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, other parts of JuliaStubbe and business partners involved in the fulfillment. If you request information about our products or services, we may follow up with you in the future with additional information that we think may be of interest to you. You will always have an opportunity to opt out of receiving such communications. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you for market research purposes.
When You Contact Us Our Sites’ contact forms may request your name and contact information, potentially including telephone numbers. An email address is required to post a message to JuliaStubbe using an e-form.
Public Forums The Sites may make chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups available to its visitors. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Subscription Registration If you register for a subscription (e.g. to a newsletter or other communication) we will use the registration information that you submit to process your request. We will keep this information in a database. In addition, we may contact you about future publications and JuliaStubbe services that may be of interest to you. You will always have an opportunity to opt out of receiving such communications.
Disclosure of Aggregate Information JuliaStubbe reserves the right to use non-personal customer and/or employee data in aggregate for the purposes of generating “norms” and industry benchmarks, etc.
Job Applications If you submit a job application toJuliaStubbe, we may use the Personal Information that you supply, such as your email address and phone number, to contact you about possible job openings. We may also contact previous employers and references, unless you instruct us not to.
Disclosures Required by Law Be aware that in certain circumstances, it is possible that Personal Information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders. This includes the investigation of network abuse or a violation of our terms of use or other published guidelines, or as a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us.
New Use of Personal Information Should JuliaStubbe wish to use your Personal Information for a purpose not contemplated at the time of initial collection, such as additional services, products, or promotional offers that may be of interest to you, we will use your contact information, including your email address, to ask for your consent to use your Personal Information for the new purpose.
Links to Third-Party SitesThe Sites contain links to third-party sites. Neither JuliaStubbe nor any of its affiliates are responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party Web sites. JuliaStubbe co-branded sites and content partner sites have privacy policies independent of JuliaStubbe. We do not control the privacy practices of those sites and therefore strongly encourage users to familiarize themselves with the privacy practices and customs of any web site controlled by a third party before disclosing any Personal Information on that site. JuliaStubbe may share aggregate information with co-branded and other related sites, however this aggregated information does not contain personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy extends only to data collected on pages hosted on the JuliaStubbe servers.
Security, Storage, and Retention of Information The Sites (including, but not limited to: websites, surveys, reporting applications, and data transfer applications), have commercially reasonable security measures consistent with industry standards in place to protect against the loss, misuse and interception of information by third parties. JuliaStubbe holds the physical hosting facilities to these same standards. Nevertheless, JuliaStubbe assumes no liability for interception, alteration or misuse of information transmitted over the Internet.JuliaStubbe imposes strict internal controls over employees with access to Customer Information. Such access is granted only on a need-to-know basis. JuliaStubbe will retain Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) will remain valid after termination of our interaction with you.
Our Worldwide Practices JuliaStubbe conducts business globally, with people, processes, and stems that cross borders. Our privacy practices are designed to provide protection for your Personal Information, all over the world.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be amended at any time, without prior notification.
How to Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any complaints, questions about the Privacy Policy, or for access to the information we hold about you:
By Email: customercare@juliastubbe.com
Or write us at:  JuliaStubbe, Attn: Privacy Team, 111395 SW 139th Street, Dunnelton FL, 34432 USA.
Get Julia's Newsletter with the Latest News and Events.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Pin It on Pinterest
Shares
Share This
Facebook
LinkedIn