http://www.rockyhorrors.co.uk/terms
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions.Please read through our terms and conditions carefully before placing your order.By using this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions set out below. Please also read our privacy statement regarding personal information provided by you.If you have any queries relating to these terms and conditions, please email our customer service team at info@rockyhorrors.co.ukWe may change these terms and conditions at any time. Any changes will take effect on the date they are posted on our website. We will also inform you on our news page on this website. These terms and conditions are governed by English law and in the case of a dispute are subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. We do not accept amendments to these terms and conditions.Failure by us to enforce any of these terms and conditions will not affect our right to enforce the rest of these terms and conditions.We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage, which may arise from the use of any information contained in any of the materials on this website.All rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by the rockyhorrors.co.uk. Any use of the site or its contents, including copying or storing it in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the written permission of the rockyhorrors.co.uk. Certain (hypertext) links in this site will lead to websites which are either hosted by our partners or other selected third parties. When you activate any of these you will leave the rockyhorrors.co.uk website and we have no control over, and will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of, the material on any website which is not under our control. These exclusions of liability shall not apply to any damages arising from death or personal injury caused by our negligence. Customer Orders We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions.All orders placed on our website will be acknowledged electronically by email. Please note that electronic acknowledgements do not constitute order confirmation or order acceptance. Your order will be accepted and the creation of a legally binding contract between you and us will take place once the goods have been dispatched or collected. Alternatively, we may decline all or part of your order for any reason, in which case we will inform you in person, by telephone or by email.When deciding whether or not to accept your order we may use certain information about you, including any received from credit reference agency checks. This helps to protect you and us against fraudulent transactions.We will tell you if your payment details cannot be authorised for any reason and may invite you to pay by another method or, if local, suggest that you visit our store.The total price payable will be stipulated at the time when you place your order whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We are entitled to make adjustments to the price to take account of any increase in suppliers’ prices, or the imposition of any taxes or duties, or if due to an error or omission the price published for the goods is wrong whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We will inform you of the correct price and give you the opportunity to cancel the order. All prices are inclusive of VAT but exclusive of delivery charges unless stated otherwise. Any delivery charge will be payable as indicated at the time the order is placed. Prices, offers and products are subject to availability and may change before (but not after) we accept your order. If a product becomes unavailable we will inform you of this and try to offer an alternative. If there is no alternative that you are happy with we will issue a refund.If it is not possible to deliver to the address provided and goods are returned to us by our couriers we may charge an administration fee. Please provide a delivery address where someone is available to take delivery and sign for the goods. Order processing and trackingYour order comes directly to our secure website for processing. Once we have received your order and payment, our staff will pick, pack and dispatch the item. We will aim to do this the same day for all orders received before 12 noon Mon-Fri (excl bank holidays). You can track the progress of your order at any time by logging into My Account from the Home page on this website. New Rock OrdersSo that we can offer you a wider range of New Rock boots styles and sizes we offer a 'drop ship' service for boots which are out of stock. If we do not have a particular boot in stock onsite it can be ordered as 5-10 working day delivery, this means the boots are dispatched from the New Rock warehouse in Spain and may take up to 10 working days for delivery. Please provide a current contact number for all New Rock orders as it is required for us to process your order, dispatch may be delayed without it. We now also offer a wide range of custom make only boots. These take up to 60 days to manufacture after we have received the order. Any boots listed on the site as custom make only are made to order, they may appear as 'in stock' but this only means they are available for purchase. They will take up to 60 days to be made and delivered. If you have any queries regarding New Rock delivery or would like to request a faster delivery service (not available on custom make boots) please call 01142493461 or e-mail us at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk and an extra charge for faster delivery will be applied. DeliveryWe will only deliver goods to the address on the order. United Kingdom:Delivery within the United Kingdom is usually 1-5 working days.We use Royal Mail, DPD, Parcelforce or alternative couriers at our discretion.Guaranteed next day delivery is available, the cost is weight based and will normally be shown at the checkout.New Rock 'Drop Ships' are sent from Spain via UPS or Fedex which usually takes 5-10 working days to deliver. We can also offer 48 hour delivery but PLEASE call first to confirm the service, sometimes there are delays caused by New Rock that are out of our control so to avoid disappointment or delay call on 01142493461. Postage costs* will be displayed at the checkout.A surcharge may be requested for deliveries to Northern Ireland, Scottish Highlands, Isle of Wight, Channel Islands and other Offshore Islands.The following postcodes are classified as the Highlands for billing purposes:IV - all postcodesKW 1-14PA 34, 37, 38 & 39PH 19-26, 30-40, 49 & 50PH 41 sector 4 Republic of Ireland / Europe:Delivery to the Republic of Ireland and Europe are usually via Royal Mail International Signed For Airmail, and some items are also sent via courier service depending on weight and value of items.Rest of the world:International orders are usually sent via Royal Mail Standard Parcel or courier depending on weight and value. Returns PolicyWe hope that you will be 100% happy with your purchase and if not, you may return any un-used and un-marked items. Please ensure that any footwear has only been tried on, on a carpet as we can not accept footwear which shows signs of marking to the soles, this is particularly important with leather soles, or creases to the uppers. If you wish to return goods please fill in the return form which can be found by clicking the "Returns" link at the bottom of the home page under "CUSTOMER SERVICE". Please let us know if you would like an exchange or refund by including a note in the parcel.We will accept returns up to 30 days after delivery subject to the following conditions:A full refund will be processed when non-faulty or otherwise satisfactory goods are returned within thirty days of delivery but please note that any original delivery charge, for example express delivery, is not refunded.Goods should be returned unworn and with their original packaging. You must also take reasonable care of the goods whilst they are in your possession. PLEASE NOTE that returning goods under the cooling-off period allowed by the Distance Selling Regulations is at your cost unless we have supplied alternative goods that you have not found acceptable. You should take care to ensure the goods are returned to us in a new and unworn condition. When returning goods we recommend using a tracked and signed service or Royal Mail "signed for" delivery as you are then guaranteed a signature. If you do not choose to use recorded delivery we recommend that you obtain a free certificate of postage which should be kept in a safe place as this will be required if any return parcels go astray. We recommend that you insure the package to the value of the goods being returned.Christmas ReturnsWe will accept returns up until 14th January or 30 days after delivery which ever is later. If for any reason you need longer just let us know at the time when you order. We will be happy to exchange or refund so don't be afraid of getting the wrong size. We just want happy customers who will come back again.Return Instructions1. Please fill in the "Returns" section at the bottom of the home page under "Customer Service".2. Return items to the address given below. Please include a note stating your full name and order number, reason for returning and what would you like to do (exchange or refund). We recommend that you use a tracked and/or signed service but this is entirely at your discretion. Please return the boots in a suitable packing bag and please do not attach any labels directly to the box, the packing bag that the boots came in can usually be re-used.Returns DeptRocky Horrors97 Division StreetSheffieldSouth YorkshireS1 4GEUK3. Refunds and exchanges (if requested) will be processed once your goods are received into our shop. Please note that it may take several days for any refund to show in your account. You will be refunded on to the card that the goods were purchased with or Paypal depending on your payment method used.All goods must be un-used and in the same condition in which they were received.Footwear must only have been tried on on a carpeted surface and if there are any signs of wear or creasing to the uppers or marks to the soles the return may be rejected.If goods are returned more than 30 days after delivery without prior written arrangement an administration fee may be charged or the return rejected.Please do not stick tape or labels to the box itself as this would constitute the goods not being returned in the original condition and your return may be rejected.PLEASE NOTE for returns OUTSIDE UK MAINLAND or EUROPEAN UNION the package must be clearly marked with the following statement “RETURNED GOODS”. If the package does not clearly state this then we may not be able to accept delivery of the return package and therefore unable to issue a refund. We recommend that you post any items back to us with appropriate insurance as we cannot be held liable for items lost in the mail.Any refund will be processed once your goods are received into our warehouse. Please note that it may take several days for the refund to show in your account. You will be refunded using the same method you used to purchase the goods. ExchangesExchanges will be sent out once your goods are received into our warehouse so long as we have the item(s) in stock. If the item(s) are out of stock we will contact you to let you know when we expect a delivery from our suppliers. If you are returning an item because it is the wrong size please state clearly which size you require. Please provide your full name, address, contact number and order number with the return.If we have made a mistake on an item sent to you or if it is faulty and unfit for purpose, we will refund the delivery charges once we have examined the goods. If it is found that the goods have been worn or damaged by the customer we will be unable to issue a full refund.Your UK statutory rights are not affected by our returns policy. Product InformationWe have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours of our products that appear on the website. However, as the actual colours you will see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colours will accurately reflect the colour of the product on delivery. Most items are made from natural materials and may differ slightly from any photographs.All sizes and measurements are approximate; however we do make every effort to ensure they are as accurate as possible. Unless otherwise stated, sizes indicated are UK sizes. Please refer to the size guide for clarification.We  take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto our system. We reserve the right to refuse orders where product information has been mis-published, including prices and promotions.Prices are subject to change without notice. Prices are inclusive of UK VAT (as applicable).Goods are subject to availability. As there is a delay between the time when the order is placed and the time when the order becomes accepted, the stock position relating to particular items may change. If an item you have ordered becomes out of stock before we accept the order we shall notify you as soon as possible and you will not be charged for the out of stock items. General InformationWe continually update our online store. From time to time our retail store may run special local promotions (which may not be available on our website) or we may offer special discounts online that are not available in store. Some website promotions may not be available to customers in certain locations.When you place an order on our website we shall email you an acknowledgement. Our acceptance of an order does not take place until dispatch of the order, at which point the purchase contract will be made and you will have been charged accordingly.Once you have checked out and your order has been confirmed you will not be able to make any changes to your order so please make sure that everything is correct before clicking the confirm button.Any discounts triggered by the entry of a promotional code will not be applied until the order is accepted but will be detailed on the invoice.We reserve the right to refuse any order. Non-acceptance of an order may, for example, result from one of the following:    The product ordered being unavailable from stock    Our inability to obtain authorisation of payment    The identification of an error within the product information, including price or promotion.If there are any problems with your order we shall contact you. We reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase by you at any time.We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is within our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the website.Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the Distance Selling Regulations. SecurityWe use Paypal and Sagepay for payments so you will be redirected the their secure website. We do not store any card details on our website. We can not take any further payments from your account after you have placed the order. Privacy Policy StatementAt rockyhorrors.co.uk we are committed to maintaining your privacy. If we make any changes to this policy we will update this statement on our website and inform you on our News page on the website.What information do we collect?We ask for your name, telephone number, home address, email address and date of birth for competitions, prize draws or newsletter sign ups. When a purchase is made on our site, in addition to the above, we also ask for delivery address and payment method details. We may obtain information about your usage of our website to help us develop and improve it further. Your data will enable us, and our processors, to fulfil your order and to notify you about important functionality changes.We may also send you email newsletters from time to time to inform you about our products, services, promotions and special offers from the rockyhorrors.co.uk. If you do not wish to receive email newsletters simply unselect the option when you sign up to our website or alternatively unsubscribe from the email at any time or send an email to our customer service department at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk in each case writing 'unsubscribe' in the subject heading.Alternatively if you wish to subscribe or re-subscribe please either use the links on the website or contact our customer service department at the above email address writing subscribe in the subject heading.We comply with the standards, procedures and requirements laid down in the UK Data Protection Act to ensure the personal information you give us is kept secure and is processed fairly and lawfully.In assessing your request for goods or services, we may use your information for the purposes of the prevention and detection of fraud. At all times where we disclose such information it will remain secure. If you believe your details are incorrect you may correct those details by logging in to My Account from the Homepage. Or alternatively you can contact us. Further InformationIf you need any further information or if your query relates to an order or feedback regarding this site then email us at:info@rockyhorrors.co.uk.Or call our customer service team between 10am and 6pm Monday to Friday (excluding bank holidays) on:UK Customers - 0114 2493461International Customers - +44 114 2493461You can also contact our retail store in Sheffield between 10am and 6pm Monday to Saturday:UK Customers - 0114 249 3461International Customers - +44 114 2493461Address:Rocky Horrors97 Division StreetSHEFFIELDS1 4GEUnited Kingdom All correspondence must be in English. Our VAT number is: 533842543