http://www.twowheelgear.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Bike Suit Bags
Classic 3.0 Garment Pannier
Classic 2.1 Garment Pannier
Convertible Panniers
Pannier Backpack 2.0
Pannier Laptop Messenger
Backpacks
Commute Backpack
Commute Backpack Kit
Handlebar Bags
Dayliner Handlebar & Trunk Box Bag
Dayliner Mini Handlebar Bag
Mini Messenger Handlebar Bag
Frame & Seat Packs
Commute Top Tube Bag
Commute Seat Pack
Parts
Shop Now
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note:  The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, titles, addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Online Advertising
We have active Google Adwords campaigns collecting cookies from our web users. This information is used for conversion and remarketing purposes.
You Should be Informed of the Following:
www.twowheelgear.com has implemented and uses Display Advertising.
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.
www.twowheelgear.com uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet.
www.twowheelgear.com and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to your website.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.