https://www.visiondirect.co.uk/cookie-policy
Contact Lenses by Brand
Acuvue
Air Optix
Biofinity
Clariti
everclear
Dailies
Freshlook
View All Brands
Contact Lenses by Type
Daily Contact Lenses
Two Weekly Contact Lenses
Monthly Contact Lenses
Torics for Astigmatism
Multifocal Contact Lenses
Coloured Contact Lenses
Silicone Hydrogel Lenses
Extended Wear Contact Lenses
View All Contact Lenses
Eye Care
Dry Eye Treatments
Eye Drops
Eye Vitamins
Hygiene and Lid Care
Eye Wash & Sprays
Solutions
Multi-purpose
Cleaners & Salines
Gas Permeable
Travel Packs
Hydrogen peroxide
OFFERS
Delivery Information
Contact Us
Login
js-menu__logged-name
My Account
Reorder in 3 clicks
View Orders
Log Out
UK - 020 7768 5000
USA - 1 800 870 0741
Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Get £20 store credit
365-day guarantee
Next day delivery
Rated Excellent
Home
/
Cookie Policy UK
Shop by Brands
Acuvue
Acuvue Oasys
Air Optix
Avaira
Biofinity
Biomedics
Clariti
Dailies
easyvision equivalent
everclear
Focus Dailies
Freshlook
MyDay
Proclear
PureVision
SofLens
See More >>
Shop by Type
Contact Lenses
Torics for Astigmatism
Cheap Contact Lenses
Coloured Contact Lenses
Multifocal Contact Lenses
Silicone Hydrogel Lenses
Contact Lens Solutions
Eye Drops
Shop by Wear
Daily Lenses
Monthly Contact Lenses
Two Weekly Lenses
Extended Wear Lenses
View All >>
Optician Equivalents
Boots
Daysoft
Hubble
Specsavers | easyvision
Vision Express
Waldo
See More >>
Best Sellers
1 Day Acuvue Moist
everclear ADM
Dailies AquaComfort Plus
Acuvue Oasys
1 Day Acuvue Moist for Astigmatism
Dailies Total 1
See More >>
Buyer's Guides
COVID-19 contact lens safety tips
Coronavirus and your eyes
How to put in contact lenses
How to take out contact lenses
How to use eye drops
No prescription contacts
See More >>
Cookie Policy
This website may install certain cookies on your computer, tablet or smartphone. We use our own cookies and third-party cookies to provide our customers with a better service and a better browsing experience. If you visit our website, we consider that an acceptance of the use of cookies. Our cookies are carefully chosen to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected. All cookies used on this website are in accordance with cookie law and the European privacy directive.If you want, you can refuse the use of cookies through the settings or options of your browser. Please note: if you have modified the cookie settings for our website, you may not be able to use some parts of the website.A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone during your visit to our website. Information is stored in this text file. This information can be recognized again by this website on a later visit. Sometimes another website can read the cookie and store information in it.
You can allow, block or delete cookies on your computer by modifying your broswer's options. When you have modified the cookie settings for our website, you may not be able to use some parts of the website correctly.
If you do not want to enable us to place cookies on your device, you can refuse the use of cookies through the settings or options of your browser. For each browser and each computer you have to adjust the settings separately. It is advisable to ensure that your internet browser is up to date. Please refer to the websites of your browser provider for further information on how to change cookie settings.
Types of cookie used on our website:
Own cookies
These are cookies that are necessary for the fundamental operation of our website. They ensure that you can connect to secured zones such as shopping cart or electronic billing services.
Third-party cookies
These are cookies that are sent to your computer or electronic device from a domain or website that is not operated by us. We use the following third-party cookies:
Social media: This website has buttons for promoting or sharing pages on Facebook, Twitter and Google+. These buttons work through a code that comes from these social networks themselves. Cookies are placed through this code over which we have no influence. Read Facebook, Twitter and Google's privacy statements (which can change regularly) to see what they do with the data that they process with this code.
Google Analytics: Through our website a cookie is placed from Google, as part of the "Analytics" service. We use this service to track and get reports on how visitors use the website. Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or if third parties process the information on behalf of Google. We allow Google to use the obtained Analytics information for other Google services, we anonymize the IP addresses and have entered into a processor agreement with Google. The information that Google collects is anonymised as much as possible.
Google AdWords Conversion: This application was developed by Google to increase AdWords conversions and reduce costs per acquisition. Conversion Optimizer studies the obtained information and tracks the number of conversions to find out how often each type of action leads to a conversion. Conversion Optimizer thus achieves a model that predicts which actions will have better results in the future.
Google Tag manager: Application developed by Google, used to obtain and analyze the navigation behavior of the user.
Zopim: The Zopim tool uses cookies to enable live chat with customer service.
MUID: Microsoft cookie that identifies unique browsers. It is used for advertisements, website analytics and other operational purposes.
Analytical or performance cookies
These allow us to quantify the number of users and to perform a statistical analysis of the users of our website. We analyze navigation on our website to improve the function of the website, to ensure that users can easily find what they want or to improve the services we offer.
Session cookies
By means of session cookies we can see which parts of the website you have viewed with this visit. For example, during your visit to our website, your preferences and login details for current and future visits will be remembered. These session cookies are automatically removed when you close the web browser.