http://www.sliversmill.com/privacy.html
Loading, Please Wait...
Home
About
Contact
Customer Reviews
Delivery & Returns
Guarantee
Application Chart
Sawblade Terms
Sharpening
Search Our Store
Search
Shop By Brand
Forrest Saw Blades
Leecraft
AMANA TOOL
CMT Orange Tools
Oshlun
POPULAR TOOLS
MicroJig
Rosettes & Plinth Blocks
Looking for rosettes,
plinth blocks,
moulding or wood stair parts?
Check out our sister site,
Little Buffalo Moulding and Stair Parts
Customer Reviews
Janet, Received and installed
the table saw insert and its installed and working perfectly. Appreciate your assistance in locating the required insert. It fit perfectly and am impressed by your customer patience and service, as well as the quick response time on delivery. Thank you, Art
From: Art
C.
Read More Reviews
Write Your Review
Products On Sale
#DVC-538K2+MB-050-0514
Micro Jig MATCHFIT Dovetail Clamp Set & Micro-Jig Dovetail Router Bit
WAS $74.95
NOW $67.99
See All Sale Items
Slivers Mill - Privacy Policy
Introduction
Slivers Mill collects personally identifying information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. We are dedicated to providing you with a compelling service to help you make the most of your time on the Internet. The more we know about you, the better we can serve your needs. We recognize that we need to earn your trust, and firmly believe that you should know exactly what personally identifying information we collect and how we are going to use it before you share it with us.
Basic Statement
Personally identifying information that you provide to Slivers Mill will not be made available to third parties without your explicit permission. We will collect personally identifying information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. Your personally identifying information will only be used to personalize your experience with our website or for such other purposes as are described at any point where Slivers Mill collects this information from you.
Slivers Mill may make aggregate information about our customers (e.g. overall statistics) available to third parties for advertising and other purposes. However, any information that personally identifies you will be kept strictly confidential. Personally identifying information that you choose to provide to another party or website will be subject to their privacy policy.
What is "Personally Identifying Information?"
"Personally identifying information" is information that can be explicitly used to identify and/or contact you as an individual. This includes information such as your real name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, etc. Information that, by itself, cannot be explicitly linked with your "real" identity is not considered personally identifying. Examples of this are favorite or bookmarked websites, or your preferences with respect to how you wish to see a given page, or site set up according to the selections you choose.
On occasion, Slivers Mill may ask you for personal information such as your name or address. We do this when you register for contests/promotions or services that require registration or subscription. Slivers Mill needs to collect this information for fulfilling prizes, and for tracking/verifying compliance with Slivers Mill policies. It may also be needed for purposes of compliance with federal, provincial, and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes. When we intend to use your personal information, we will seek and obtain your written permission first. This way you can decide whether you want to permit us to use the information.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site; e.g., the items you have in a "shopping cart" for an online store. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and most websites use them to provide great features for their customers.
Slivers Mill has two primary uses for cookies. First, we use them to specify unique preferences. Second, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the Slivers Mill service that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to the Slivers Mill always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the Slivers Mill website service may not function as effectively, or at all, if you refuse cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on the Slivers Mill website, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from the Slivers Mill pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a search result, the "click" takes you off the Slivers Mill site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use the Slivers Mill logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up!
Slivers Mill's privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Slivers Mill's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
E-Mail To Us
When you send us e-mail, we will use your name and e-mail address only to respond to the concerns you write about. Your e-mail may be shared with appropriate people within the Slivers Mill organization to help us respond to your concerns and/or to improve the Career Slivers Mill web site.
Changes To This Policy
From time to time, Slivers Mill may introduce new products and services to its users and members. Slivers Mill reserves the right to modify this policy at any time by notifying customers, via this website, of a new privacy policy. You can contact us with any further questions.
Merchant Services
Copyright © 2001-Present Slivers Mill
Website Development and Web Hosting by Online Media
(0)
(716) 685-4458
Slivers Mill
PREMIUM SAW BLADES
and Industrial Cutting Tools
Home
About
Contact
Customer Reviews
Delivery & Returns
Guarantee
Application Chart
Sawblade Terms
Sharpening
Shop By Department:
Accessories
Zero-Clearance Inserts
Saw Blades
Micro-Jig Products
Holiday Gift Ideas
Oscillating Tool Blades
Router Bits
Hole Saws
Shop By Brand:
Forrest Saw Blades
Leecraft
AMANA TOOL
CMT Orange Tools
Oshlun
POPULAR TOOLS
MicroJig
Search Our Store:
SEARCH