https://www.dovecotepress.com/privacy-policy/
01258 840 549
office@dovecotepress.com
Twitter
Twitter
Terms & Charges
My Account
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Privacy
The Dovecote Press is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We do not store the financial details of our customers and we never share any personal details with third parties. Any information we do ask you to provide will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
The Dovecote Press may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, and we suggest you check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with these changes. This privacy policy is effective from October 1st 2014 and is in accordance with UK law.
What information do we collect & why?
Your name and contact information is collected online and used to process orders and for any other internal record-keeping which relates only to your purchase. We will periodically send emails or catalogues to those who wish to be kept updated with news on new books and special offers, but only if you sign up to our newsletter or if you tick the box in the checkout. If however you have ticked the box accidentally or have simply changed your mind about receiving information from us, please let us know by writing to office@dovecotepress.com
You may at any time request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to: The Dovecote Press, Stanbridge, Wimborne, Dorset BH21 4JD. Likewise, if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know and we will change any incorrect information.
Security
The Dovecote Press is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites of interest, but once you have used these links to leave our site we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
News from Dovecote Press
Buy a signed copy of Purbeck Stone
Acclaim for Reynolds Stone: A Memoir
Reynolds Stone: A Memoir
‘Lost Dorset’ paperback NOW AVAILABLE
Lost Dorset
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Twitterhttps://twitter.com/