http://www.miraclesoap.com/privacy.htm
This Policy covers what information we collect from you when you visit
the Miraclesoap.com site, how we use it, and under what circumstances
we disclose it. By using the Miraclesoap.com site, you agree with
the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and terms of use.
The Information We Collect. When you use our site,
we receive and collect certain information. The information we
receive and collect depends on what you do when you visit Miraclesoap.com.
Automatically Collected Information. Some
information is automatically received and sometimes collected
from you when you visit Miraclesoap.com site. We receive and
collect the name of the domain and host from which you are
accessing the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address
of the computer you were using; the browser software you used
and your operating system; the date and time you access our
site; and the Internet address of the website from which you
are linked directly to our site. We use this information to
monitor the usage of our site.
Information Collected Via Cookies. We use
cookies to enhance the browsing and shopping experience on
the Miraclesoap.com site. "Cookies" are small files or records
that we place on your computer's hard drive to collect information
about your activities on the Miraclesoap.com site. The cookies
transmit this information back to the computers at Miraclesoap.com.
The information captured makes it possible for us (i) to speed
navigation, keep track of items you wish to purchase, and
provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember
information you gave to us so that you do not have to reenter
it each time you visit the Miraclesoap.com site; (iii) to
monitor the effectiveness of certain marketing e-mail campaigns;
and (iv) to monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed,
and the total number of banners served.
Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on computers
when they visit Miraclesoap.com or most websites because browsers
are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your
browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you
can turn off cookie placement. If you refuse cookies, you will
not be able to open a Miraclesoap.com account and, therefore,
will not be able to complete an order with us on-line. Also, by
not using cookies, your overall Internet browsing experience will
be affected.
Information You Actively Submit to Miraclesoap.com.
For most of the browsing services we provide, we neither require
nor collect "personal information," i.e. your name, e-mail address,
billing address, shipping addresses, phone number, and credit
card information. You can browse the Miraclesoap.com site and
take as much time as you want to review our products without having
to submit such personal information. Even when you select items
to purchase as you browse, there is no need to submit personal
information.
MiracleSoap, Inc., appreciates hearing from its customers. By submitting your creative ideas, inventions, suggestions or materials (your "submission")
you grant MiracleSoap, Inc., a royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable,
non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate,
create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and
display your submission (in whole or in part) worldwide and to incorporate
your submission in other works in any form, media, or technology
now known or later developed without any notice or compensation
to you. You also represent and warrant that you are authorized
to grant the foregoing license and you shall indemnify and hold
harmless MiracleSoap, Inc., from and against any claims from or by
any third party alledging infringement of said third party's
rights.
In the following instances, however, we do need you to actively
submit personal information: When you want to (a) open an account
or complete an order or (b) subscribe to our newsletters.
Creating a Miraclesoap.com Account or Completing an
Order. You can create a customer account with Miraclesoap.com
to complete an order. To open an account, you will need to
create a password-protected account with us. In doing so,
we will require that you provide us with the following personal
information: your name, address, user name, password, phone,
and e-mail address. We use industry standard e-commerce security
technology to protect the personal information that you transmit
to us when you establish your account and each time you access
your account information. When setting up the account, we
ask that you create a password. When you want to make a purchase
or change your stored, personal information, we approve your
access by verifying your e-mail address with your password.
Newsletter Subscription. You may sign up for
free e-mail newsletters full of product information and special
events. To do so, you will need to create a newsletter subscriber
account. Please note that this newsletter subscriber account
is different from the Miraclesoap.com account and password
which you set up to make purchases. You can sign up for newsletters
as either a registered or non-registered customer of Miraclesoap.com.
Furthermore, the contact information contained in the newsletter
subscriber account is only used to forward newsletters.
Purchasing Products. When you purchase products,
we collect your first name, last name, billing address, shipping
address, city, state, zip, phone, e-mail, and payment source
information. Again, when you enter this information, we use
industry standard e-commerce security technology to protect
the personal information that you transmit to us when you
purchase a product. Further, Miraclesoap.com does not store
the above information on its servers once the transaction
is completed; however, financial institutions may retain certain
information for its records.
How We Use and Share Personal Customer Information.
We will not transfer your personal information to another party
except as disclosed in this policy. Miraclesoap.com uses and shares
personal information that we collect for the purpose of completing
customer orders as follows:
Credit Card Transactions. Credit Card Transactions
are handled by third-party financial institutions and their
vendors which receive the credit card number and other personal
information only to verify the credit card numbers and process
transactions.
Automated Clearing House. Miraclesoap.com
accepts online payments from its customer's savings or checking
accounts. Online payment transactions are handled by the Automated
Clearing House, (ACH), which receives the account number and
other personal information only to verify the account number,
the existence of funds, and process the transaction.
Distributors. Miraclesoap.com shares personal
information with its distributors to fill its customers orders
and enable the quick and efficient delivery of it products
to the customers. Miraclesoap.com enters into Confidentiality
Agreements with all of its distributors to prevent the distributors
from disclosing a Miraclesoap.com customer's personal information.
Law Enforcement Investigations. Miraclesoap.com
may release personal information when we believe, in our good
judgment, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply
with law, enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies
or user agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or
safety of Miraclesoap.com, are users, or others.
Communications from Miraclesoap.com. As a customer,
you may receive the following communications from Miraclesoap.com:
Communications relating to transactions and account
maintenance activities. These communications included,
without limitation, order confirmation; order update notices;
problem notices; and notice regarding material changes to
site policies and account management procedures.
Communications containing information about Miraclesoap.com.
We send promotional e-mails and other outbound communications
to Miraclesoap.com customers regarding products and services
from Miraclesoap.com. Any Miraclesoap.com customer who does
not wish to receive such products and services communication,
can choose to remove his or her contact information from our
contacts list at any time by selecting the link at the bottom
of the e-mail and following the instructions.
Newsletter communications. You may sign up
for free e-mail newsletters full of recommendations for products
and more. To do so, you will need to create a newsletter subscriber
account. Please note that this newsletter subscriber account
is different from Miraclesoap.com account which you set up
to make purchases. Furthermore, the contact information collected
in the newsletter subscriber account is only used to forward
newsletters. To unsubscribe to a newsletter, select the link
at the bottom of any newsletter and follow the instructions.
Underage Customers. Our products and services
are marketed for purchases by adults or with the consent of adults.
Linking to Third-Party Websites. When you click
on links and banners on our site that take you to third-party
websites, you will be subject to the third-party's privacy policies.
While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, Miraclesoap.com
cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party websites.
We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of any and
every website you visit whether you are linking from our site
or browsing on your own.
Changes to Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy
was last changed on October 1, 2002. Miraclesoap.com reserves
the right to modify or amend this Policy at any time by posting
the revised Policy on our site. The changes will only affect the
information we collect after the effective date of the change
to our Privacy Policy unless we clearly express otherwise.
Questions or Comments. If you have any questions
regarding our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at privacy@miraclesoap.com.
For all other inquiries, please contact us: Here.
Privacy
Policy | Security Policy | Shipping
Policy | Account Login
miraclesoap.com : info@miraclesoap.com
: 1.888.895.SOAP (7627)
Home
| Products
| Testimonials
| Product
History | Contact
| Disclaimer
| Affiliate Program