https://www.mountolympusawards.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Search
Search
Recent Posts
» The History of the Varsity Letter - How the Varsity Letter Came into Existence
» MOA Team Supply !
Categories
Blankets and Throws
Baby Blankets
Fleece Throws
Schools
BASIS PRESCOTT
Letterman Jacket Patches
Academic & Activity Patches
Cheerleading Patches
Chevron Patches
Music Patches
Paw Patches
Shape Patches
Sleeve Stripes Patches
Sports Patches
State Patches
Team Captain Star Patches
Letterman Jackets
Custom Letterman Jackets
In-Stock Letterman Jackets
Letterman Sweaters
Mascots and Emblems
Bear Mascots
Blue Jay Mascots
Brave Mascots
Buffalo Mascots
Bulldog Mascots
Cardinal Mascots
Chief Mascots
Devil Mascots
Dragon Mascots
Eagle, Hawk, and Falcon Mascots
Hornet and Yellow Jacket Mascots
Husky, Wolf, and Greyhound Mascots
Irish Mascots
Jaguar Mascots
Knight Mascots
Lion Mascots
Longhorn, Mule, and Mustang Mascots
Miscellaneous Mascots
Panther and Cougar Mascots
Pirate Mascots
Ram Mascots
Tiger Mascots
Trojan and Spartan Mascots
Viking Mascots
Wildcat Mascots
Wolverine Mascots
Name Patches
Number Patches
Embroidered Swiss Inserts
Varsity Letter Pins
Varsity Letters
Sale
our newsletter
Account Navigation
Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
My Account
Order Status
0.00
0.00
Menu
Store Navigation
Home
Color Charts
Wholesale & Custom Quotes
Custom Quote RequestCorporate SalesTeam & School Sales
About & Contact
Contact UsOur HistoryBlogMade in the USAOur Core ValuesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyData Security
HomeAbout & ContactPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Your Privacy When Ordering from Mount Olympus Awards
Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and on each page where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We CollectThis notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Mount Olympus Awards web site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected on these pages include things such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and other pertinent data. On some pages, you can submit information about other people (e.g., gift purchases). If, for example, you wish for us to send a gift directly to the recipient, we would collect their name, address, telephone number, and other data.
Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. We may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
How We Use Collected InformationThe information you provide to Mount Olympus Awards regarding yourself or third parties such as gift recipients is used only to complete your order. We do not share your information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift cards whereby you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide us to create the gift card is used only for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our web site if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit to our web site will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site, improve the customer experience, modify our product offerings, and to share with advertisers or use in crafting specialized marketing campaigns. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data SecurityMount Olympus Awards is selective in our technology providers.  The site takes advantage of one of the most secure ecommerce platforms in operation on the Internet with a backend supporting tens of millions of customers and processing billions of dollars in sales each year.
Our Commitment To Children's PrivacyProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contact us. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Third Party Web BeaconsThird-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. We may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.
Back to Top
Copyright 2020 Mount Olympus Awards, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap
Bigcommerce Premium Themes by PSDCenter
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Tumblr
YouTube
Instagram
All prices are in USD.
Store Navigation
Home
Color Charts
Wholesale & Custom Quotes
Custom Quote RequestCorporate SalesTeam & School Sales
About & Contact
Contact UsOur HistoryBlogMade in the USAOur Core ValuesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyData Security