http://www.charlesbridge.com/pages/privacy-policy
Have you signed up for our newsletter yet?
Be the first to learn about special events, coupons and promotions!
Read our COVID-19 community update here>>
My Account
Welcome to Charlesbridge!
Login
Create Account
0
Children
All Children's Books
Ages 0-3
Ages 3-6
Ages 6-10
Middle Grade
Young Adult
Puzzles, Games & Activities
Series
Featured Titles
Awards & Honors
Bestsellers
Coming Soon
New Releases
On Sale!
Teen
Fiction
Nonfiction
Adult
Cookbooks
Puzzle Books
Art
Coffee Table Books
Humor
Nonfiction
Memoir/Biography
History
Fashion & Beauty
General Nonfiction
Authors/Illustrators
Bios & Interviews
Bookstore & Library Visit Info
School Visit Info
Classroom
Activities & Downloadables
Make the Stem Connection
The Whole Book Approach
Resources
Activities & Downloadables
Downloadable Book Covers
Download the Catalog
Gift Cards
About
Who We Are
Contact Us
Charlesbridge Submissions
Reseller Information
E-book Information
Follow
Unabridged Blog
Unplugged Podcast
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Tumblr
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Charlesbridge!
Login
Create Account
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Charlesbridge takes its commitment to protecting customer privacy seriously. We use any information we collect from you to better communicate with you and provide a more positive experience for you on our website. We do not share any personal information with a third party.
What Information Do We Collect and Why Do We Collect It?
On our site, we may ask you for your name and email address if you knowingly choose to request a newsletter subscription or other information, such as teacher activities, or to enter a contest. Should you wish to contact us, our email address is provided and yours is received in return. We use this email address to respond to your questions or suggestions. When you purchase an item from our website, we collect your name, company, address, email address, phone number, and credit card number. We collect this information to expedite your order and to better understand our customer base. Your credit card information is encrypted and protected by a secure server software that we have purchased.We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new services, and special offers that we think you will find valuable. If you are not interested in receiving this information, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of such notification.
Cookies
Cookies are electronic tags that most major web sites place on your computer's hard drive in the process of sending your computer a file, such as a web page. Our cookies tell us when a computer that has previously visited our site returns and they identify the computer's browser and operating system in order to make the connection to our website more effective. Cookies also tell us how our website is used by allowing us to measure information such as how many visitors go to each page and for how long. This information is collected on an aggregate basis and is not associated with you as an individual. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you so choose.
Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection of information you provide pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page in the future. We welcome your feedback on this policy. Please feel free to email us at books@charlesbridge.com.
Invalid Password
Free US Shipping on orders over $30
Find an Indie Bookseller
Downloadable Resources
Our Company
Privacy Policy
Permissions
Contact Us
Press Room
Find an Indie Bookstore
Gift Cards
Careers
Shipping and Returns
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about special events, coupons and promotions.
Shop our Imprints
© 2020 Charlesbridge | Shopify Theme by Mile High Themes