https://www.smokedsalmon.co.uk/privacy_policy+pu+privacy_policy+1
Skip To Content
Inverawe Main Navigation
Who We Are
Who We Are
About us
The Business
The Smoking Process
Inverawe House & Family
Visitor Centre
Inverawe Holiday Cottages
The Fisheries
Inverawe Ghost Stories
Press Coverage
Trade Service
Shop
Shop
The Winter Range
Wild Partridge
Fresh Pheasant Breasts
Highland Venison
Light Smoked Cutlets
Trout Terrine
Honey Roast Salmon
Fresh Salmon
Fresh Bread
SMOKERY OFFERS
40% OFF Trimmings
15% OFF Red Grouse
3 Pates for £10
The Field
Smoked Fish
Smoked Salmon
Roast Smoked Salmon
Royal Fillet
Smoked Trout
Roast Smoked Trout
Whole Smoked Trout
Smoked Halibut
Smoked Haddock
Kippers
Arbroath Smokies
Mackerel
Extra Smoky Trimings
Fresh Fish
Fresh Salmon
Fresh Trout
Specialities
Lightly Smoked Salmon
Smoked Cod's Roe
Gravadlax
Beetroot Gravadlax
Caviars
Whisky Smoked Salmon
Ready To Serve Range
Salmon Terrines
Trout Terrines
Timbales
Caviar Timbales
Catherine Wheels
Potted Smoked Salmon
Perfect Pates
Smoked Fish Pates
Meat Pates
Collections
Standing Orders
Smoky Essentials
Signature Box
Smoky Selection
Brunch Box
Lockdown Boxes
Lockdown Fish Box
Lockdown Meat Box
Provisions Box A
Seafood Range
Potted Crab
Potted Shrimp
Smoked Mussels
Meat & Game
Highland Venison
Fresh Partridge
Fresh Pheasant Breasts
Stornoway Black Pudding
Hand Cured Bacon
Smoked Meats
Smoked Chicken
Smoked Argyll Ham
Smoked Venison
Smoked Duck
Venison Salami
Smoked Meat Selection
Foodie Finds
Smoked Cheese
Bakery
Meat & Game
Sauces & Preserves
The Cellar
Plates & Platters
Gifts
Gifts
Simply Salmon Gifts
680g Side Smoked Salmon
400g Smoked Salmon
Gift Boxes
The Gift Box for One
The Favourites Gift Box
The Inverawe Box for two
The Smokery Connoisseur
The Inverawe Box for Four
The Inverawe Family Box
Boxes & Baskets
The Eriskay Hamper
The Treasure Chest
The Handy Box
The Inverawe Forever Bag
Traditional Hampers
The Tiree Hamper
The Isle of Colonsay
The Loch Etive Hamper
The Argyll Hamper
Fizz & Celebrations
Smoked Salmon & Fizz
Bubbles and Treats
White Wine & Salmon
Side of Salmon & Bubbles
Whisky & Salmon
Tableware Gifts
Smokery Treats and Slate
Smoked Salmon & Olivewood Board
Salmon and Wooden Board
Bramble Platter & Salmon
Ceramic Platter
Olive Wood Platter
Salmon Board
Slate Board Gift Set
Recipes
Recipes
New Ideas
Smoked Salmon
Roast Smoked Salmon
Smoked Trout
Smoked Trimmings
Smoked Mackerel
Smoked Haddock
Smoked Eel
Smoked Cod's Roe
Speciality Fish
Smoked Meats
Not Just Fish
Offers
Offers
40% OFF Trimmings
15% OFF Red Grouse
3 Pates for £10
The Field
Miscellaneous
Miscellaneous
Contact us
About us
Your account
Trade service
Quick order
FAQ's
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
The business
Our family & history
Our processes
Visitor centre
Download a brochure
Request a brochure
Trade
Trade
About us
The Smoking Process
The Business
Contact us
My Account
My Account
Personal Details
Addresses
Change Password
Reminder Service
Order History
Logout
Expand Navigation
Menu
Search Inverawe
Search Inverawe
Home
/
Privacy
Who We Are
Data Protection Privacy Policy
Purpose and Background
Lorne Fisheries (trading as Inverawe Smokehouses) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy will outline what information we store, what we do with it, how we collect it and how you can access it.
The company is committed to being transparent about how it handles your personal information, to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information and to meeting its data protection obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the Data Protection Act 2018
Data Protection Principles:
Under the GDPR, there are six data protection principles that the Company must comply with. These provide that the personal information we hold about you must be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Collected only for legitimate purposes that have been clearly explained to you and not further processed in a way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to those purposes.
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
Kept in a form which permits your identification for no longer than is necessary for those purposes.
Processed in a way that ensures appropriate security of the data.
The Company is responsible for, and must be able to demonstrate compliance with, these principles. This is called accountability.
What types of information do we collect on you?
Name
Address
Postcode
Contact Number
Email Address
Or alternatively the Name, Adddress, Postcode and Contact Number of any gift recipient nominated by the person placing an order with us.
This information is required so that we can process your order efficiently. Your data is saved on our secure website and local server.
Payment data, including credit cards used to pay over the phone or online are securely sent to our payment provider, Cyber-source and we do not hold any payment details on both our online (web) and in house servers.
Your delivery address, name, telephone numbers and/or email address will be passed on to our carriers in order that they can fufil their delivery.
Please see their own Privacy Policy by clicking here
Why and how do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information to fulfil our contract with you, (something that you enter willingly by placing an order online, verbally over the telephone, or alternativelyinformation collected by entering any competitions we may run or at events we attend with contact cards for completion)
To provide payment processing and Account Management, operate, measure and improve our services, keep our informatiuon safe, secure and operational.
Provide you with a personalised experience with the ability to contact you to troubleshoot any problems that may arise and clarify where required any orders taken.
Contact with you about your account and our products can be by the following:
by Email
or by Telephone
With your consent, we may use your personal information to:
Provide you with marketing material via email or Direct Marketing Mail outs.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at anytime.
What if you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide certain personal information when requested or required, we may not be able to perform the contract we have entered with you, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations. You may also be unable to exercise your statutory or contractual rights.
How does the Company protect your personal information?
The Company has put in place measures to protect the security of your personal information. It has internal policies, procedures ad controls in place to try and prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost or destroyed, altered, disclosed or user or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, workers, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know in order to perform their job duties and responsiblities. You can obtain further information about these measures by contacting us directly.
Where your personal information is shared with third-party service providers, we require all third parties to take appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal information and to treat it subject to a duty of confidentiality and in accordance with data protection law. We only allow them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our written instructions and we do not allow them to use your personal information for their own purposes.
The Company also has in place procedures to deal with a suspected data security breach and we will notify the Information Commissioner's Office (or any other applicable supervisory authority or regulator) and you of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
For how long does the Company keep your personal information?
How long will the personal data be stored for Lorne Fisheries Limited (trading as Inverawe Smokehouses) will retain personal data following reasons (only exception to these reasons are if it is required or permitted by law to hold onto the information a specific amount of time)
Data that is required in order to perform a contract, will be helsd on Lorne Fisheries Limited (trading as Inverawe Smokehouses) system for a seven year period.
Data that is no longer deemed necessary will be deleted from our system.
Your rights in connection with your personal information:
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurateand up to date. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes, e.g. a Change of Home Address, during your working relationship with the Company so that our records can be updated. the company cannot be held responsible for any errors in your personal information in this regard unless you have notified the Company of the relevant change.
As a data subject, you have a number of statutory rights. Subject to certain conditions, and in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information - this is usually known as making a data subject access request and it enables you to recieve a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request rectification of your personal information - this enables you to have any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you corrected.
Request the erasure of your personal information - this enables you to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing, e.g. it's no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected.
Restrict the processing of your personal information - this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information, e.g. if you contest its accuracy and so want us to verify its accuracy.
Object to the processing of your personal information where we are relying in the legitimate interests of the business as our legal basis for processing and there is something relating to your particular situation which makes you decide to object to processing on this ground.
Data Portability - this gives you the right to request the transfer of your personal information to another party so that you can reuse it across different services for your own purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact the eletronic form on the Company's website or alternatively email us at info@inverawe.co.uk. We may need to request specific information from you in order to verify yiour identity and check your right to access the personal information or to exercise any of your other rights.
If you believe that the Company has not complied with your data protection rights, you have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) at any time. The ICO is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Changes to this privacy notice:
The Company reserves the right to update or amend this privacy notice at any time, including where the Company intends to further process your personal information for a purpose other than that for which the personal information was collected or where we intend to process new types of personal information. We will issue you with a new privacy notice when we make significant updates or amendments. We may also notify you about the processing of your personal information in other ways.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact us as follows:
Email to info@inverawe.co.uk
Or alternatively on 03448475480, press 3
By mail: Inverawe Smokehouses, Taynuilt,Argyll. PA35 1HU
Inverawe Smokehouse began with just one smokebox. Today we are proud to be one of the biggest mail order companies and one of the most renowned smokehouses in Scotland and holders of the Royal Warrant. Our smokehouse products are famous for their gorgeous smoky, full-bodied flavour.
Our traditional way of wood smoking flies in the face of modern production because we rely on real people taking their time and using age-old skills rather than cutting corners with rows of machines. But we think you'll agree when you taste our hot smoked salmon, or any of our many other smoked foods, that the end result is worth the wait.
Although this way is more time consuming and labour intensive, the end result surpasses all expectations.
Smoking is one of the oldest ways of preserving foods and at Inverawe Smokehouses we continued this ancient art in our traditional smokehouse design.
This method retains the real taste of properly smoked Scottish fish.
About Us
About Us
Our business
Holiday cottages
Visitor centre
Shipping
Shipping
Delivery information
Returns
Services
Services
Request a brochure
Quick order
Trade services
Your basket
Your account
Newsletter Signup
More Info
More Info
Sitemap
Contact us
T&C's
Privacy Policy
Help & FAQ's
Environmental Policy
Current Vacancies
Inverawe on Facebook
Inverawe on Twitter
Inverawe on Youtube
Your Basket (0)
Printed from Inverawe Website. https://www.smokedsalmon.co.uk ©Inverawe
By using this site, you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more, please click here to view our Privacy Policy, or click here to close this message.
Sub Total:
Not including P&P or discounts
Total Qty:
0
View Shopping Basket