https://www.handheldaudio.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Home / Terms & Conditions
Use of our website and the sale and purchase of goods from the website are governed by our terms and conditions as set out below. “We” or “Our” means Hand Held Audio. “You” or “your” or “Customers” means the person accessing using or ordering from our website over the Internet.
Prices, description and availability of goods
Prices are subject to change without notice and all goods are sold subject to availability. Where goods are temporarily out of stock we will contact you with your options. Whist we take the utmost care to ensure the product descriptions, pictures, information and prices are accurate we do not accept liability for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions. Orders placed by you constitute an offer to buy the goods in question and as such orders are accepted at our sole discretion and we maintain the right to decline orders without giving an explanation. E & O.E.
Sales tax
Value Added Tax (VAT) is calculated on shipping destination. It will be added to the total price for orders shipped to destinations within the European Union (EU). For European Union Customers that are VAT Registered, on verification of your VAT Number and status we will ship goods without charging VAT. For orders shipped to destinations outside the EU VAT will not be charged but orders may be subject to local sales tax or import duty. These are not included in our prices and customers remain totally liable for payment of these taxes or duties on or following delivery including any administration charges made by the shipping company.
Payment methods
You may order online using a credit / debit card. You may order offline by fax or post using credit / debit card, cheque or postal order. If you are experiencing difficulties we will accept orders over the telephone at out discretion. All prices are in pounds sterling (£) and for credit / debit card transactions the card company at their current exchange rates will convert orders from outside the UK. Cheques and postal orders should always be in pounds sterling.
Delivery arrangements
We aim to deliver your order within 2 – 5 working days for the U.K., 5 – 10 working days for the rest of the world. We will notify you if for any reason we cannot meet these targets and at this point you will have the opportunity to cancel your order if you wish to. When timing is of the essence you should contact us by phone. Additional time should be allowed where payment is made by cheque, as we will not despatch goods until the cheque has cleared.
Trademarks and copyright
All third party copyright, trademarks, brand names, product names and titles on this website are the property of their respective owners. This website is protected by Copyright and the Copyright, Trademarks, logos and Intellectual Property rights for the software and functionality of the website are the property of Hand Held Audio Ltd. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Any use, printing or copying of materials on this website, other than in the course of browsing, selecting products and ordering from us, is strictly prohibited. Any framing of this website is prohibited.
Security
Security is one of our highest priorities and we take every precaution to protect your personal information both online and offline. Information requested when registering or ordering goods (including your credit / debit card details) is encrypted with SSL (Secure Socket Layer), the industry standard encryption software.
Registration and Newsletter
Registration is not required to use our website. To speed up future purchases and avoid retyping your details you may register with us and we will store your personal details with access protected by your email and password.
Notification of Changes
If we change our Terms and conditions, Privacy policy or Security policy, we will post notification of these changes on our Homepage so you are aware of them. Should we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we would notify you by email and request your agreement to the changes. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Limitation of Liability’s
In no event shall Hand Held Audio be liable for any direct, consequential, indirect, incidental or special damages whatsoever, including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, depletion of goodwill, costs, expenses and the like, arising out of the use of or inability to use Products, even if Hand Held Audio has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Hand Held Audio’s total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation or otherwise shall be limited to repairing, replacing or at our option refunding monies already paid in respect of the Goods.
Legal
This website and its content is targeted at the United Kingdom, we will accept orders from most locations around the world on condition that you waive your right to use consumer rights, distance selling regulations and laws local to you . The Terms and Conditions shall be treated, in all respects, as a contract entered into in England. As noted above, you may be subject to other local, provincial and national laws. You hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England for any dispute arising under or relating to this Agreement and waive your right to institute legal proceedings in any other jurisdiction. We shall be entitled to institute legal proceedings in connection with any matter arising under this Agreement in any jurisdiction wherein you reside, do business or have assets. Goods we supply are deemed to be made to order, therefore your rights to cancel are severely restricted.
The contract will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
This page needs to be read in conjunction with our Returns and Warranty Policy and by placing an order you will be deemed as accepting all the terms implied on this page and the returns and warranty page.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Product tagsBLX
Custom Ear Monitors
Custom Earphones
Custom moulds
digital
Ear foams
earphone
Earphone cable
Earphones
Ew100
G3
G4
hand held
headmic
Headphones
headset
Headworn
IEM
in-ear
In-ear monitoring
In Ear Monitoring
in ear system
JH Audio
Lavalier
Microphone
monitor
monitoring
monitors
onstage monitoring
PGX
rack mount
radio mic
radio microphone
Replacement cable
Sennheiser
Shure
SM58
Ultimate Ears
vocal mic
Westone
wireless
wireless in-ear
wireless mic
wireless microphone
XSMeta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
COVID-19: Due to the current situation our processing times will be 3 to 5 days. . Dismiss