https://www.cigarterminal.com/en/privacy-policy/
CigarTerminal.com | Authentic Cuban Cigar Destination for True Cuban Cigar Pleasure
USD
EUR
GBP
Cigar Terminal - Home
Cuban Cigars
Belinda
Cuaba
H.Upmann
La Flor de Cano
Por Larranaga
Rafael Gonzalez
Saint Luis Rey
Trinidad
Bolivar
Diplomaticos
Hoyo De Monterrey
La Gloria Cubana
Punch
Ramon Allones
San Cristobal de La Habana
Troya
Cohiba
El Rey del Mundo
Jose L. Piedra
Montecristo
Quai D'Orsay
Romeo y Julieta
Sancho Panza
Vegas Robaina
Combinaciones
Fonseca
Juan Lopez
Partagas
Quintero y Hermano
Sampler Packs
Seleccion
Vegueros
Non-Cuban Cigars
Acid
Ashton
CAO
Cohiba Black
Davidoff
Joya de Nicaragua
Nub by Oliva
Plasencia
A.J. Fernandez
AVO
Camacho
Cohiba Puro Dominicana
Flor de Las Antillas
Kentucky Cheroots
Oliva
Rocky Patel
Alec Bradley
Brick House
Casa Magna
Cohiba Red Dot
Griffin’s
Macanudo
Padron
Tatuaje
Arturo Fuente
Cain by Oliva
Cigar Samplers
Condega
Horacio
My Father
Perdomo
Specials
Humidors
Value Humidors
Premium Humidors
Habanos Humidors and Cigar Cases
Accessories
Ashtrays
Cigar Cutters
Login
My Account
My Account
My Orders
My Wishlist
My Reviews
0
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Home
Privacy Policy | CigarTerminal.com
Privacy Policy
At CigarTerminal, We are committed to provide you a secure and safe online shopping experience.
Updated version of our Privacy Policy is in effect as of May 24th, 2018.
This Privacy Policy explains what kind of personal data we collect from you when you use our services and how we use that data. When we say “CigarTerminal", “we" and “us", we are referring to www.cigarterminal.com and all of our affiliates.
Scope
This policy applies to every CigarTerminal customer and/or prospect (individuals, though not companies or organisations) without distinction of your nationality or place of residence.
Our Privacy PolicyWe respect your privacy. Not only do we respect it, but we also protect it. The private information you share with us stays with us.Our Privacy Policy guarantees the confidentiality of all your data, including your e-mail address. Our mailing lists will never be sold or leased. The first time you register on this site and use its products and services, we record your name and address details, as well as your password. We also place your email on a cookie in your computer. Cigar Terminal also keeps a history of your transactions with it. It also receives and keeps information from your browser, like your IP address and cookie information. This way, the next time you order from us, you never have to re-enter your information, although you can always modify it. If you want to make an order from another computer, you only have to put in your email and password for us to locate all of your information.
Why do we collect personal information?If you are a CigarTerminal customer, CigarTerminal has some basic information about you. We understand that some of this information is private, which is why we collect personal information only for the following purposes:    * To establish and maintain a responsible commercial relationship with you and to provide ongoing service. For example, when you buy from us, we collect information that allows us to confirm your identity, billing and shipping address so that we can accurately bill and collect for the products and services that you receive from us. We also collect credit card information and pass to our payment gateway during the check-out process but your credit card information is never stored in our systems nor anywhere else.    * To understand your needs and preferences. We maintain a record of the products and services you receive from us, and we may ask for additional information so that we can serve you better. For example, we will ask for your e-mail address, so we may confirm your orders electronically.    * To develop, enhance, or provide products and services. For example, we look at how our customers use our products and services, so that we can understand how to improve them. From time to time, we may review and analyze your use of our products and services to help us provide better product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.    * To manage and develop our business and operations. For example, we analyze customer usage of our websites and facilities to help us manage them efficiently and plan for future growth.
How do we protect your personal information?In order to protect your personal information and your right to privacy, CigarTerminal:    * will not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified above, except with your consent;    * will protect your personal information with appropriate security safeguards;    * will protect the confidentiality of your personal information when dealing with other companies;    * will strive to keep your personal information as accurate and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes identified above; and    * will honour any request you may make for access to your personal information.What are your choices?We would like to have your consent to continue to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes identified above. However, we want you to know that you do have choices and can refuse or withdraw your consent as follows:You may have your name removed from our telephone, mail or e-mail marketing lists. We use these lists to inform you of relevant products, services and special offers that may be of benefit to you.You may refuse to provide personal information to us. You may also withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. However, in either case, this may limit our ability to serve you.If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please call us at +41 225180067. Alternatively, you may send an email message to info@cigarterminal.com and we will respond. Otherwise, we will assume that we have your consent to continue to collect, use and disclose your personal information for the purposes identified above.
Here is further details on how we deal with your data in details:
I. Personal data collection and processing
1. CigarTerminal website visitors and prospects
A. Cookies
We collect information and potential personal data about our website visitors by the use of cookies. For more information, please see our cookie policy: https://www.cigarterminal.com/en/cookie-policy
B. Interaction
We may collect other data that you submit via our social media accounts as well as other means of communication. For example, we may collect personal data when you provide feedback or when you participate in interactive features such as surveys, contests, or promotions.
C. Newsletter subscribers
In case you subscribe to our newsletter, certain personal data may be transferred to our partner, The Rocket Science Group, LLC 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA, who is operating MailChimp, the service we use to manage the sending of our newsletter. While they don’t have access to your data, it is nonetheless hosted on their platform.
Type of dataEmail address, first and last name, IP addresses.
Basis and PurposeThis processing is based on your consent. We collect and process this data to customise and improve our services.
RetentionWe keep all personal data we collect outside the scope of the provision of our services for a period of one (1) year or until you request its deletion.
2. CigarTerminal customers
As a CigarTerminal customer you may provide us with personal data for several purposes.
A. Account information
In order to create and manage your account on our platform, you need to provide us with sufficient information to allow us to identify you.
Type of dataEmail address, first and last name, postal address, language preference, your login, your IP address.
Basis and PurposeWe only collect and process this data for the provision of our services.
RetentionWe keep your personal data for as long as you hold an account with CigarTerminal. Should you want to close your account, please contact info@cigarterminal.com and we will anonymise all personal data attached to your account.
B. Payment Information
We collect certain payment and billing information when you order paid services. For example, we ask you to designate a billing contact, including name and contact information. You might also provide payment information..
Type of dataPartial credit card information including first and last name.Basis and PurposeWe only collect and process this data for the provision of our service.Retention We keep your personal data for as long as you hold an account with CigarTerminal. Should you want to close your account, please contact info@cigarterminal.com and we will anonymise all personal data attached to your account.
C. Information you provide through our support channels
Our service includes access to our customer support department.  When you open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly, or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of your request for support, and other relevant information.
Type of dataAny data provided by you when submitting a request for support.
Basis and PurposeWe only collect and process this data for the provision of our service.RetentionWe keep your personal data for as long as you hold an account with CigarTerminal. Should you want to close your account, please contact info@cigarterminal.com and we will anonymise all personal data attached to your account.
II. Your rights in relation to your personal data
Unless your request is deemed excessive or unfounded, you may exercise the following rights in relation to your personal data:
1. Right of access
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. You may do so via your CigarTerminal account https://www.cigarterminal.com/en/customer/account/login/ or, alternatively, request it at info@cigarterminal.com.
2. Right of rectification
You have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. You may do so via your CigarTerminal account https://www.cigarterminal.com/en/customer/account/login/ or, alternatively, request it at info@cigarterminal.com.
3. Right to be forgotten
In certain circumstances, you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Please contact info@cigarterminal.com and we will anonymise all personal data attached to your account.
4. Right of portability
You have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation. You may export your data via your CigarTerminal account https://www.cigarterminal.com/en/customer/account/login/ or, alternatively, request it at info@cigarterminal.com..
5. Right to object
You have the right to object to certain types of processing of your personal data such as direct marketing. To do so please contact us at info@cigarterminal.com.
III. Security Measures and Our Security Policy
To guarantee the confidentiality and safety of our customers, all personal information (credit card, name, address, e-mail) are sent on a secure document and in an encrypted format. If you are not comfortable using our secured server for credit card purchases, you may call us directly at US Toll Free: (877) 660-0726 or Direct: +41 (22) 518-0067.Our web site is globally protected with the highest grade encryption certification -Secure Socket Layer (SSL). There is no higher security available for commercial transactions.
Your personal data is stored both electronically and manually in our data centres and can be accessed from our offices via dedicated network connections or from anywhere through a secured VPN connection.
We use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls to maintain the security of your data.
Most importantly we are making use of specific technologies to encrypt all our services.
IV. Data Protection Officer Details
Cigar Terminal
Data Protection Office
Case Postale 238
1580 Avenches
Switzerland
V. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any modifications on this page and, if they are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use our services to stay informed about our information practices and what you can do to help protect your security.If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using our services and deactivate your CigarTerminal account, as outlined above.
Accept
Our website uses cookies to provide you with a better browsing experience. By continuing to use our site without changing your settings, you accept our use of cookies, our revised Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
About Us
About Us
Rewards Program
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Customer Service
Customer Service
F.A.Q.
Shipping
Payment
Returns
Contact Us
© 2020 Cigar Terminal
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Follow Us on Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
RSS
Site Map
Reward Points
© 2007 - 2020 CigarTerminal.com. All Rights Reserved. Back to top
Join our mailing list & get $5 discount on your next order!
Also, you will get the most exclusive deals and specials from Cigar Terminal
Subscribe
More ways to stay connected: