http://www.melejewelrybox.com/terms-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Mele & Co.'s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Mele & Co.'s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Mele & Co. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Mele & Co.'s web site are provided "as is". Mele & Co. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Mele & Co. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Mele & Co. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Mele & Co.'s Internet site, even if Mele & Co. or a Mele & Co. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Mele & Co.'s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Mele & Co. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Mele & Co. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Mele & Co. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Mele & Co. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Mele & Co. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Mele & Co. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Mele & Co.'s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy
Mele & Co.’s Privacy Policy to use of this Web Site, and in terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view Mele & Co.’s Privacy Policy, click here. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Web Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Google Analytics Data
This site makes use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Anonymous information such as a visitor's age, gender, etc. help us to create the best shopping experience possible. If you'd like to opt-out of sending this kind of data when browsing our site, please see this browser tool, which allows you to block such data from being sent.