http://www.securityjewelers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Sign In or Create an Account
My Account
Rings
Diamonds
Necklaces
Earrings
Bracelets
Watches
expand
collapse
Watches
Bulova
Citizen
Omega
Seiko
Shinola
Tag Heuer
Ornaments
Collections
expand
collapse
Collections
ArtCarved
Bulova
Citizen
Forevermark
Gabriel and Co.
Gucci
Mikimoto
Omega
Scott Kay
Seiko
Shinola
Swarovski
Tag Heuer
Tissot
Verragio
Covid-19 Update: Open Monday-Saturday 10am-5pm, Closed Sunday
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Security Jewelers collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the securityjewelers.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Security Jewelers . It will notify users (each, a “User”) of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site and how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Security Jewelers
Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected informationSecurity Jewelers collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:• To improve customer service• Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.• To personalize user experience• We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.• To improve our Site• We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.• To send periodic emails
Security Jewelers is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. The only information Security Jewelers has access to collect is information that was voluntarily given when registering in the Site such as; name, address, phone and billing information via email or other direct contact from you. Security Jewelers will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Security Jewelers will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. Security Jewelers will not share your information with any third party outside of the organization, other than as necessary to fulfill the request of the User, e.g. to ship an order.
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
Your Access to and Control Over InformationUsers may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Users can do the following at any time by accessing “My Account” in Site or directly through email or telephone.- See what data we have about you, if any. - Change/correct any data we have about you.- Have us delete any data we have about you. - Express any concern you have about our use of your data
How we protect your information Security Jewelers adopts appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Security Jewelers takes precautions to protect your information. When Users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and offline.Wherever Security Jewelers collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. Users can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.While Security Jewelers use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy Security Jewelers has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us:If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
securityjewelers.com
info@securityjewelers.com