https://www.assistiveware.com/privacy
We recognize that there are many situations where privacy can be at stake. We do our best to minimize the risks of compromising someone's privacy in our applications, support system, and the information we provide through our website and social media channels.
If you have any concerns regarding the way we deal with privacy, or any related topic, please feel free to address them to legal@assistiveware.com.
In general
AssistiveWare does not use its iOS and macOS applications to collect any personal information, such as but not limited to personal details, conversation transcripts, or documents. Nor does AssistiveWare provide third parties access to such information.
The applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the application and application version, the type of device, the operating system version, settings and location. This information is in no way connected to your personal information.
In specific cases, AssistiveWare's applications may send personal information to our systems. We will describe these exceptions below.
Proloquo2Go and Proloquo4Text
Proloquo2Go and Proloquo4Text conform to our general policy. These applications do not communicate any personal information to AssistiveWare or other third parties.
Keedogo, Keedogo Plus and Keeble
Keedogo, Keedogo Plus and Keeble conform to our general policy. For a detailed discussion on keyboards and privacy please see https://www.assistiveware.com/keyboards-privacy.
Pictello
Pictello offers the use of a Sharing Server. An account on the Sharing Server connects a device with some basic user information such as name and e-mail address. We will use these e-mail addresses only in connection to the Pictello Sharing Server.
Stories shared with other users using the Pictello Sharing Server are stored on AssistiveWare's servers in the United States of America and Europe. AssistiveWare will not disclose the contents of the stories shared. Only the people that receive a story code from the person that uploaded the story can download the story. AssistiveWare may perform anonymous analysis on the stories shared in order to improve the Pictello product.
simPODD
simPODD is a subscription-based application. AssistiveWare stores information about your subscription and your subscription history. The application may ask you to provide your e-mail address and other personal information. This information is collected and used in order to improve your membership experience, such as, but not limited to, providing personalized e-mails, app or website notifications and information.
Student data
AssistiveWare has no access to the student personal data or documents created in our applications. All student data and documents is stored on the device itself. The device administrator or user however may decide to export the data, share it with other users (e.g. using the Pictello Sharing Server - see below). This option may in some cases conflict with student privacy regulations imposed on e.g. schools.
The device administrator or user can store a backup of the device data on a computer, in a cloud storage system, or in another way. AssistiveWare has no access to the backups made from the applications to cloud based storage solutions, such as, but not limited to, DropBox or iCloud. As a consequence any request to delete student data should be made to the school that manages the device.
If the Pictello Sharing Server is used to share Pictello stories with other Pictello users these stories are not protected according to the definition of most student data protection directives. By nature of the purpose of the Pictello Sharing Server we do not limit access to the stories shared to granted persons, and we can not encrypt the data. Pictello stories however do not contain personally identifiable information, unless explicitly added in the stories themselves.
All student data and documents shared with AssistiveWare as part of a (technical) support request will be treated as confidential by AssistiveWare.
MacOS Software activation
In order to activate software licenses for our macOS applications we will ask the licensee for name, company and email address. This information is stored to make sure the software is only used by the licensee and to provide support on the software products.
AssistiveWare may use the licensee information to inform its users of product updates and other relevant information. The data will not be shared with third parties.
Social Media Channels
All information shared on AssistiveWare public social media channels, such as, but not limited to, The AssistiveWare and Proloquo2Go Facebook page and the AssistiveWare Corporate Website, is considered to be public. The information is available for everyone and AssistiveWare may decide to republish the information on other social media channels.
The information shared in closed Facebook groups, such as the "Proloquo2Go Professionals", the "Parents of Proloquo2Go Users", the "Adult Users of Proloquo2Go & Proloquo4Text" and the "Pictello Users Group" groups is considered to be public within those groups only. AssistiveWare will not share the information from within these groups outside these groups without permission. AssistiveWare however cannot prevent other group members from sharing this information.
AssistiveWare Support
In contact with our support team users typically share more personal information. This information is used to help the user with his specific problem or question. Furthermore the information can be used to improve AssistiveWare's products. In this case the personal information will only be used internally for development purposes.
AssistiveWare Newsletter
Personal information shared when subscribing to the AssistiveWare newsletter will solely be used to share AssistiveWare product updates, news and other relevant information with subscribers. Personal details will not be shared with third parties.
AssistiveWare website
We collect personal information when you submit a form on the website, for instance when you register for an account. This information is used to identify you when you log in to the website and make use of the functionalities like the forum and commenting on news items and blog posts.
The use of cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to recognise you so you don't need to enter your details each time you visit the site.
We also use cookies from Google Analystics, Intercom and HotJar to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
General exceptions
In some cases AssistiveWare may explicitly ask for personal information from its users. In these cases AssistiveWare will clearly state the use of the information shared with AssistiveWare.
Note that this privacy statement may change at any time. This privacy statement was last updated on: 30 July 2019
Close
Search
Popular products
Proloquo2Go
Proloquo4Text
Support
Proloquo2Go support
Proloquo4Text support