http://www.valuemags.com/home/privacy.asp
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Categories
+
-
All
Arts & Crafts
Business & Finance
Cooking & Food
Home & Garden
Men's Interest
Sports & Recreation
Women's Interest
Free Magazines
INSTANT START
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Statement for ValueMags.com
ValueMags.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: ValueMags.com
BY ACCESSING THIS SITE YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Email Communications
When you register or order at ValueMags we send you a courtesy confirmation. You also agree to receive the ValueMags Free Newsletter and Daily Promotions where we offer great offers on products from ValueMags and its partners. ValueMags will share personally identifiable information with third party marketers in order to provide additional products and promotions.
All communications will contain simple removal instructions.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to help match you with relevant ads.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like your email address), financial information (like your credit card numbers), unique identifiers (like your customer number), and demographic information (like your zip code).
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors for use as account numbers in our record system.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. ValueMags.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We use Verisign and SSL to provide secure credit card processing. This site is tested and certified daily by hackersafe.com to pass the FBI/SANS Internet Security Test.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us.
You can opt out by logging in here and selecting the "Edit Email Address/Password" option at the bottom left. Please note that ValueMags Express customers will need to use the password retrieval functionality to get their password.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can click here and provide your updated information.
Third Parties
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our web site. These companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info and Networking Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
General Data Protection Regulations
This site is compliant with GDPR laws and regulations. Users can edit, delete, freeze and view their personal information starting at this location - GDPR - or users can click here and provide their updated information via a customer support ticket. Users can withdraw consent by deleting their account. A GDPR ID will be provided as a cancellation number.
By accepting the Privacy Policy you are verifying that you are at least 16 years old.
Data Retention: Data is kept until the data controllers request the data to be removed according to their policies or for a period not longer than three years unless otherwise directed.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
ValueMags 730 N Franklin St Ste 601 Chicago, IL 60654
Click here to contact support.
Privacy Policy Updated: 05/25/2018.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
Opens in a new window.
Opens external website in a new window.