http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/s/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | DICK'S Sporting Goods
chat_bubbleChat
My Account
Track Order
Help
Shop By Sport
keyboard_arrow_right
Footwear
keyboard_arrow_right
Apparel
keyboard_arrow_right
Accessories
keyboard_arrow_right
Outdoor & Recreation
keyboard_arrow_right
Fan Shop
keyboard_arrow_right
Trending Now
keyboard_arrow_right
This Week's Deals
keyboard_arrow_right
Top Brands
keyboard_arrow_right
Clearance
keyboard_arrow_right
My Account
This Week's Deals
Find a Store
Weekly Ad
Help
Track Order
chat_bubble_outline
Chat Now
search
Find a Store
Weekly Ad
shopping_cart
0
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyEffective as of April 11, 2020.DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. and its Family of Businesses  (collectively, "DICK'S", “us”, “our” or “we”) provide this privacy policy (this "Policy") to inform you of: (1) the types of information we collect; (2) your choices surrounding such information; and (3) how we collect, use, share, update and secure such information. This Policy applies to information obtained in connection with DICK'S operations at or through our websites, our mobile/tablet sites, our social media presence, our applications (apps), our registration and event services, our messaging platforms, our stores, our kiosks, and other DICK'S owned or controlled digital and omni-channel properties that link to this Policy (individually a “Site” and collectively, our “Sites”). Emails, social media, marketing campaigns and digital and online advertising are referred to collectively as, our "Internet Marketing Channels." This Policy and your use of our Site is subject to our Terms of Use. If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us by using the "Contact Customer Service" link below.I. Categories of Information CollectedSome of the information we collect is “Personal Information,” which generally means information that identifies you as an individual, and other information we associate with it. This may include a name, mailing address, e-mail address, driver's license number, date of birth, social security number, credit/debit card information (and related payment information) and/or telephone number. If you or an Organization (described below) to which you or your minor child belongs create an account on one of our team sports or event Sites, the Personal Information we collect may relate to minor children. By providing the Organization or us with your child’s Personal Information, you represent that you are the child’s parent, guardian or otherwise have the authority to share this Personal Information with the Organization and us and consent to the Organization directly sharing such information with us. We collect several categories of information, from the different sources:A. Information You Provide:  We receive information you provide to us when you: (1) create an account with us (including a shopping account online, an account to review products, a customer loyalty account, a team sports or event registration account or any other type of account); (2) apply for a credit card through us or our banking partners; (3) make a purchase; (4) apply for employment opportunities; (5) apply for a license (e.g., hunting, fishing, firearms, etc.) or conduct a similar type transaction subject to governmental compliance obligations; (6) contact us via any customer service method; (7) submit user-generated content (via our Sites, Internet Marketing Channels or otherwise); (8) participate in customer research, surveys, sweepstakes or promotions; (9) subscribe for email, text, or other messages; (10) work with our Teammates/Associates who provide you with in-store services or otherwise assist you with your product needs and purchases through use of Sites; (11) download or use our Sites; (12) file a claim or participate in investigations regarding claims or losses; or(13) otherwise communicate information to us. B. Information We Receive From Third Parties. We may receive information you provide on behalf of third parties, or third parties provide on your behalf, including but not limited to gift recipients, online registrations/purchases, ship-from-store, in-store pick-up, registries or as a result of your interactions with other users on our team sports or event Sites.We receive information from sources assisting us with (i) updating, enhancing, improving and/or analyzing our records or data; (ii) performing marketing and research services; or (iii) detecting fraud or theft. We may also acquire information about you from third parties with whom we have a relationship or otherwise contract with to obtain such information. In the event we acquire a business, we may receive information from the seller of such business. Additionally, we may receive information from various consumer reporting agencies and related service providers. We also work with third-party service providers that provide us feedback about our Sites and analytics and general information about browsing patterns to improve our Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels. Analytics services such as Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics provide services that analyze information regarding your visits to our Sites and may use cookies, web beacons and other tracking mechanisms (as described below) to collect this information.  C. Information that is passively collected when you use the Sites. When you visit our Sites or interact with us through your device, (including Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or other technologies in our stores) we may collect "User Activity Information" through Cookies, Web Beacons and other similar or related technologies (collectively, "Information Technologies"). "Cookies" are small text files sent to your device as you visit our Sites or utilize our Internet Marketing Channels and saved on your device via your browser. "Web Beacons" (also known as pixels or tags) are a common form of web technology used on our Sites and Internet Marketing Channels to monitor visits to certain pages within, interactions with, and the effectiveness of, our Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels. User Activity Information we collect through these Information Technologies includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, device characteristics (such as connection type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution), location information, user ID, and your interactions with our Sites and Internet Marketing Channels, such as which webpages you visit, your keyword searches, and the products or product categories viewed. User activity information may also include information about: your mobile device if it is being used to visit the Sites (such as device model, operating system, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information); how you use our Sites and Internet Marketing Channels, search terms, pages you visit on our Sites and application performance information. In addition, while User Activity Information does not generally identify or relate to you as an individual, we may associate this type of information with you as an individual and may also determine your general location from this information. We only share Personal Information for purposes identified in this Privacy Policy (such as service providers), but User Activity Information collected on our Sites could potentially be used by Internet Marketing Channels for their own purposes, some of whom may be able to associate such information with you based on other information they have collected independently of DICK’S.D. Fitness Information. If you link your electronic fitness device or third party account (such as Garmin, MapMyRun, Move, or Fitbit) to a DICK’S account, we may receive certain information from that third party or your fitness device, and our use of such information is governed by this Policy.E. Social Media Access. We engage with current and prospective customers through multiple Internet Marketing Channels and social media services (e.g., Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter). If you contact us on one of our Internet Marketing Channels, request customer service via social media or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this Policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform you use. If you choose to access, link to, or log-in to our Sites or Internet Marketing Channels or otherwise communicate with us through a third-party social media service, you are granting us permission to access and use the information that you post or store on the applicable social media service in accordance with the privacy policy of that service and the privacy settings that are applicable to your account, and to store the user name and password you use to log-in to the applicable social media service. By accessing or logging into our Sites or Internet Marketing Channels via a social media service, any information you provide may also become accessible to that service, subject to that service’s privacy policy. For additional information and more details on how you can manage the information provided to us by these social media services, please review the privacy settings applicable to your account with the applicable social media service. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such services. Please consult the privacy policy of such services for additional information. F. In-Store Services. 1.    In-Store Technology. Our store locations may offer free Wi-Fi services to visitors. Our Wi-Fi network may capture certain data from devices you connect to it. Unless we receive consent to use Wi-Fi data in a manner that identifies you or your device(s), Wi-Fi data is anonymously collected or de-identified. We also may enable Bluetooth or other technologies in our stores which enable us to detect the presence of your device in our store or provide operational insights. 2.    Video Cameras. We use cameras in our stores for security, operational and marketing purposes. This technology may capture demographic and personal information about you.3.    Third Party Applications. Some third party service providers (such as Google) are able to combine your search history or other activity with the location services within your device, to know that the same device that was used for searching on-line has also been at our store. These service providers provide us aggregate information as to how internet searches translate to customer store visits or other information. G. Team Sports / Event Site Information. If you choose to create an account on one of our team sports or event Sites we host on behalf of a national, state or local sports governing body, league, club, team, or other organization (each, an “Organization”), or participate (on behalf of yourself or a player with whom you are associated) in an Organization that maintains an account or uses any of our Sites, you are granting us permission to share your information with the Organization and its affiliates and acknowledge that the Organization may share your Personal Information, sports data and related information with others including publicly. In addition to information you personally provide, the Organization and its affiliates, or other participating third parties (such as other users of the Sites) may provide information about you to the Sites including eligibility, roster, scheduling, performance and scoring information. We do not generally control the manner in which Organizations and others input, use, display or share the information posted or stored on the applicable Sites, including with such Organization’s third party service providers. You may consult the privacy policy of such Organizations or contact them for more information. H. Other Information. In addition to collecting Personal Information as described above, we may collect information that does not identify you and is not associated with your Personal Information. We may also de-identify information so it no longer identifies you. We can aggregate and use such information to engage in marketing and other activities in a manner that does not use customers’ personal information and is outside the scope of this Policy.II. Your ChoicesWe provide customers with a number of choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of personal information:A. Email Opt-Out. You may unsubscribe to future e-mail communications from a member of the DICK’S Family of Businesses by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in our e-mail communications from such member. In addition, you may use the methods set forth in the "Contact Customer Service" link below to opt-out or update certain preferences. Regardless of your decision to opt-out of e-mail communications, we may still contact you to respond to an inquiry, regarding transactions and for transactional purposes (e.g., sales confirmations, shipping notifications, recalls, product information, service/reminder notices and account maintenance). B. Disabling Cookies. Based upon your interactions with our Sites and elsewhere on the internet and your (and your device’s) interaction with our Internet Marketing Channels, we may personalize your experience via our Sites and via our Internet Marketing Channels. However, you have choices relating to how your device interacts with our Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels. You may choose to access our Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels without accepting certain Information Technologies on your device(s), and you may opt-out or modify certain elements that are tailored specifically to you and served to you based upon your browsing history. If you choose to restrict those Information Technologies, you can still access our Sites and Internet Marketing Channels, but may not be able to take full advantage of certain features. You may also manage third party tracking by turning off cookies and changing your browser settings. Learn more at www.allaboutcookies.org.
C. Interest-Based Advertising. We participate in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as Online Behavioral Advertising. We use third-party advertising companies and networks to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online when you visit our Sites, Internet Marketing Channels and across other sites to serve you DICK'S advertisements across the Internet and through other channels. Some of these networks may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance's ("DAA") Self-Regulatory Program. To learn more about your choices relating to members of the NAI visit their website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed. To learn more about your choices relating to networks that participate in the DAA Program, please visit http://www.aboutads.info. Please note, even if you choose to restrict, opt-out or modify your preferences, you may still see or receive DICK'S advertisements on our Sites, on our Internet Marketing Channels and on other sites, but such advertisements will not be based upon your browsing history. In addition, the browser on your device may offer you preferences regarding a website's collection of your information or your online activities over time and/or across different websites or online services and you may modify your individual preferences. At this time, our Sites do not respond to these preferences, and our Sites may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Policy. However, you have the option to opt out of certain interest-based advertising. To learn more about interest based advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by participating members, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Options you select are browser and device-specific.D. Location Information. When you visit our Sites, they may collect general location information from your IP address and your specific location information (latitude and longitude) from your browser. You may opt-out of allowing our use of specific location information we obtain when you visit our Sites on-line by selecting the option of not allowing us to use location information when prompted by your browser or by managing your browser settings. Note, such opt-outs and browser settings do not limit our ability to use your general location obtained via your IP address.E. Mobile Device and Application Preferences. 1.    Text Messages. If you have opted-in to receive text messages from us, we may send text messages to the number provided that corresponds to your device. To opt out of mobile messaging from a member of the DICK’s Family of Businesses, reply “stop” to text messages received from such member. This will opt you out of all text message campaigns from that member only. 2.    Push Notifications. You may at any time opt out from further push notifications by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.3.    Location Information. You may at any time opt-out from allowing us to access specific location information of your device by adjusting the permissions in the mobile device you use to access our Sites and those of our third party partners through your mobile browser or DICK’S Sporting Goods mobile app. 4.    In-App Notifications. All application users receive in-app notifications or “local notifications” generated by a device trigger. To halt those notifications, you may discontinue use of the app, or uninstall the app from your mobile device.5.    Updates and Uninstall Mobile Applications. Notification and automatic installation of app updates can be controlled through the preferences of the mobile app “store” specific to your mobile device. You can stop all further collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile app marketplace or network. Note that after you uninstall the mobile app from your device, a unique identifier associated with your device may be retained by DICK’S. If you re-install the app on the same device, we will often be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities. If you have linked a third party fitness account to a DICK’S mobile app, and you no longer want DICK’S to collect data from that fitness account, you will need to disconnect that account within the DICK’S app. Once that is done, you should uninstall the app from your mobile device. 6.    In-Store Mobile Technology. You may prevent us from accessing your in-store location and other data obtained via Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or other in-store mobile technology by preventing it from connecting with our systems (e.g., Wi-Fi) while in our stores so our in-store technology will not detect your presence. To disable third party tracking while in our stores (such as social media), log out of your third party accounts or disable location services when visiting our stores. (Please note that In-Store Mobile Technology is unrelated to in-store cameras as discussed in Section I.F.2 above.)F. Team Sports / Event Sites. With respect to information entered on your behalf by third parties on our team sports or event Sites, please contact the Organization you participate in for options regarding the manner in which information is obtained, entered, displayed and managed.III. How We Use Your InformationWe do not generally disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties without your prior consent, although we do disclose information to third parties in some circumstances as described below under “When We Disclose Information.” We use your information in ways consistent with this Policy and applicable laws in the following ways:1.    Fulfilling, delivering and communicating with you regarding requests for information and orders for products and/or services.2.    Maintaining our loyalty programs.3.    Processing credit card applications, payments, returns and other such transactions.4.    Evaluating your application for employment.5.    Administering surveys, sweepstakes, contests or promotions.6.    Registering and servicing customer accounts.7.    Providing customer service.8.    Conducting research and analysis.9.    Alerting you to product, service and promotional information, including product recalls.10. Helping us to improve and customize our products and services, Sites and Internet Marketing Channels.11. To advertise our products and services to you and those of our partners that we think may be of interest to you.12. Protecting the security and integrity of our stores, Sites, Internet Marketing Channels and overall business practices.13. Enabling Organizations, account holders, and others to utilize the features and functionality and Services of our Sites, including facilitating communications among Organization participants, members and others.14. As may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection.In doing so, we may: 1.    Combine certain Personal Information and non-personal information collected online and offline, including information collected from third parties;2.    Transfer or disclose such information within our Family of Businesses, including affiliates and subsidiaries; 3.    Retain the information as needed to provide you products/services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements as necessary in our sole discretion;4.    Combine the information we collect and maintain it across the DICK’S Family of Businesses and our service providers; 5.    Process User Activity Information to associate you with your interactions on our Sites and In-Store services; including to recognize you and your preferences as you return to our Sites or utilize our Internet Marketing Channels, to tailor advertisements to you, and to provide other services to you. We may display targeted ads to you through Internet Marketing Channels. These ads are sent to groups of people who may share common traits, such as likely commercial interests or demographics. For example, if you have expressed an interest in shopping for golf, we may target you with golf-related products. In addition to such tailoring, we use User Activity Information to ensure that our online presence operates properly and efficiently for you and for your individual customer experience, to evaluate the use and benefit of such presence, and to support our Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels; and 6.    Use location information from your device in order to deliver marketing messages to you which may be more relevant to your general location. We may also use this data to track the effectiveness of local marketing campaigns, as well as our store location services.IV. How We Disclose Your InformationWe may share your information (including Personal Information) with the following categories of third parties where consistent with this Policy and applicable laws:1.    With third party businesses and service providers that assist with our business operations, such as shipping vendors, billing or other payment vendors, payment card processors, IT services, customer service, email and text delivery services, marketing and research vendors and various companies that work with us to improve or provide our products and services and our data integrity including advertising networks and data analytics providers. While we are not involved in the day-to-day operations of such businesses and providers, our agreements generally obligate them to use reasonable methods to keep any Personal Information safe and secure, and not use such Personal Information for purposes other than providing their applicable services. However, even if a third party business or service provider is performing business operations on our behalf, if you have an independent relationship with such third party business or service provider, its use of your information may be governed by its independent relationship with you, and we are not responsible for such use. 2.    As we deem necessary in the event (or partial event) of a corporate sale (asset or stock), merger, reorganization, change in corporate control, acquisition, insolvency, bankruptcy or similar event.3.    In connection with various co-branded, warranty, delivery/assembly and/or financial products or services, including our private label credit card(s).4.    To comply with applicable law or reasonable request based upon governmental regulation, court order, subpoena or similar related action.5.    As we deem necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of DICK'S, our customers, our associates or others, to prevent harm or loss, or in connection with an investigation or suspected or actual unlawful activity.6.    With respect to our team sports or event Sites, with the applicable Organization(s) on whose behalf the Site was established, and otherwise in connection with other features and functionality of such Sites. Such Organizations at their discretion may share your information with other participants, users and public viewers of the Sites. We suggest you review the privacy policies of such Organizations before deciding to share information relating to any such Organization. 7.    To the extent permitted by law, User Activity Information that is passively collected when you use our Sites as described above may be shared with our online and email advertisers or other third-party vendors we use who may provide Information Technologies on our Sites or other websites to manage and improve our online and email advertising campaigns.8.    As may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection.V. How to Update Your InformationFor certain types of information, we offer you several ways to access or update such information:1.    If you have an account on one or more of our Sites, you can log-in to your account on the applicable Site and update your information and communication preferences provided there. Some fields (such as password) can be Site specific and if you have more than one account with us or registered on more than one Website, you will need to update each account.2.    You can Contact Customer Service to request updates to your account via the link at the bottom of each page of our Sites or by emailing us at Customer.Service@dickssportinggoods.com or by calling us at 877-846-9997 for all Sites other than Team Sports HQ (“TSHQ”). For TSHQ, you can reach us by email at support@dickstshq.com or by calling us at 844-374-TSHQ. You may also reach us by U.S. postal mail at 345 Court Street, Coraopolis, PA 15108, ATTN: Customer Service. Please provide your current and complete contact information with these requests.3.    If you are a ScoreCard member you can manage your preferences by logging in at www.MyScoreCardAccount.com. 4.    If you participate in an Organization that uses our team sports or event Sites we host on behalf of an Organization, contact the Organization for options regarding the manner in which your information can be updated, displayed, or removed.Please note:1.    We may refuse requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical efforts, risk the privacy of others or are impractical.2.    After closing your account(s), or updating or deleting any of your information, we may retain residual copies on our servers and back-up systems to the extent permitted by law.3.    Closing or updating information relating to one DICK'S account (e.g., a DICK'S online shopping account) does not guarantee the closing or updating of a separate and different DICK'S account (e.g., a Golf Galaxy shopping account or a DICK'S loyalty card account). If you desire to close or update multiple DICK'S accounts, please log-in to each specific account to do so, or please contact the correct and applicable Customer Service department associated with each such account.4.    Closing an account will not affect information we obtain via Information Technologies.5.    Closing your account on our team sports or event Sites may not remove your information that the Organization and its affiliates, or other third parties, add about you to the applicable Sites (such as participant, eligibility, roster, scheduling, performance or scoring information). In our efforts to maintain accurate and complete information, we utilize third party service providers to assist us in identifying and with updating contact information (e.g., National Change of Address or NCOA).VI. SecurityWe use a variety of security measures to help protect Personal Information and transactions we process. Our Sites utilize encryption technology to protect Personal Information that we transport across the internet. Customers’ online and mobile accounts are password protected with restricted access.Additionally, we use a variety of security measures to help protect Personal Information that we maintain. While no company can guarantee the security of your information, we use physical, administrative and technical controls that are consistent with retail industry practices to mitigate such risks.VII. ChildrenOur Sites are "general audience" websites and not directed toward children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without express parental consent; however if your child is registered with an Organization, such Organization may provide such information to us. By providing such information to an Organization you expressly consent to the Organization providing such information to us. If you are a parent or guardian and think we have unauthorized information about your child who is under the age of 13, please let us know by contacting us at Customer.Service@dickssportinggoods.com, and for TSHQ, you can reach us by email at support@dickstshq.com or by calling us at 844-374-TSHQ. VIII. Third Party LinksOur Sites and our Internet Marketing Channels may link to other sites that we do not control. In addition, you may have visited our Site through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. These other sites are governed by their own privacy policies which you should review when visiting such sites to understand how they collect and use your information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices third party sites.IX. Privacy Policy UpdatesWe may, from time to time, update and revise this Policy. Please periodically check this Policy for any updates or revisions. In the event we make a material change to how we use your information that would materially adversely affect your rights, we will provide you advance notice including by posting the proposed change on the Sites at least 30 days in advance of the effective date of the changes. We encourage you to keep the email and other addresses you provide to us current so that you may receive any additional notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the changes and do not wish to be bound by such changes, you should stop using the Sites, and if you are a registered user, you may cancel your account with us within the thirty (30) day period by contacting us at Customer.Service@dickssportinggoods.com for all Sites other than TSHQ. For TSHQ, you can reach us by email at support@dickstshq.com or by calling us at 844-374-TSHQ. You may also reach us by U.S. postal mail at 345 Court Street, Coraopolis, PA 15108, ATTN: Customer Service. Please provide your current and complete contact information with these requests. Otherwise, the changes will take effect after thirty (30) days.X. State-Specific Notices.
For California residents, please see https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/s/california-disclosures regarding additional notices and privacy disclosures applicable to you. For Nevada residents, please note that we do not sell personal information as defined by Nevada law (Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 603A, Section 1.6). You can submit a request to us at privacy@dcsg.com regarding the sale of such information.
Best Price Guarantee
If You Find a Lower Price, We’ll Match It.
Learn More
Free Curbside Pickup
Grab Your Gear and Go
Learn More
Free Shipping
Online Only. Exclusions Apply.
Details
Sports Matter
Join Us in Helping Save Youth Sports.
Donate
CONNECT WITH US & SAVE
Sign Up For Email and Get 10% Off
*
Email Address
Sign Up
*First-time subscribers only. Returning subscribers will be resubscribed for marketing/promo emails.
Want $20 Off $100?
Join DICK’S Text Alerts to Receive Special Offers! Online Only. Exclusions Apply.
Click For Details
Need More Help?
CONTACT US
COVID-19
UPDATES
SCORE MORE. GIVE MORE. PLAY MORE.
Gift Cards & eGift Cards
Give the Gift That Always Fits. Shop Gift Cards
ScoreCard & ScoreCard Gold
Earn One Point for Every $1 and get a $10 Reward for Every 300 Points. Learn More
ScoreRewards® Credit Card
Accelerate your Rewards and earn 2 points for every $1 on qualified purchases with a ScoreRewards credit card. Learn More
Company
About Us
Careers
Donations & Sponsorships
Commercials & Films
Investor Relations
Corporate Social Responsibility
Press Room
Suppliers
Index [
+ ]
Services
My Account
ScoreCard & ScoreRewards Benefits
Contact Customer Service
Track Your Order
Gift Cards
Shop
Team Websites & Uniforms
Find a Store
Store Services
Promos & Coupons
Rebates
Weekly Ad
Top Brands
Resources
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Rates
Best Price Guarantee
Product Availability & Price
Promo Exclusions
Recalls
CPSIA Information
PRO TIPS
ONLY AT DICK'S
© 2020 DICK'S Sporting Goods
*Price Promotions - Due to manufacturer restrictions, select new release and other specified products are excluded from price promotions. Additionally, there are restrictions on the use of coupon codes.
If you are using a screen reader or other assistive technology and are having problems using this
website, or if you have any other difficulties accessing this website, please call
877-846-9997
for assistance.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
California Disclosures