http://www.thevacuumcenter.com/pages/terms-of-service
Low prices and fast shipping on vacuum & cleaning supplies!
0 items - $0.00
/
Sign in
or
Checkout
TERMS OF SERVICE
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by TheVacuumCenter.com, and owned by Third Day Legacy Incorporated.  TheVacuumCenter.com offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”). These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.
Methods of Payment:  We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, PayPal, and Amazon Payments for online purchases.
Questions: If you have any questions regarding your order, please feel free to contact us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com.  We sincerely appreciate your business.
Website and shopping cart managed by: Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMSBy agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Order Processing: We process and ship orders Monday - Friday, except for USPS postal holidays.
Regular Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 9am - 4pm Eastern Time
1.1 Warranties:  TheVacuumCenter does not provide warranties or warranty service.  Please contact the manufacturer for warranty questions. Shipping on all warranty items/claims must be paid for by the customer.
1.2 Not an Authorized Dealer: TheVacuumCenter.com is not an authorized dealer of any product or brand listed on our website.
1.3 Electronic Signature:  By visiting our site or by ordering any product(s) from TheVacuumCenter.com, you hereby covenant that you have read all of the policies, terms and conditions contained on this page and that you agree to be bound by such policies, terms and conditions.  You further agree that your placing an order will serve as your written signature and consent to this agreement, and you further agree that any court of law or arbitrator shall construe this agreement as signed in person by you.  This agreement is for your protection, as well as ours. We value you as a customer and thank you for your business.
1.4 Return Policies- by placing an order you agree to these terms
How Long Can I Return an Item?TheVacuumCenter.com return policy lasts 30 days. If more than 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately, we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.  Some items are excluded from returns or refunds, see details below.  Certain items will require a 20% restocking fee, see details below.  Return of orders delivered to addresses outside of the Continuous United States require a 20% restocking fee, and require a return authorization.
Return ShippingTo return your product, you should mail your product to:
TheVacuumCenter.com Returns112 E. Persimmon St. #339  Youngsville, NC 27596-0339You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.Return Authorization:  In order to be able to receive a refund, you must contact us for an RMA Number by sending an email to: customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com within the applicable time periods set forth above.  If you do not contact us to obtain an RMA Number within the applicable time period, your purchase will be final and no refund will be allowed. In addition, all returned items must be received by us within ten (10) business days after the RMA Number was issued in order to be eligible for a refund.
What Can I Return?Not all items are eligible for a return.  Returns must meet the following conditions:
Your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it.  It must also be in the original packaging.
You must Contact Us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com to request a return within 30 days from the date of order shipment.
Opened packages are not eligible for a return or refund.
Proof of purchase from TheVacuumCenter.com
You are responsible for return shipping costs.
Certain items are excluded, and may not be returned. See Exempt terms below.
Exempt From Returns: Several types of products and items are exempt from being returned.
Used items or parts.
Damaged or worn items or parts.
Opened package items are non-returnable.
Used or installed Central Vacuum Power Units are non-returnable.
Used Vacuums, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles, all vacuum motors, are excluded from returns, and no refunds will be granted.
Reconditioned Kirby Vacuums are non-returnable.
Reconditioned Rainbow Vacuums are non-returnable.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable);  Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.  Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery.Refund Policies
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Refund and Restocking Fees:
A 20% restocking fee applies to the approved return of; Vacuums, Central Vacuum Power Units, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles.
Return of orders delivered to addresses outside of the Continuous United States requires a 20% restocking fee.
Once a return and refund are approved, 20% of the purchase price will be deducted from the refunded amount.
Exempt From Refunds:
Used items or parts are non-refundable.
Damaged or worn items or parts are non-refundable.
Opened package items are non-refundable.
Used or installed Central Vacuum Power Units are non-refundable.
Used Vacuums, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles, all vacuum motors, are excluded from returns, and no refunds will be granted.
Reconditioned Kirby Vacuums are non-refundable.
Reconditioned Rainbow Vacuums are non-refundable.
Gift cards are non-refundable.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.  If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com.
Exchanges (if applicable)We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATIONWe are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only, and any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
Available Inventory: We do our best to keep product quantities accurate.  However, we may occasionally oversell a product or item.  We will contact you within one two business days of your order to notify if you order contains a product or item that is not available.
Wrong Item:  If, upon receipt of your order, you find that your order is incorrect due to our mistake (i.e., we shipped a product not ordered by you or we failed to ship a product ordered by you), we will send you the correct item at no additional charge.  You must notify us via email or phone within seven (7) days of the date the item is delivered to the shipping address you provided us with (as shown by our delivery confirmation/tracking information) if this is the case.  If you do not notify us within such time period, you are agreeing that your order was correct in all respects.  If applicable, we may request that you return any incorrect item shipped to you at our cost, which you agree to do at our request.
Lost Orders:  You must notify us within thirty (30) days of the date of purchase if you do not receive your product(s).  If you do not contact us within thirty (30) days of the date of purchase, you are agreeing to accept the charges that occur and you are agreeing that you will not place a chargeback.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, risk of loss passes to you when we deliver your package to the USPS or UPS addressed to the shipping address you have provided us.  Please note that, in most cases, items are shipped without a requirement for a signature upon delivery.  Please contact us prior to placing your order if you would like to require a signature upon delivery (additional fees may apply).
Damaged Items:  If you receive a damaged package upon initial delivery, we ask that you do not accept it. If you receive a damaged or defective product, please contact us for instructions.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICESPrices for our products are subject to change without notice.We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATIONWe reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.SECTION 7 - THIRD-PARTY LINKSCertain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.SECTION 8 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONSIf, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send product reviews, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website.  You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.SECTION 9 - PERSONAL INFORMATIONYour submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy. To view our Privacy Policy.SECTION 10 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONSOccasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.SECTION 11 - PROHIBITED USESIn addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others.SECTION 12 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITYWe do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.In no case shall TheVacuumCenter.com, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.SECTION 13 - INDEMNIFICATIONYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless TheVacuumCenter.com and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.SECTION 14 - TERMINATIONThe obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).SECTION 15 - ENTIRE AGREEMENTThe failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.SECTION 16 - GOVERNING LAWThese Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Youngsville, North Carolina US 27596.SECTION 17 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICEYou can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.SECTION 18 - CONTACT INFORMATIONQuestions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com.--------------------------------------
Revised October 2016
Kirby
Bissell
Bona
Bosch
Carpet Pro
Cirrus Vacuums
Compact TriStar
Dirt Devil
Dyson
e-cloth
Electrolux
Eureka
Filter Queen
Fresh Wave
Fit All Replacements
Fuller Brush
Panasonic
Rainbow
Stain-X
Sanyo
Shark / Euro-Pro
Your shopping cart is empty.
Subtotal
$0.00 USD
View Cart
Checkout