http://www.eastmanstrings.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.How do we use your information? Any of the information we collect from you may be used to register your Eastman instrument and to send periodic emails.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, send an email with “unsubscribe” in the subject line to info@eastmanstrings.com.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.  We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.How do you request a copy of your data?Please visit our Terms & Conditions page for instructions on how to request a copy of your data.How do you delete your data?Please visit our Terms & Conditions page for instructions on how to submit a request to delete your data.Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.eastmanstrings.com.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.This policy was last modified on August 1, 2011Contact Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.2138 Pomona Blvd.Pomona, CA 91768USAinfo@eastmanstrings.com