https://www.jamescandy.com/terms-privacy/
Terms and Privacy Policy | James' Candy Company
SAVE 10% TODAY!
Signup to receive the James Candy emails and stay up to date with our latest discounts and promotions.
Check your inbox for your unique promotion code.
Go
Don't show this popup again
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
SAVE 10% TODAY!
Signup to receive the James Candy emails
WELCOME TO OUR NEW WEBSITE! NEW LOOK... SAME TASTY CANDY!
15% OFF Use Code: SUMMERFUN15
Skip to Content
Contact UsMy Account
Compare
()
Stories and History of James Candy
Sign In
Create an Account
Toggle Nav
Menu
Salt Water TaffyFudgeMacaroonsNostalgic ConfectionsChocolatesGiftsCorporate GiftsFun Taffy PackagingGift BasketsGift TinsGift Towers/TraysPick Your Own FlavorsBulk Candy
Account
Search
Search
Advanced Search
All Categories
Gifts
- Corporate Gifts
- Fun Taffy Packaging
- Gift Baskets
- Gift Tins
- Gift Towers/Trays
- Pick Your Own Flavors
Bulk Candy
Salt Water Taffy
Macaroons
Chocolates
Nostalgic Confections
Fudge
Search
Cart
0
Home
Terms and Privacy Policy | James' Candy Company
Terms and Privacy | James' Candy Company
Protecting Your Privacy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. When you share your name, address, or email address with our company, we treat that information with the utmost confidentiality and absolutely refrain from sharing, selling, renting, or publicly posting that information with other companies, organizations, or websites. Additionally, all personal information, including your credit card information is sent to us over a secure internet connection.
We do collect personal information, including names, addresses, and email addresses. We may use this personal information to send newsletters, emails, surveys, and special offers to our users. A user may, at any time, elect not to receive such information.
Our website may also contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices utilized by other sites.
Our Privacy Policy will continuously be assessed against new technologies, business practices, our customers' changing needs, and will be modified and refined as necessary.
Our Privacy Policy has been developed to protect and respect our customers. We have established procedures to ensure that every reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy please submit them using our feedback form.
Terms and Conditions
You are currently viewing a page representing the James' Candy, Fralinger's Salt Water Taffy, and Bayard's Chocolate brands and a web site ("Site") belonging to James' Candy Company. This Site and any of the services provided by our company or companies in connection with this Site are being provided expressly subject to these Terms of Use. By accessing this Site you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. Please read these Terms of Use carefully.
Copyrights/Trademarks/Restrictions of Use
All of the pages and screens on the Site are owned and controlled by (need corporate name), except as otherwise expressly stated, and are protected by U.S. copyright laws and international treaties. The copyrighted materials on the Site include, but are not limited to, the text, design, packaging, software, images, graphics, source code, and the content on the Site. You are authorized to view the information available on the Site for your informational purposes only. You may download copyrighted materials for your personal or internal business purposes only. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. You may not copy, display, distribute, link to, reproduce, license, alter, or republish all or any portion of the Site for any commercial or public purpose without the written consent of (need corporate name).
The Site may contain links to web sites controlled or offered by third parties not affiliated with James' Candy Company. (need corporate name) is not responsible for the content, privacy policies or security of any other company's web site. Should you choose to use the services available at a linked site, you agree to read and adhere to the policies and terms of use applicable to that site.
Warranty Disclaimer
The functions contained in this Site, the operations of this Site, and all content on this Site are provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability. There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the information on this Site. There is no warranty that this Site will fulfill any of your particular purposes or needs.
You agree that (need corporate name) is not responsible or liable for any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any other visitor to this Site.
Menu
Salt Water Taffy
Fudge
Macaroons
Chocolates
Gifts
Bulk Candy
WELCOME TO OUR NEW WEBSITE! NEW LOOK... SAME TASTY CANDY!
15% OFF Use Code: SUMMERFUN15
SAVE 10% TODAY!
Signup to receive the James Candy emails and stay up to date with our latest discounts and promotions. Check your inbox for your unique promotion code.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Go!
Sea Air And Sunshine Sealed In Every Box
Take in the salty sea air and sunshine as you stroll the historic boardwalk... then stop by for some fresh Salt Water Taffy!
...don't forget the fudge! ;)
Photo Credit: Atlantic City, NJ, USA. Hands up on the beach at Atlantic City, N.J. Dry-plate negative by the Detroit Publishing Co., publisher, [between 1900 and 1920]. Library of Congress Prints & Photographs Division.
QUESTIONS?
Contact Us
About
Home
Our History
Store Locations
Flavor Guide
Terms and Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Newsletter Request
Shop All Products
Customer Support
My Account
Customer Service
Shipping Rates
Shopping FAQs
Advance Search
Site Map
About Our Brands
James' de Luxe Confections
Bayard's Chocolates
Fralinger's Salt Water Taffy
©
James Candy Company. All Rights Reserved.