http://www.pick-me.co.nz/privacypolicy.php
Home
Delivery
Flower Care
About Us
Contact
PickMe Flowers Privacy Policy
Security
As you enter information on our website you will notice the SSL padlock - The website is hosted on an SSL Secure Server for the encryption of any details you enter into forms on the website.
Payment Gateway
On the payment process all online flower purchases are made through the secure payment gateway DPS Payment Express where all your details and private information is kept just that. Private.
PickMe does not keep any of your credit card information and will never pass your details on to any 3rd Parties.
Privacy
You have the option to set up a membership account with Best Blooms as part of your checkout process.
This information is kept strictly private.
Privacy on Anonymous Flower Orders
If you choose your order to remain anonymous we will not write your name in the enclosure card. If the recipients contacts us to ask who sent the flowers we will email you with the request and rely on your answer as to what information is passed on.
Due to the New Zealand privacy laws we are unable to tell you who sent flowers to you, if they have not authorised us to do so, as our contract is with the paying customer.
Please note: If we are contacted in regards to a harassment charge we will work together with the law in regards to sharing information to ensure safety of others.
Legal Ownership of this website
PickMe flowers
447 Lake Road
Takapuna
Trading as PickMe
Subsidiary of Best Blooms Limited.
We are 100% New Zealand owned family business.
Best Sellers
Posies
Roses
Sympathy Flowers
Birthday Gifts
Flower Bouquets
Gift Ideas
Gift Baskets
Baby Gifts
Living Plants
Christmas Gifts
Mother's Day
Valentine's Day
Artificial Flowers
Corporate Flowers
0 items | View Cart
Go to Checkout
COVID-19 UPDATE
YES - We are doing Contactless Deliveries in Alert Level 3.
Freephone: 0800 2 pickme
Phone: +64 9 486 3672
Email: info@pick-me.co.nz
Local Time: Friday 11th of December 2020 06:36 PMAll prices in New Zealand dollars & inc GST
© Pick-me | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map