http://www.nfcperformance.com/pages/store-policies#shipping
Skip to content
Interest-free payment options available through
Learn more.
Interest-free payment options available through
Learn more.
Terms of service
Welcome to NFCPerformance.com. Your use of this site demonstrates your acceptance of the following terms & conditions. If you do not agree to these terms & conditions in whole or in part, please do not use this site.
Privacy - Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding privacy.
Electronic Communications - You agree to receive communications from us electronically (via e-mail). You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any and all legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Product Reviews - Unless indicated otherwise, when you post content or submit material on our site, you grant NFCPerformance.com a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You also grant NFCPerformance.com and its sub-licensees the right, but not the obligation, to use the name that you submit with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights to the content you post or submit; that the content is accurate; that use of the content will not violate this policy; and that the content will not cause injury to any person or entity. You agree to indemnify NFCPerformance.com for any and all claims resulting from content that you submit or post. You agree that NFCPerformance.com has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor, edit, and/or remove any activity or content. NFCPerformance.com shall have no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or anyone else.
Copyright & Trademarks - This website and its contents are intended for your personal use. Unless otherwise noted, all content on this site, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property of NFCPerformance.com and is protected by the United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of NFCPerformance.com and is protected by the United States and international copyright laws. Third-party content providers also own copyrights in the content original to it. You may not modify, publish, adapt, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, exhibit, distribute, display, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, perform, reproduce, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the site content, on this site, in whole or in part. You may download or copy one copy of the site content for personal, non-commercial use only, provided that no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark, legend, copyright notice, or other proprietary notices shall be made. Downloading or copying site content for other than personal, non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of us or any other copyright owner. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading or copying any of the product listings, descriptions, or prices, nor may you frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or copyrighted material from the site or use any meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing our names or trademarks, without our express written consent.
You shall be solely responsible and liable for any and all damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting, or submission of your content on the Site. 2012 © NFCPerformance.com. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Product Descriptions and Prices - We attempt to describe products featured on this site as accurately as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or an error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price. We do not always have clear and concise information or images from our suppliers, and cannot accept fault for erroneous orders made due to changes not communicated by said suppliers. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. (If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it as described in our Return Policy)
Product Images - The images used may or may not be an exact match for the product page you visit; we do not have images for every combination of year, make, and model and cannot guarantee that the product you receive will look exactly like the images. Many photos on product pages are used for illustrative purposes only.
Copyright Infringement Claims - If you believe that any material or content posted on this site constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us and we will make all efforts to remedy the situation as quickly as possible. (This notice is issued pursuant to the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act.)
Protecting Children - We are careful to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our websites are general audience sites. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the Internet.
Links to Third-Party Sites - This site may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Their Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions may be different from our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Be advised that you access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on it.
Disclaimer of Warranties - EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD ON OUR SITE. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD ON OUR SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BY USING AND PURCHASING PRODUCTS FROM THIS SITE, YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL NFCPerformance.com, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES RELATED TO PRODUCTS SOLD.
Applicable Law - You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of our Site and your purchase of products or services through our Site. We may, in our sole discretion, report actual or perceived violations of law to law enforcement or appropriate authorities. If we become aware of any potential or suspected violation of these Terms & Conditions or of our Privacy Policy we may (but are not obligated to) conduct an investigation to determine the nature and extent of the suspected violation and the appropriate enforcement action, during which investigation we may suspend services to any customer being investigated and/or remove any material from our servers. You agree to cooperate fully with any such investigation. You acknowledge that violations of the Terms & Conditions or the Privacy Policy could be subject to criminal or civil penalties. The Terms & Conditions and the relationship between you and NFCPerformance.com shall be governed by the laws of the State posted in the address below without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
The failure of NFCPerformance.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms & Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms & Conditions remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this site or the Terms & Conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
NFCPerformance.comc/o Enlightened Auto LLC5199 Tildy Ln,Ammon, ID 83401 (877) 614-7338
Free Shipping
orders over $99
Store Hours
8-5 MT Mon-Fri
Call Us Toll-Free
(877) 614-7338
Christmas Sale
Huge Savings Site-Wide
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal