http://www.ellis-brigham.com/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Credit Card / Payment CardWhen you place an order with us either online or with our customer service team, the address you provide must be the same as that registered with your credit / payment card company in order to validate payment.We also accept payment via PayPal. Click the link for more information about setting up a PayPal account: PaypalUnfortunately we cannot accept VISA ELECTRON or SOLO for orders placed by telephone or online.To process your order more efficiently we request you provide us with a phone number, so we can reach you should any queries arise.All payment details, whether online, via customer services or in store, are handled directly through our banking providers for you financial security and peace of mind. This process follows the Payment Card Security Standard protocol (PCIDSS).PaymentsWhen you make a card payment with Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports, the details are automatically checked for any characteristics that could be linked to a fraudulent purchase; this is performed by our merchant, Global Payments. The check can have 3 outcomes, authorised (everything is fine), rejected (your bank has stopped the payment) and cancelled (the fraud check has stopped the payment going through). In the instance of a cancelled payment, we do not receive any funds from you, however, the payment may be ring fenced by your bank for a few days before it gets released back to your account. Unfortunately, this is something we are unable to speed up as we have no access to the funds and cannot be held responsible for the funds being unavailable in your account. If you do not have access to your funds, it may be worth speaking to your bank for further information.If your payment hasn’t gone through, please contact our Customer Services team on customer.services@ellis-brigham.com or +44(0) 808 164 0600 (Ellis Brigham) or +44(0) 808 164 8720 (The Snowboard Asylum) and we will be able to provide information on why the payment has been stopped.Order Confirmation & Contract of SaleAs soon as your payment has been accepted you will receive an email to confirm your order. A contract of sale then exists between us once your account has been charged. On the rare occasion that we discover an item is no longer available after charging a customer's account, we reserve the right to either refund in full and cancel the sale, or offer a suitable alternative item. The phone number provided will allow us to contact you to discuss this.Personal DataIn order to fulfil a contract of sale or complete other requested transactions, we may have to store customers’ personal data. This will be done in line with GDPR and legislatory regulations. For a comprehensive guide on how we do this, please read our privacy policy.DeliveryWe only display items on the website that we currently hold in stock. In most cases, stock can be taken from our main warehouse, and you will receive your item(s) within 2 working days from the date of purchase. If we have to source the item(s) from one of our retail stores, this may take a little longer and delivery is usually between 3-5 working days. If you need your items by a particular date, please let us know by using the additional shipping notes. (For more information about delivery, including charges and overseas destinations please see visit the Delivery & Shipping page).The delivery charge is paid for by the customer and will not be refunded unless agreed with our Customer Services team or you have used your Customer’s Right to Cancel.For guaranteed next day delivery your order must be placed before 1pm. We will try our best to despatch orders placed after 1pm but can’t guarantee their delivery. Orders placed after 1pm on Thursday will be delivered on Friday, and orders placed after 1pm on Friday and over the weekend will be delivered on Tuesday.We do not take responsibility for items lost or damaged after being delivered to a forwarding address.Morning delivery and weekend delivery may be available with a surcharge, depending on stock location and delivery post code. If this is required please call our customer service team on: 0808 164 8720 to discuss.Our Collection ServiceAs part of our online service, we can help arrange the return of goods with one of our couriers (Royal Mail, UPS or Interlink Express). Our Customer Service Team will advise which service is most suitable based on the items within the order. We maintain the right to pass any non-standard costs over to you the customer, but we will try to avoid this wherever possible (this applies to non-standard UK postcodes and items containing pressurised gas).International DeliveriesCustomers outside of the EU are responsible for paying all taxes and duties. These are not included in our delivery charges and are usually invoiced by the delivery company that we use.ReturnsAll orders for return need to be sent back to us suitably packaged for transit. Items damaged due to insufficient protection may be rejected or charged a restocking fee. Items packaged in a box (e.g. footwear) must be returned in an outer box for additional protection. The postage label must not be applied directly to the product packaging. Orders for return need to be returned within the specified returns period, otherwise they may not be refunded.Customer's Right To CancelThe Distance Selling Regulations stipulate you have the legal right to cancel your order up to a maximum of 14 days from the day after you receive your goods and have a further 14 days to return the order safely from when have notified us. You must notify us of intent to cancel in writing, by contacting us at: Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports, PO Box 491, Salford, M5 0AE, or via email: customer.services@ellis-brigham.com. You can find a copy of our Standard Cancellation Form HERE. Any return postage costs are the responsibility of the customer and all goods in the order must be returned unused and packaged safely for transit.Our returns policy gives you an extra week on top of your legal right, so when you order with Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports you get 21 days to decide whether or not you want to keep the item(s).Exceptions & GuaranteeDue to the very personal fitting implications inherent in the purchase of climbing boots, walking boots, ski boots and snowboard boots, we recommend that you buy these goods in person at one of our specialist nationwide stores.PricesWe reserve the right to change our prices at any time at our discretion. On the rare occasion that a customer places an order for a product on the website that is displaying an incorrect price, we reserve the right to refund any money paid and cancel any contract of sale that exists, if a suitable alternative cannot be found.Although we display several currencies on the website, all orders are charged in GBP. Any other currencies shown are an indication of cost and the amount you are actually charged may differ slightly from what is displayed online. Foreign currency rates are liable to change based on factors beyond our control.Product(s)Please note that the actual colour of some items may differ slightly from the photographic representations shown on our website. Whilst we endeavour to thoroughly test all hardware products displayed on this site, it should be noted that descriptions of performance and suitability are provided solely as a guide.Liability StatementAll outdoor sports have the potential to be hazardous. It is the individual's personal responsibility to learn and understand the proper techniques associated with safe participation in these activities and to fully accept and assume all risks, damages, injury or loss of life which may occur whilst using items purchased from Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports.Gift Cards Terms & Conditions1. A gift card can only be used by the person who purchased it or the person who received it as a gift in full or part payment against purchases from participating Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports (incorporating The Snowboard Asylum) & The North Face stores. Alternatively, the card can be used on www.ellis-brigham.com and www.snowboard-asylum.com, or by calling +44(0) 808 164 0600 (Ellis Brigham) or +44(0) 808 164 8720 (The Snowboard Asylum) .2. The total value of purchases will be deducted from the card balance; any remaining balance can be used against future purchases.3. To check the balance of your card, please click here and enter your card number.4. Your card will automatically expire after 24 months from the last time you use it to make a purchase or check your balance and any remaining balance will be deducted.5. Ellis Brigham Ltd cannot accept responsibility if your card is lost, stolen or damaged.It will not be replaced nor its value refunded in any of these circumstances.6. Ellis Brigham reserve the right to amend the terms and conditions of this card at any time.For all enquiries regarding gift card usage please contact Customer Services Dept, Ellis Brigham Ltd, PO Box 491, Salford, M5 0AE. Tel: +44(0) 808 164 0600 (Ellis Brigham) or +44(0) 808 164 8720 (The Snowboard Asylum)
Our Partners
© Ellis Brigham Ltd 2020