http://www.broadwaybox.com/learn-more/terms/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Broadway Suspended til 5/30/21 - Covid-19 update
×
Broadway Suspended til 5/30/21 - Covid-19 update
×
Home
Shows
The Daily Scoop
Calendar
Get Discount Alerts
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Apple
About Us&How It Works
New York
London
Shows
By Category
2019 Tony Award Winners
Musicals
Plays
Kid-Friendly
Drama
Browse All
Featured Discounts
Mrs. Doubtfire
Chicago
Come From Away
Jagged Little Pill
Mean Girls
Company
West Side Story
To Kill A Mockingbird
Sing Street
Girl From The North Country
The Minutes
The Phantom of the Opera
Popular Shows
The Music Man
Hamilton
Wicked
To Kill A Mockingbird
Moulin Rouge! The Musical
Browse All
Daily Scoop
By Category
Broadway Bucket List
Dancing Through My Resume
20 Questions in 2 Minutes
Memories & Mishaps
Exclusive Backstage Photos
Introduce Yourself(ie)
Seven Questions With
Five Burning Questions
Browse All
Calendar
Get Discount Alerts
About
How It Works
Testimonials
Group Tickets
Discount Alerts
Contact Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Learn More
About
How It Works
Testimonials
Group Tickets
Discount Alerts
Contact Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
BroadwayBox, Inc.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. Why We Have Instituted These Terms and Conditions.
BroadwayBox, Inc. and its affiliated companies (“BroadwayBox”, “Us”, “We”, “Our”) have created these Terms and Conditions ("Terms") to be as transparent as possible with regard to how we operate our businesses online and what we expect from our customers (“You”, “Your”, “Yours”) when using our web sites. These Terms apply to all users of our web sites, our mobile application(s) (e.g. iPad app), Our services available via telephone and those transactions that take place in person, by postal or electronic mail (collectively, "Site", "Sites" or "Our Sites").
2. Where these Terms Apply.
Transactions that transpire on Our Sites occur within the United States of America ("USA"). These Terms apply to laws and regulations of the USA. BroadwayBox makes no representation or warranty that Our Sites or services operate in accordance with the laws of any other nation, or that they or any part thereof, are appropriate for use in any particular nation or political subdivision (collectively referred to as "Nation"). Those who access and use Our Sites from another Nation does so at his or her own initiative and risk and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations of the Nation from which Our Sites are accessed. Your use of Our Sites is Your acknowledgement that Our Sites and the products and services rendered by Us are subject to the laws and regulations of the USA, and You specifically waive any right to pursue claims that may arise under the laws of Your home Nation or the Nation from which You access this Site.
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove ("Change") provisions of these Terms and We will endeavor to notify You of any such Change by posting a notice conspicuously in one of more of the following places: the home page of all of Our websites or the opening screen of any mobile device to which these Terms apply. Any such Change shall be effective immediately. Please check back from time to time to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of Our Terms. You can determine whether these Terms have been revised since your last visit by referring to the "Last Updated" legend at the bottom of this page.
3. Your Consent. Please read these Terms carefully.
Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance of these Terms without limitation, qualification or change. Your continued use of Our Sites or Our non-electronic services (e.g. in-person box office sale) is Your consent to be bound by these Terms and Your promise to abide by the practices we describe herein, in our printed materials, and in other places on Our Sites. If you do not agree with these Terms or any other term on our Sites, or in our printed materials, do not use Our services or Sites.
4. Limited License.
We grant to You a non-exclusive, limited, revocable right and license ("License") to visit and use Our Sites, provided you agree to comply with these Terms and the other policies and conditions governing Your use of the Sites. Nothing in this License, or in the Sites, shall be construed as granting you any other rights or privileges with respect to the Sites or its content. In addition, we may terminate your right to access or otherwise use the Sites at any time, without giving you notice.
5. Restrictions on the Use of Our Content.
We provide information on the Sites for your personal and noncommercial use only. You may not copy, modify, distribute, display, perform, create derivative works from or transfer any of the content on Our Sites (except for your own personal, non-commercial use). Our Sites are to be used solely for lawful purposes. It is incumbent upon You to assure that Your use of Our Sites complies with all applicable local, state and federal laws of the US. You may not disrupt, modify or interfere with the Sites or their associated software, hardware or servers. In addition, you may not interfere with the use of the Sites by others. You may not download any of the content found on this Site and use it for any public display, performance, sale or rental; or transfer, remove, modify or alter any trademark, copyright or other proprietary content from this web site, or copy any content for a purpose prohibited by these Terms. You agree that you will not use any automatic device, software or routine including, without limitation, any robots, spiders, web bots, web wanders, crawlers, worms or web ants or any manual process which may overload our network or servers or in any way interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation of this web site. In addition, You agree not to employ any of the foregoing in an effort to circumvent any security measures we have in place to protect our Site or to enforce our policies, including without limitation, the "CAPTCHA" system used on this Site and limits on ticket purchases. You agree not to attempt to conceal Your identity by using multiple Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses or email addresses to purchase tickets on the Site. If You violate these Terms (or if we in our sole discretion believe You have violated any of these Terms), we may terminate Your use of the Site, bar any future use of the Site by You (and by any IP addresses we believe to be associated with Your use of the Site), cancel Your purchase order or take appropriate legal action against You including, without limitation, seeking civil, criminal and injunctive redress.
6.
Testimonials, Reviews, Comments and Other Submissions.
Visitors to the Sites may post testimonials, reviews, comments and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising or marketing of any good or services), chain letters (or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages), mass mailings, or any form of “spam.”
You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content posted.
BroadwayBox reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant BroadwayBox a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant BroadwayBox and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; and that use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You may not imply that your content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by BroadwayBox.
You irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against BroadwayBox and its users any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to any of your content.
BroadwayBox has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
BroadwayBox takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
7. Linking.
At times, we or third parties may provide You with hypertext links to other web sites. Unless otherwise stated, we do not operate these other web sites and are not responsible for, and do not endorse the contents, information, products or services provided by such web sites. You acknowledge and agree that BroadwayBox shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with Your use of or reliance on such other web site(s), or the contents, information, products or services provided on any such web site(s).
You may not link Your Site to any of Our web pages without Our prior express written permission. In addition, You may not frame on another web site any information located on Our Sites without Our prior express written consent. You may request such consents by sending an e-mail request to customerservice@broadwaybox.com. You agree that if We grant permission to You to link to Our Sites, You may not link any web page that (i) violates any applicable law or regulation, (ii) infringes the patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violates any privacy, publicity or personal rights of others; or (iii) contains defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive or hateful information or expressions.
8. Intellectual Property.
BroadwayBox.com® is a registeredtrademark of BroadwayBox, Inc. Other trademarks appearing on the Sites are the property of their respective owners. You may not publicly use any trademarks owned by us without our express written permission. The contents of Our Sites, such as text, graphic images and other materials (the "Works") are protected under U.S. and foreign copyright law. The Works may include text, software, graphics, photographs, videos, music and sound. In addition, the aggregated contents of these Sites are copyrighted as a collective work and/or compilation. You may not reproduce, copy, edit, publish or transmit the Works in any way without our express written permission. Unless specifically stated herein or elsewhere on Our Sites, Your use of our Sites does not give rise to any express or implied right to any of our trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You may request such permission to use our trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights by sending an e-mail request to team@broadwaybox.com. In the event that we grant You such permission, You will not gain any legal rights to Our intellectual property or proprietary information.
9. Disclaimer.
Your use of Our Sites is at Your own risk. We make no representations or warranties that there will be no errors transmitting information to and from Our Sites. We do not promise that information You receive from this Site is accurate or reliable or that this Site is free of computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. Please see our Privacy Policy for information regarding the measures we take to protect information You provide to Us. We make no guarantee of the availability of any tickets or specific results from the use of the Site or of our service. OUR SITES, THEIR CONTENTS AND OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
10. Limitation of Liability.
BroadwayBox will not under any circumstances be liable to You for any consequential, incidental or special damages (including but not limited to lost profits) arising out of Your use of Our Sites, even if apprised of the likelihood of such damages occurring, and regardless of the legal theory upon which any alleged damages are premised. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BroadwayBox's liability is limited to the actual cost of any product or service purchased by You though Our Sites.
11. Indemnity.
We may make claims against You for Your use of Our Sites that violates applicable laws, rules or regulations and/or Our policies posted on Our Sites. You agree to hold us harmless and indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with Your use of Our Sites, Your use of Our Sites which violates any law, rule or regulation, or Your use of Our Sites which violates any third party right.
12. Alternative Dispute Resolution.
A. Procedure.
The Parties agree that any and all disputes, claims or controversies arising out of or related to these Terms or Your use of Our Sites shall be submitted to mediation and if the matter is not resolved through mediation, it shall be submitted for arbitration. Unless the parties agree otherwise, any mediation and/or arbitration shall take place in the State of New York, New York County, and shall be administered by, and pursuant to the rules of, the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"). Your use of Our Sites is Your consent to the sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction of the AAA sitting in New York County, New York.
B.
Restrictions on Arbitration. Disputes shall be arbitrated on an individual basis. There shall be no right or authority for any disputes to be arbitrated on a class action basis or in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public or other persons similarly situated. The arbitrator's authority to resolve disputes and to make awards is limited to disputes between the Parties alone, and is subject to the limitations of liability set forth above. Furthermore, disputes brought by either party against the other may not be joined or consolidated in arbitration with disputes brought by or against any third party, unless agreed to in writing by all parties. No arbitration award or decision shall be given preclusive effect as to issues or claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a party to this the arbitration. You specifically waive any right to be a member of a class action lawsuit for any claim You allege arising from the use of Our Sites.
13. Contacting Us Regarding Our Sites.
If You have any questions concerning these Terms, You may send them by email to team@broadwaybox.com. Please note that email communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly You should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in Your email correspondence with us. You must send any official correspondence via US postal mail to:
BroadwayBox, Inc.
1619 Broadway, 9th Floor
New York, New York 10019
Attention: General Counsel
14. Your California Privacy Rights.
If You are a California resident, You have the right to request information about how we share certain categories of personal information with third parties. California law gives You the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information:
A. the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;
B. the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information; and
C. if the nature of the third party's business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.
Any question you may have regarding these Terms should be made in writing and sent to, team@broadwaybox.com.
Last Updated: December 10, 2013
©
2013 BroadwayBox, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Footer
About BroadwayBox
Contact Us
Careers
Accessibility
© 2002 — 2020 BroadwayBox, Inc.
BroadwayBox.com®, BroadwayBox® and Tech the Tech® aretrademarks of BroadwayBox, Inc.
Powered by Tech the Tech®
Discount tickets for Broadway shows and much more.
Get Discount Alerts
Connect With Us
Mobile App
Cities
New York
London
Popular Shows
The Music Man
Hamilton
Wicked
To Kill A Mockingbird
Moulin Rouge! The Musical
The Phantom of the Opera
The Lion King
The Book of Mormon
Learn More
About
How It Works
Testimonials
Contact Us
FAQ
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Browse
Discount Broadway Tickets
Broadway Shows
Off-Broadway Shows
Tools & Extras
Discount Alerts
Discount One Sheet
Group Tickets
How to Buy Cheap Broadway Tickets
Media Kit
© 2002 — 2020 BroadwayBox, Inc.
BroadwayBox.com®, BroadwayBox® and Tech the Tech® are trademarks of BroadwayBox, Inc.
×
Sign up for BroadwayBox Discount Alerts
Get exclusive, new Broadway and off-Broadway daily discount offers, plus popular weekly features.
Email Address
Please enter a valid email address.
Select a Country
Select a Country
United States of America
Andorra
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Antigua and Barbuda
Anguilla
Albania
Armenia
Angola
Antarctica
Argentina
American Samoa
Austria
Australia
Aruba
Åland Islands
Azerbaijan
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Barbados
Bangladesh
Belgium
Burkina Faso
Bulgaria
Bahrain
Burundi
Benin
Saint Barthélemy
Bermuda
Brunei Darussalam
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Brazil
Bahamas
Bhutan
Bouvet Island
Botswana
Belarus
Belize
Canada
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Congo (the Democratic Republic of the)
Central African Republic
Congo
Switzerland
Côte d'Ivoire
Cook Islands
Chile
Cameroon
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Cabo Verde
Curaçao
Christmas Island
Cyprus
Czechia
Germany
Djibouti
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Algeria
Ecuador
Estonia
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Spain
Ethiopia
Finland
Fiji
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Faroe Islands
France
Gabon
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Grenada
Georgia
French Guiana
Guernsey
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Gambia
Guinea
Guadeloupe
Equatorial Guinea
Greece
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Guatemala
Guam
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Hong Kong
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Croatia
Haiti
Hungary
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Isle of Man
India
British Indian Ocean Territory
Iraq
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iceland
Italy
Jersey
Jamaica
Jordan
Japan
Kenya
Kyrgyzstan
Cambodia
Kiribati
Comoros
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Korea (the Democratic People's Republic of)
Korea (the Republic of)
Kuwait
Cayman Islands
Kazakhstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Lebanon
Saint Lucia
Liechtenstein
Sri Lanka
Liberia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Latvia
Libya
Morocco
Monaco
Moldova (the Republic of)
Montenegro
Saint Martin (French part)
Madagascar
Marshall Islands
North Macedonia
Mali
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macao
Northern Mariana Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Montserrat
Malta
Mauritius
Maldives
Malawi
Mexico
Malaysia
Mozambique
Namibia
New Caledonia
Niger
Norfolk Island
Nigeria
Nicaragua
Netherlands
Norway
Nepal
Nauru
Niue
New Zealand
Oman
Panama
Peru
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pakistan
Poland
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Pitcairn
Puerto Rico
Palestine, State of
Portugal
Palau
Paraguay
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Serbia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saudi Arabia
Solomon Islands
Seychelles
Sudan
Sweden
Singapore
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Slovenia
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Slovakia
Sierra Leone
San Marino
Senegal
Somalia
Suriname
South Sudan
Sao Tome and Principe
El Salvador
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Syrian Arab Republic
Eswatini
Turks and Caicos Islands
Chad
French Southern Territories
Togo
Thailand
Tajikistan
Tokelau
Timor-Leste
Turkmenistan
Tunisia
Tonga
Turkey
Trinidad and Tobago
Tuvalu
Taiwan (Province of China)
Tanzania, the United Republic of
Ukraine
Uganda
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Holy See
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Viet Nam
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna
Samoa
Yemen
Mayotte
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Please select a country.
Oops! There was a technical error, please try again later.
Success
You are now signed up for BroadwayBox discount alerts.
Close