https://www.ethnic-warehouse.com/terms-conditions
Telephone Orders Welcome: 01756 229 552
Ethnic Warehouse
Ethnic Clothing for Women and Men
Home
Kaftans
£10 Kaftans
Plain Kaftans
Patterned Kaftans
Floral Kaftans
Tie Dye Kaftans
Animal Print Kaftans
Short Kaftans
Summer Kaftans
View All
Adini Clearance
Boho Boutique
Ladies Wear
Embroidered
Tops
Kurtas
Dresses
Chiffon Tops
Linen
Jackets & Coats
Ponchos
Pants
Scarves
Summer
View All
Sale
Everything £5
Grandad Shirts
Leatherwear
Terms & Conditions
Please read through the following carefully before placing an order. By using this website and/or placing an order, you agree to be bound by the Terms & Conditions set out below.
These Terms & Conditions are set out on the basis of which you can use our website, call centre, and stores to place orders for items from East End (East End Ethnic Warehouse). By ordering/purchasing goods from East End, you are deemed to have understood and accepted these terms.
The supplier of the goods featured is East End Ethnic Warehouse, Registered office 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1JF. VAT Registration No. 500153807.
You may contact us by email at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com or call us on 01756 791670 Unless stated otherwise all calls to East End are at your normal landline charge. Mobile providers and other networks may vary.
We may contact you by email, texts, or telephone with relevant offers.
General
All measurements are approximate.
The colours and designs displayed on the website are as accurate as the photographic and production process will reasonably allow.
All risks in the products we supply to you, in particular, the risk of any loss or damage, shall pass to you on delivery of the products to the address you specify while placing your order. Ownership of the products shall not pass to you until we have received payment in full in respect of such products.
We shall not be liable for any indirect losses you may suffer, including any loss of profit, income or anticipated savings as a result of our failure to comply with these terms.
These terms constitute the entire terms on which we will provide products to you and cancel and supersede all prior arrangements and representations, whether verbal or written.
We may amend these terms from time to time at our discretion without notice to you. Any amendments will be posted on this website and will supersede any terms and conditions previously published by us.
No delay or failure by us in exercising or enforcing any of our rights or remedies under these terms shall operate as a waiver of those rights.
If any one or more of the provisions of these terms should be held by any court to be unenforceable, such provision shall be validly restated to as nearly as possible approximate the intent of the clause and, if such clause cannot be restated for any reason, shall be severable from these terms and deleted.
You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms to any person without our prior written consent. No third party shall be entitled to enforce any of these terms whether by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
All matters concerning and incidental to any offer or agreement for the purchase and sale of products from our website shall be in English and construed and governed according to English law and the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in all such matters.
We do our best to make sure that prices are correctly shown but very occasionally a technical error may occur. If this should happen, we will correct the price and ask you to confirm whether you still wish to purchase the products at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you, we will treat the order as cancelled. We will not accept an order if there is a pricing error.
We do not allow a resale on any of our items.
The Content, the Trade Marks, nor any other portion of the Website may be used, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, modified or otherwise exploited in full or in part for any purpose without our prior written consent from the management.
If you are not happy with any product we supply, you can return the item for a refund, or contact our customer care on 01756 791670
East End reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse service at any time. Sale of any goods or services is subject to availability.
These terms and conditions do not in any way affect your statutory rights.
Order Process
Please make sure the email address you provide us with is correct and your mailbox is in proper working order. All Order confirmations and acceptances are sent to that email address. If you do not receive a confirmation email, please check any other folders you may have for Order communications.
Please note in particular that:
Whilst we try to ensure that all details (including prices) displayed on this Website are correct and up to date, sometimes products may be incorrectly priced.
You must ensure that prior to placing an order; you have checked all relevant details including your country. Please check the Products you have selected earlier, as their price details may have changed since you last visited this Website.
Product prices shown on the Website may change from time to time, for example, if the product you are ordering is subject to a promotional discount or offer, which is either applied or withdrawn during the selling period. Please note if a pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mispricing, we do not have to provide the relevant products to you at the incorrect (lower) price.
All Products displayed on this Website are subject to availability and all orders are subject to acceptance.
All prices are inclusive of UK VAT (but do not include delivery charges that will be added to your total prior to you placing your Order).
We will not be able to process VAT refunds for international customers.
Custom charges may vary depending on the country of origin. International orders may be subject to local taxes, import duties or other local requirements.
Your payment card or PayPal account will be debited immediately, prior to processing and dispatching your order.
Orders are submitted via our Website in the following way:
Once you are ready to make a purchase, click on ‘Add to Shopping Bag’ to add the product you wish to purchase to your Shopping Bag. Then proceed by clicking ‘Checkout’ to log into our secure server to complete your Order.
You will be asked for your email address to proceed. At this point, you do not have to create an account with us, but we require an email address to process your Order.
If you have already registered with us, you may enter your sign-in details to access your account.
You will be required to enter your delivery and billing address details if this is your first Order or if you do not have an account. If you have an account, you can use the address details from your account or add a new delivery address. You will then be required to enter your payment details. We currently cannot store payment details, so you will need to enter these each time you place an Order.
If any delivery charges are payable these will then be added to the amount you will be charged. Before checking out, you must confirm you wish to make an Order and accept these Terms of Sale.
Once you have completed your Order, you may create an account with us, which requires a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone else. The address that you register with must be the address that your payment card statement is sent to; however, you can use a different shipping address.
Once you submit your Order, we will then send you a confirmation email to acknowledge that we have received your Order and that your Order has been accepted by us (“Confirmation”). At this point, the contract between us (“Contract”) is formed and we will process the payment details you have given to us to make payment for your Order.
You will receive a further email or a text from us confirming dispatch of the Product(s) to the shipping address you have requested.
You should check each email for accuracy and let us know immediately if there are any errors.
When you submit your Order, you are offering to buy the Product(s) at the price set out in the Order. Prices are checked regularly. However, if we find the price has changed, or that there has been a pricing error due to some technical issue when we receive your Order, we will contact you and ask if you wish to proceed at the correct price.
If there are any problems with your Order (for example, we don’t have the products you wanted in stock, we can only fulfil part of your Order, or we find the price has changed), you will be contacted by a representative from East End Customer Services.
If you have any problems with your Order, please contact our Website Customer Service Department through email at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com or call us on 01756 791670. We are open on all days of the week, from 10:00 – 17:00 and Sundays 10:00 – 16:00 GMT.
Please be advised that we are unable to rectify mistakes you have made on your Order, so do check it carefully before checking out. Please see the section below for your rights to cancel.
Payment
Payment may be made by any single method stated on our website; we are unable to process orders with more than one method of payment. We accept all major credit and debit cards, we do accept cheques but goods will not be dispatched until the cheque is cleared. We do not accept payment by postal order.
For security purposes, your billing name and address must match that of the Credit/Debit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel and refund any order that does not match this criterion, once the information has been received from your bank or payment authority.
The price displayed for goods and services remains the same regardless of the country of delivery. For deliveries to the EU, the price includes VAT at the rate of the country of dispatch. For deliveries outside the EU, the price remains the same, but VAT is not charged and customers are not entitled to any discounts or VAT refunds.
A delivery charge will be applied at the time of checkout, please view our delivery section.
It is your responsibility to comply with all requirements imposed by local Customs authorities in relation to your order (including requirements regarding the provision of identification information in order to receive your order). We recommend that you make yourself aware of local import duties and any other requirements before placing your order.
Delivery
We deliver to any UK address as well as provide International Delivery. Please see our Delivery section for the country list and prices. All orders for international deliveries are subject to our Terms and Conditions. We do not deliver to PO Boxes, orders placed for these addresses will be cancelled and a full refund will be given, if you have already paid for the products. We also deliver to the Republic of Ireland.
Orders require a signature to acknowledge delivery. The signature of the person accepting delivery at the delivery address will be a proof that delivery has been received by you or the person to whom the order is addressed. If no one is available to accept the delivery you will receive information to advise that a delivery has been attempted.
Please check our delivery section for full delivery charges.
All delivery deadlines will depend on the address details supplied and stocks being present at the time of dispatch. If there are any discrepancies in your order, we will contact you, so please be sure to provide correct contact numbers with area codes, as well as an email address.
We will try to deliver all orders received, however, if a customer is not at home, a card, SMS or email notification will be issued, and the parcel will then be delivered to a Neighbour, Collection Point or returned back to the depot. It is the customer’s responsibility to collect it or arrange re-delivery.
If a parcel is returned as undelivered, we will offer a refund for the items only. If you still require the parcel to be resent a further postage charge is applicable.
We cannot accept liability for Next Day/Timed Deliveries where the recipient is not available to receive the parcel. If you do not want the order following a late delivery, please do not accept it and return it to the courier.
We shall have no liability to you in respect of any delay or failure to deliver a product due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including (without limitation) delay or failure caused by adverse weather, strikes or transport problems or technical issues.
We are not liable to pay the refund for late delivery if the consignment does not have a complete and accurate address, postcode and telephone number for the customer.
We are not liable to pay the refund for late delivery due to delays in the payment of duties and taxes or parcels being seized by authorities. Or for delays caused by acts or omissions of customers details or other regulatory agencies.
From time to time, we may offer special postage promotions and free delivery, which will be available online and via our call centre. These offers are for the Mainland UK only and exclude in their entirety the Scottish Highlands, Northern Ireland, Isle of Man and the Isle of Scilly. All International/European orders and higher postage delivery areas are also excluded. The postage promotions offered are for standard delivery and may be available on a differing minimum spend value via our website and our call centre. Postage promotions and in particular free postage offers are not applicable during sale periods and will be removed from the website and call centre automatically without notice.
Cancellation
If for any reason you wish to cancel your order, you have the right to cancel any order you have placed. (Other than in respect of products made to your specification.)
If the products have been delivered to you, you may cancel them up to 7 working days, starting from the day after the products were received, in line with the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000.
You can email us at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com or write to us at Order Cancellation, East End, 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1JF. If you have contacted us to cancel before delivery of your products, please refuse any delivery attempt by the courier. Most products can be returned to the store. In the meantime, you must take reasonable care of them.
We will refund you the full amount on complete orders returned. We do not refund the cost of returning the goods in line with Regulation 17 of the Distant Selling Regulations. Any orders which are not received in line with the above, the cost of return will be debited from any refund due.
For instructions on how to return an order, please visit our Returns section.
Returns
We will refund most items provided they are returned complete, unused, and in their original packaging with all appropriate labels and tags intact within 14 days of receipt.
Cosmetics and Pierced Jewellery Items cannot be returned due to the current Health and Hygiene Regulations.
Please ensure your returns form is completed in full and any supporting information written on a separate sheet of paper and enclosed in the parcel. If you have misplaced your return form, you can download one from our website. All items being returned to us need to be adequately packaged and labelled.
Post your parcel to East End, 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1JF.
In the UK, you can return your goods via the Post Office using second class recorded delivery for parcels weighing less than 1kg, thereafter first class recorded. Please ensure that you retain the postage receipt and obtain adequate insurance to cover the value of the returned goods. As we cannot accept any liability for items until they have been received by us.
International returns can be made from your local post office or the Courier Company, should you need help or advice regarding this please email us at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com. We also have an option to send items back via DPD and DHL, through a portal online. These services are managed by the respective courier.
We are unable to provide a free returns service, and therefore customers are required to cover all return postage costs.
If you return an item to us outside of the Terms & Conditions of our return policy, and your statutory rights do not apply, we may not refund you.
Refunds
Refunds are processed within 14 days of receipt of any returns. A refund can only be issued via the original payment method.
If an item is out of stock or you cancel your order before dispatch, the refund will be issued within 3-4 days. If there is an issue where a refund has not been received, please call our customer service on 01756 791670 from 09:00 – 17:00 GMT.
Any courier claims can take up to six weeks to refund on return of all relevant paperwork.
During peak periods such as Sales or Festive periods, time for processing refunds may be slightly higher.
Stock Availability
Occasionally an item of stock may not be available. Under these circumstances, we do not wish to delay your order and may do any of the following.
We will try to contact you, and if in the event you are not reachable, a refund may be given of the item and your order will be dispatched.
If the customer provides incorrect telephone numbers or incorrect address details and we cannot verify them, the order may not be sent out until we are able to make contact with the customer.
Your card details must match the delivery address. If there is a discrepancy, then we will need to verify the card and address match before dispatching your parcel. This may delay the dispatch of your order. We cannot be held liable for timed and next day deliveries in these cases.
In the event that more than one item is missing we may cancel the order and issue a refund in full.
Damaged Goods / Parcels
In the event that the parcel has been damaged or tampered with on delivery, do not sign for a parcel and return it back to the courier.
If you accept a damaged parcel, then you need to sign “damaged” on receipt and obtain the couriers signature. Open goods in front of courier and notify him of any damage/missing items. A refund for this will depend on the time taken by the courier to resolve the claim.
Keep ALL the packaging, as this will be required for any claims against couriers for damaged/missing items. In the event of damaged items, you must contact our customer service team on 01756 791670, within 3 days. Any notification after this date will not be considered.
We shall refund or replace goods free of charge, lost in the transit by our carrier, subject to completion of their claims process.
In the event that you receive an item which is damaged, please contact our customer care on 01756 791670, and we will try to resolve this matter with a repair, refund or replacement.
Refunds will not be given for products with damages caused by a customer’s misuse or neglect.
Missing Items / Parcels
A claim must be placed within 3 days of receipt of your order via phone on 01756 791670 or email at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com
You will be required to fill out a missing claim form which can be downloaded from here.
All packaging must be kept in order to process your claim.
If you accept a damaged package you will be subject to any courier investigations before we can finalise any claims.
Where the courier company establishes that the delivery has been made, we would then need to adhere to their claim procedure. This will require the customer to complete a Missing Parcel claim form which will be provided directly from the couriers.
Unfortunately, we cannot pursue any claims until all appropriate forms have been returned back to them.
Clearance / Sale Section
The reductions shown are reductions from the original marked price charged on the website.
We also supply a recommended sale price as guidance on the normal selling price. Occasionally these prices may have been applied more than six months ago.
The offer of free delivery is not applicable on the sale items.
Special Offers
From time to time we may offer Free Delivery on orders purchased online. This excludes Scottish Highlands and Islands; Northern Ireland, Isle of Man, and the Isle of Scilly. Also, it excludes international orders and higher postage delivery areas. This is only applicable for standard delivery.
The above offer may be available at a different spend on orders placed via our call centre.
Periodically our retail stores may run special local promotions (which may not be available on our website) or we may offer special discounts online that are not available in the retail stores. Some website promotions may not be available to customers in particular jurisdictions.
All promotional offers must be returned in their entirety.
Fabric & Embroidery
Many of our items are hand embroidered and therefore fragile in their usage. These garments should be worn with care.
A garment may have variations in patterns due to individual dyeing methods.
Please ensure that the first wash is ‘Dry Clean’ only, heavy embroidered items can only be Dry Cleaned.
Casual items should be washed separately in cold water and thoroughly rinsed (do not leave to soak).
Please note that due to hand dyeing methods used the colours are not guaranteed. We cannot be liable for any damage to your garments due to not complying with the washing instructions given.
All clothing with embossed or rubber prints should be reverse ironed.
Any displacements of prints, sequin, beading, or embroidery cannot be deemed to be a defect in the garment but are caused by the very nature of the work. Extra beading might be supplied. In these cases, postage cannot be claimed in refunds.
Outfits may have a smell of paraffin which is due to the process used to dry clean garments after embroidery. This smell will evaporate once the garment has been removed from the packing.
Specially commissioned items can only be cancelled within 5 days of placing the order. We cannot offer you a refund or cancellation after this period of time. Your statutory rights are not affected.
International Orders
In addition to the Terms and Conditions which are set out above the following also apply solely to European/International orders.
All orders are shipped from the UK and customers from outside the European Union will be liable for any import duty or other taxes, fees and charges that are applied by customs or other authorities in the country of receipt. If you are unsure about whether these duties, taxes and charges might apply to your order, you should contact your local tax or customs authorities, prior to placing your order. Charges are based on the contents of the order. We cannot accept any responsibility for any delay or failure in the product reaching you due to any customs, legal or regulatory restrictions. We may at our discretion refuse to process an order for any product if we believe that delivery may be subject to any restriction in the destination country
We charge you for your order in Pounds Sterling, and payment can be made by any of the methods indicated on our website. The actual price charged to overseas customers will be subject to the exchange rate applied by the customer’s credit or Debit Card Company, who may also charge an additional administration fee.
The price displayed for goods/services remains the same for all customers regardless of the country of delivery. For deliveries to the EU, this price includes VAT (or VAT equivalent) at the current rate. Although this price is the same for deliveries outside the EU, where VAT (or VAT equivalent) may not be applicable, customers are not entitled to any discount or refund to account for the differences in tax treatment and will pay the same price for the item as a customer placing an order for delivery to the EU (including the Channel Islands and the Canary Islands). Other components of the total price at the checkout, including delivery charge, will vary for each customer.
A delivery charge will be applied during the checkout, please view our International Delivery section for more information on prices and times.
Once your order has been dispatched, you will receive various notifications from the courier either by email or SMS, to keep you informed about your forthcoming delivery. If you do not hear anything or still don’t have your order after 10 working days have passed, then please contact us at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com
Failed deliveries as a result of the incorrect address being provided or failure to collect the parcel from the designated location will result in the parcel being returned to us. A refund will then be issued back to the customer on receipt, excluding the delivery charge. Any further re-delivery attempts will require an additional payment of the relevant postage charge. We are unable to offer a free return service; therefore, customers are requested to cover all return postage costs. Returns should be sent to East End, 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire BD23 1JF
If you are an EU customer in the European Union, you have the right to cancel your contract within 14 calendar days from the day after the date you received your order. This right does not apply to items that have been sealed for hygiene reasons (beauty products, swimwear, pierced jewellery, etc.) if the seal has been broken. You will be responsible for the cost of returning a cancelled order to us. You will need to write to us via email at orders@ethnic-warehouse.com or include a letter with your items stating you wish to cancel your contract and include your full name, address and order number.
Please note we will be complying with English law on data protection, privacy and marketing which may differ from the law in the jurisdiction of receipt. We will store and process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Site License
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Site or its content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Site or its content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any access for or use of web scraping, data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This Site or any portion of this Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of www.ethnic-warehouse.com without express written consent. You may not use any Meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing our name or trademarks without the express written consent of East End. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission and license we have granted. You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of www.ethnic-warehouse.com so long as the link does not portray East End, or its products in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any East End logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. Free Delivery and other offer order codes remain the property of East End, are non-transferable and may not be reproduced in any form or used in conjunction with any other offer.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorised to access; or (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; or (c) accessing or using the Site or any portion thereof without authorisation, in violation of these Terms of Use or in violation of applicable law.
You may not use any scraper, crawler, spider, robot or other automated means of any kind to access or copy data on the Site, deep-link to any feature or content on the Site, bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. East End will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site.
Testimonials
Simply great!
Anthony Moore
Have only ever bought on line and have never been disappointed. My kaftans have been admired all over the world. Thank you East End.
Christine F.
Always something different.  Highly recommend.
A. Earp
See More Customer Comments
Company Info
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Customer Info
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Newsletter
Social
Newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter, where you can receive the latest news and special offers directly to your inbox.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Boho Boutique
£10 Kaftans
Plain Kaftans
Patterned Kaftans
Floral Kaftans
Tie Dye Kaftans
Animal Print Kaftans
Short Kaftans
Summer Kaftans
Embroidered
Tops
Kurtas
Dresses
Chiffon Tops
Linen
Jackets & Coats
Ponchos
Pants
Scarfs
Summer
Grandad Shirts
Sale
Everything £5
Adini Clearance
Her Free Spirit
Eastend Shop
Ethnic Warehouse, 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire, BD23 1JF
01756 229 552 • 07736 298056 • orders@ethnic-warehouse.com
Join Waitlist
We will inform you when the product arrives in stock. Please leave your valid email address below.
Email me when available