http://www.cookshack.com/pages/privacy-policy-and-terms
Privacy Policy and Terms
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. Cookshack, Inc. uses your information to provide requested products and services and to support core business functions. These include fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication and fraud prevention, and public safety and legal functions. Some examples include:
To fulfill your requests for products and services and to communicate with you about those requests
To register and service your account
To administer surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions
To provide customer service and alert you to product information
To help us improve and customize our service offerings, websites, and advertising
To send you information about our products, services, and promotions
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business
SECURITY POLICY
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software avaiable today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
GENERAL TERMS OF SALE
Prices are in U.S. dollars and are subject to change without notice. We accept payment by bank wire, credit card, cashier's check, PayPal, check by phone and business or personal check.
CREDIT: Satisfactory credit information must be furnished before we can make shipments on on an open account. Where no credit information is received with an intial order, shipment will be made check by phone, prepayment, or credit card charge.
NEW ACCOUNTS: Please furnish us a completed Cookshack Credit Application. If your company has a standard credit application, it should contain the name and address of your bank and the name, address, phone number, and account number of four (4) trade references (suppliers) with whom you have established credit. Allow us ten (10) business days to review your credit application. Check by phone, prepayment, PayPal or credit card charges are in effect until the credit application is approved. Cookshack, Inc. reserves the right to refuse credit privileges at its sole discretion. Credit privileges, if granted, may be withdrawn at any time.
TERMS: Payment is due upon receipt of invoice. All invoices will be mailed separately to the billing address unless requested otherwise.
FREIGHT: All shipments are FOB factory. The buyer will pay all freight charges (including return freight.) Responsibility for filing damage claims rests with the consignee.
IMPORTANT: Refuse to accept damaged goods, or have a full description of damage written on the freight bill of lading and endorsed by the driver. When you receive your shipment, uncrate it and carefully inspect it before you sign the bill of lading. If you do not note damaged goods on the bill of lading, you forfeit your chances of collecting a claim.