http://www.amosadvantage.com/terms-of-use
STAMP SUPPLIES
Scott Catalogs
Albums & Supplements
New Supplements
Scott Supplements
Minkus Supplements
Schaubek Supplements
HE Harris Supplements
Album Sets
Stamp Album Supplement Finder
> SHOP ALL ALBUMS & SUPPLEMENTS
Binders & Pages
Binders & Slipcases
Blank Pages
Cover Pages
Mint Sheet Pages
Page Protectors
Stock Sheets
Binder Labels
> SHOP ALL BINDERS & PAGES
Stamp Mounts & Hinges
ScottMount Stamp Mounts
Showgard Stamp Mounts
Mount Cutters
ScottMount Size Guide
> SHOP ALL STAMP MOUNTS & HINGES
Stamp Storage
Stock Books
Sleeves
Glassine Envelopes
Approval / Dealer Cards
> SHOP ALL STAMP STORAGE SUPPLIES
Stamp Tools
Magnifiers
Lights & Lamps
Perforation Gauges
Tongs
Anti-Corrosion
Watermark Fluid
Drying Supplies
> SHOP ALL STAMP TOOLS
Books & Literature
Stamp Reference Guides
> SHOP ALL STAMP SUPPLIES
COIN SUPPLIES
Coin Holders
2x2 Flips
2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum 2x2
Quadrum Intercept 2x2
Snap-Tite 2x2
Certified Style Slabs
Coin World Premiere Coin Slabs
Lighthouse Everslab
SHOP ALL CERTIFIED STYLE SLABS
Coin Tubes
Round Coin Tubes
Square Coin Tubes
Coin Tube Storage Sets
SHOP ALL COIN TUBES
Coin Capsules
Guardhouse Coin Capsules
Lighthouse Coin Capsules
SHOP ALL COIN CAPSULES
Coin Set Holders
> SHOP ALL COIN HOLDERS
Coin Albums
Dansco Coin Albums
Lighthouse Coin Albums
Whitman Coin Albums
Certified Style Coin Albums
> SHOP ALL COIN ALBUMS
Coin Folders
Storage & Display
Display Boxes & Frames
Storage Boxes
Poly Bags
Trays, Boxes & Cases
> SHOP ALL COIN STORAGE & DISPLAY
Tools & Accessories
Coin Tongs
Lights & Lamps
Magnifiers
Scales
Gloves & Mats
> SHOP ALL COIN TOOLS & ACCESSORIES
Binders & Pages
SHOP ALL COIN SUPPLIES
HOBBY GUIDES
Stamp Guides
Coin Guides
Stamp Supplies
Scott Catalogues
Albums & Supplements
Stamp Album Sets
Scott Albums & Supplements
Schaubek Albums & Supplements
HE Harris Albums & Supplements
Minkus Albums & Supplements
New Supplement Releases
2018 Minkus Supplements
2018 Scott Supplements
2019 Minkus Supplements
2019 Scott Supplements
Stanley Gibbons Classic Albums
Binders & Pages
Stamp Binders
2-Post Binders & Slipcases
3-Ring Binders & Slipcases
6-Ring Binders & Slipcases
HE Harris Binders
Lighthouse Binders & Slipcases
Minkus Binders & Slipcases
Mint Sheet Binders
Schaubek Binders & Slipcases
Scott Binders & Slipcases
Stamp Cover Binders
Stamp Binder Labels
Blank
Eastern Europe
International
North America
Topical
United Nations
Pages
Blank Pages
Schaubek Blank Pages
Scott Blank Pages
Cover Pages
Mint Sheet Pages
Page Protectors
Stock Sheets
Stamp Mounts & Hinges
Scott Stamp Mounts
215mm Strips
240mm Strips
265mm Strips
Modern Panes
Pre-Cut Mounts
Prinz Stamp Mounts
Stamp Mount Cutters
Showgard Stamp Mounts
215mm Strips
240mm Strips
264mm Strips
Modern Panes
Pre-Cut Mounts
Stamp Storage
Sleeves
Glassine Envelopes
Stamp Stockbooks
Stamp Approval / Dealer Cards
Black Cards
White Cards
Storage Box
Stamp Stock Albums
Stamp Tools
Anti-Corrosion Stamp Supplies
Stamp Lights & Lamps
Stamp Magnifiers
Stamp Perforation Gauges
Stamp Tongs
Drying Supplies
Stamp Drying Books
Watermark Supplies
Misc. Tools
Stamp Literature
Clearance
Coin Supplies
Coin Albums
Dansco Coin Albums
Blank Albums & Slipcases
Blank Pages
Complete Albums
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
ASE
Misc. Coins
Certified Coin Albums
Lighthouse Coin Albums
Whitman Coin Albums
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
Misc. Coins
Coin Folders
Whitman Coin Folders
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
Misc. Coins
Coin Holders
2x2 Coin Flips
Self-Adhesive 2x2 Coin Flips
Staple-Type 2x2 Coin Flips
2x2 Storage Sets
Clear 2x2 Coin Flips
2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum 2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum Intercept 2x2 Snaplocks
Snap-Tight 2x2 Snaplocks
Certified Coin Slabs
Coin World Premier Coin Slabs
Lighthouse Quickslab Coin Slabs
Coin World Premier Holder Sets
Coin Capsules
Guardhouse Coin Capsules
Lighthouse Coin Capsules
Coin Set Holders
Coin Tubes
Round Coin Tubes
Square Coin Tubes
CoinSafe Square Coin Tubes
Guardhouse Square Coin Tubes
Coin Tube Storage Sets
Storage & Display
Displays & Frames
2x2 Display
Capsule Display
Certified Coin Displays
Wood Coin Displays
Display Frames
Magic Frames
Coin Storage Boxes
2x2 Storage Boxes
Coin Capsule Storage Boxes
Certified Coin Storage Boxes
Coin Tube Storage Boxes
Coin Set Storage Boxes
Poly Bags
Trays, Boxes & Cases
Boxes
Cases
Trays
Coin Tools & Accessories
Coin Tongs
Coin Lights & Lamps
Coin Magnifiers
Coin Scales & Calipers
Coin Gloves & Mats
Coin Cleaning & Maintenance
Anti-Corrosion Supplies
Coin Cleaners
Binders & Pages
Binders
Pages
Books & Software
Coin & Currency Software
Coin Collecting & Reference Books
Coin Grading & Pricing Books
Currency
Currency Supplies
Binders & Pages
Currency Albums
Currency Binders
Currency Pages
Currency Books
Currency Sleeves
Clearance
Hobby Guides
Stamp Guides
Coin Guides
Your cart is empty
View Your Cart
Checkout
Sign Up for Weekly Deals
Give Us A Call & Order by Phone    (800) 572-6885    Mon-Thurs 9AM-5PM & Friday 9AM-3PM EST
AmosAdvantage.com Give Us A Call & Order by PhoneMon-Thurs 9AM-5PM & Friday 9AM-3PM EST (800) 572-6885
COVID-19 and How It Affects You
What is the Amos Advantage?
How to Shop
Manage Account
Login / Register for AA
Track Orders
About Us
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
About My Amos Media Account
Payment & Taxes
Shipping
Returns
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscriptions
Newsletter Signup
COVID-19
These Terms of Use describe the terms and conditions under which you, the user, are granted the right to use Web sites operated by Amos Press, Inc. ("API") and on behalf of its various publication and other registered trade names (Hereinafter “Web site” if singular, or, "Web sites" if the use of more than one site is referred to).
USER AGREEMENT
BY USING THIS WEB SITE YOU REPRESENT YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, AND ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS, AND ALL OTHER POLICIES POSTED ON THE WEB SITES. Your use of this Web site is contingent on the foregoing agreement, and if you do not agree, you must cease using the Web site. Your electronic acceptance of these Terms of Use and other posted policies through your use of this Web site shall have the same force and effect as if you had actually signed an agreement embodying these terms. API may change these Terms of Use at any time by posting changes on this page of the Web site. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use prior to each use of the Web site. By continuing to use the Web site, you agree to any such changes
WEBSITE AND CONTENT
WEBSITE AVAILABILITY
API may change, suspend or discontinue availability of any aspect of the Web site at any time. We may also impose limits, registration requirements or fees on certain features or services or restrict your access to parts or the entire Web site or may delete or suspend any or all of your user created content without notice or liability.
In addition, the Web site may contain links to other Internet sites, resources, and sponsors or advertisers on the Web site. We are not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, and accordingly, you should direct any concerns regarding any link or other Web site to the site administrator or webmaster of such site.
COPYRIGHT
All content on the Web site is protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by API, or the party accredited as the owner or provider of the content. You must abide by all copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Web site.
PERSONAL NON-COMMERCIAL USE
This Web site is for your personal and noncommercial use only. You may download or copy the content on this Web site for personal use, but only if you preserve and display all copyright and other notices relating to that content. Any other use of the content is prohibited without prior written permission from API (see Contact Us at the end of these Terms of Use), or the copyright owner identified in the copyright notice in the content. Any commercial spam intended to drive traffic or otherwise promote your web site(s), goods or services using the Web Site or its blog or any other user created content feature of the Web site is strictly prohibited.
LINKS / ADVERTISEMENTS / SEARCH ENGINES
The Web site may link to other sites operated by third parties. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement or recommendation by the Web site, or by API of these sites, but is for your reference and convenience only. We are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third-party or off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Web site. Linking to any other third party or off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use of those sites.
The Web site also contains advertisements by third parties. Unless otherwise specifically stated on the Web site, we do not endorse or make any representation or recommendation regarding the quality, or accuracy of any products or services featured in, or linked to any advertisement that appears on the Web site.
Unless otherwise prohibited under these Terms of Use, you are permitted to create hyperlinks to the content on the Web site (including "deep linking" to articles or pages within site), provided that (1) the hyperlink text accurately describes the content as it appears on the Web site, (2) no "scraping" of the content by any means (i.e., extracting content from the Web site and reformatting it, aggregating it with other content or redistributing it other than in its complete originally displayed format), (3) under no circumstances may you "frame" the Web site or any of its content or copy portions of the Web site to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider's incidental caching of pages and (4) each page within the Web site must be displayed in full (including all trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials), unaltered without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising or promotional materials not originally displayed on the page within the Web site. We reserve the right at any time in our sole discretion to revoke this permission generally, or your right to use specific links. If you have any questions regarding these linking policies you may contact us, or if you wish to link in a manner not authorized in these Terms of Use, you must get our prior written permission (see Contact Information below).
Search engines and indexing agents are required to obey the restrictions of any Robots.txt files located on API Web sites.
ONLINE MARKETPLACE
Certain areas of the Web site are online marketplaces where registered users ("Buyers") may shop for goods listed and offered for sale ("Items") by authorized dealer/advertisers ("Sellers") who are commercial customers of API and who are not affiliated with, or related in any way to, API. API intends to create a superior shopping experience, anchored by start-of-the-art technology and strong relationships with reputable Sellers. However, in our Online Marketplace(s), the Seller owns and manages the sales of Items on our Website. As such, ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO BY A BUYER WITH A SELLER ON THE WEB SITE IS SOLELY BETWEEN THE BUYER AND THE SELLER and API has no liability for the Item, its advertised description, pricing, fulfillment timing, packaging, shipping method, payment or any other characteristic or requirement of the transaction. While certain system-based features of the Web site support the processing and communications of these transactions, API makes no representations or warranties regarding Marketplace transactions other than those described in the Legal Terms section below.
CERTAIN COMMERCIAL TRANSACTIONS
ZillionsOfStamps.com and the CoinWorld.com Marketplace may act as a venue to allow registered users to offer, sell, and buy items from one other. However, the Web site is not a store or "e-commerce" provider, and it is the SOLE RESPONSIBILITY of users to complete transactions. The Web site has no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the posts, the ability of sellers to sell items or the ability of buyers to pay for items. We cannot ensure that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction, and we do not transfer legal ownership of items.
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
API and its owned online operations make no representations or warranties as to the validity, truthfulness, accuracy or legality of any content on the Web site, including without limitation any content submitted by any user (see "Legal Terms" below).
USER CREATED CONTENT
SUBMISSIONS
You must be at least 18 years old to contribute content to this Web site.
By submitting any material (text, photos, videos or other content) to API either through the Web site or physical delivery, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to review and understand these terms at the time of your submission. By your submission you retain copyright ownership, but agree to the free and non-commercial redistribution and use of your content by other users, and agree to and grant the license to API as described next.
LICENSE: Through your submission of any materials of any kind (whether text, photos, video or other content), you grant to API the irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, transferable and sub-licensable right and license to host, index, cache, tag, encode, use, copy, modify, adapt, transmit, excerpt, remove, publish, distribute, publicly display and perform, and create derivative works of, in each case in any media now or hereafter known and in any manner for any non-commercial or commercial purpose (collectively "Use") the content submitted by you with no monetary compensation at any time. By making any submission, you thereby waive your rights and allow the materials to be edited or otherwise changed in any manner not agreeable to you. API has no obligation to provide attribution for any content you post. If you do not agree to these terms, do not submit any content. Nothing in these Terms of Use prohibits you from redistributing or selling your original content to other parties.
You are solely responsible for all content that you post, e-mail or otherwise make available through the Web site. For all content provided by you, you agree to indemnify API as provided in Legal Terms below.
CONTENT SUBISSION RULES AND RESTRICTIONS
By submitting any content, you represent and warrant that: (1) you either own the content or have all necessary rights to use and submit it; (2) all information you provide is true, accurate and complete, and does not violate these Terms of Use or the terms of any third party license; and, (3) the content will not cause injury, embarrassment or harm to any person or entity.
You agree not to submit any content in any forums, chats, e-mails or otherwise that:
is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or otherwise illegal;
is threatening, abusive or disruptive to other users (including without limitation repetitive, meaningless messages, personal attacks, content constituting spam, etc.)
abuses or discriminates on the basis of race, religion, nationality, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, or other legally protected class;
infringes any party's intellectual property rights, including without limitation copyrights and trademarks
impersonates another person, organization or misquotes another person
violates any applicable law, or violates any party's rights
offers, advertises or promotes any goods, services or web sites; or solicits any funds or consideration.
contains malware or other virus insertions that may pop-up, install, attack or otherwise impact anyone using the Web site or any of its features.
In addition, you agree not to contact any users of the Web site (including through off-line communication) for the purpose of threatening, harassing or abusing them due to their content submissions on the Web site.
You agree that API has no responsibility to store or provide use of your user created content. As such, API disclaims liability for the, deletion of, failure to store, failure to provide access to, or failure to transmit any user created content placed on the Web site. API retains the right to create limits on use and storage of user created content at its sole discretion and apply those limits at any time with or without notice.
You are solely responsible for the content you submit. API does not and cannot review every submission made and is not responsible for the content of any submissions. However, content that is deemed inappropriate or in violation of these Terms of Use, in API's sole discretion, will be removed from public view and/or deleted in whole or in part. You may contact us if you disagree with any removal (see Contact Us below); however, all decisions regarding content and compliance with these Terms of Use will be determined by API in its sole discretion. If you disagree with these conditions, do not submit any content.
IDENTITY AND PRIVACY
You must use a consistent handle or account name for any submissions you make, and you may not submit content under another person's name. If you are an elected official, you must submit content identifying yourself as such when posting about a political issue. "Sock puppets" are not permitted (i.e., using a fake or alternate identity to post content for a deceptive purpose, such as without limitation, praising a person or company without disclosing an underlying affiliation with that person or company).
We reserve the right to include your real name on your internet postings if required through registration or otherwise provided to us, or when republishing your material in a printed edition of one of our publications.
API does not warrant or claim to have verified the identity of any user. There may be users who participate under a false identity.
For information on our privacy policies regarding personal information gathered on the Web site, please see our Privacy Policy also located at the bottom of our Web pages, which policy is incorporated herein by reference.
OFFLINE MEETINGS
API Web sites may offer the ability for users to create personal profiles and otherwise offer blogs, message boards, or other similar forums that are designed to allow individuals to exchange information and ideas related to hobbies, collectibles and other special interest or enthusiast subject matters about which we choose to publish or otherwise develop electronic media. Such information exchanges enable individuals to meet each other for any purpose. In addition, any posting to the Web site will be publicly viewable, and your identity may be discovered by other users. We cannot vouch for the safety of offline meetings of individuals you meet through the Web site, and such meetings are held at your sole risk and liability. Furthermore, you are advised to be careful not to divulge personally identifying information about yourself, including but not limited to your telephone number(s), street addresses, URLs or e-mail addresses publicly on the Web site. If you do provide this information on the Web site or to a third party who you met through the Web site, it is at your sole risk. In addition, if you choose to submit content to the Web site in an area that requires that your real identity be disclosed, you do so at your sole risk and liability.
WEBSITE REGISTRATION
REGISTRATIONS
Some areas of the Web site may require registration in order to gain access or submit content. You may not create more than one account unless expressly permitted in the registration rules. If you create multiple accounts, you are prohibited from creating the appearance that multiple accounts controlled by you are in fact all different individuals.
TERMINATION
You agree that at our sole discretion, and in our sole judgment, we may terminate your account at any time with or without cause.
Termination for cause may include, but is not limited to:
Violations of these Terms of Use;
Violations of other posted rules of conduct
Violations of law or intellectual property rights
Harassment or belittling conduct toward individuals, companies or other third parties
An expression of your unwillingness to abide by these terms and conditions or other clearly posted site rules
Failure to abide by the instructions for guidelines of forum moderators, editors or other authorized members of the community to provide such moderation
Failure to provide real, verifiable information about your true identity where requested or instructed
Termination of a user's account may include any of the following actions:
A complete deletion (non-recoverable) from all files, databases and any and all storage mechanism of the user's files, uploads, content, and personally identifiable information. In such a case, neither API nor its third party service providers have any obligation to retrieve or restore deleted data, or otherwise make good in any fashion the loss of such data.
User data, including without limitation submitted content, errant code or personal information, may also be hidden from public view, but not destroyed. In such a case, neither API nor any third party service providers are under any obligation to retrieve or restore such data.
Users who are terminated are prohibited from creating new accounts without prior written consent of API. API will determine in its sole discretion whether to reinstate a given User. Users may also appeal account termination by writing to:
Webmaster
Amos Press, Inc. 1660 Campbell Rd, Suite A Sidney, OH 45365-4129 When applying for a new account, or appealing a termination decision, please include printouts of all relevant data, e-mails, postings, including the domain name where the primary account was held and the date the account was terminated. Once your termination is under review, all subsequent communication will be through e-mail, so please be sure to include a current and working e-mail address with your letter. You acknowledge and agree that API will make the final determination in its sole discretion as to any terminated account, or re-application for a new account after termination and that this represents your sole and exclusive remedy for any terminated account.
LEGAL TERMS
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WEBSITE
The web site and all content provided by API or its third party service providers is distributed and accessible on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis. API and its third party service providers make no representations or warranties that operation of the web site (or services obtained through the web site) will be uninterrupted or error free and do not provide any warranty as to the use, sufficiency or accuracy of any content. All warranties, conditions, representations, indemnities and guarantees as to products and services provided by API, whether express or implied, arising by law, custom, prior oral or written statements by API, its third party service providers or otherwise (including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for particular purpose, satisfactory quality, title or non-infringement) are hereby overridden, excluded and disclaimed.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances will API (or its directors, employees or agents) be liable to you or any third person for any for any consequential, indirect, special, punitive or incidental damages, or lost profits or lost data, whether foreseeable or unforeseeable, arising from your use of its Web sites, any applications available through its Web sites, or any Web site content or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from its Web sites. In addition, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the API liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you for Web site products or services accessed by you, but in no case will such liability to you exceed $100. You acknowledge that if no fees are paid by you for the Web sites, you shall be limited to injunctive relief only, unless otherwise permitted by law, and shall not be entitled to damages of any kind from API, regardless of the cause of action. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have additional rights.
INDEMNITY
You agree at your expense to indemnify and hold harmless, API and each of their respective partners, suppliers, licensors, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, representatives, contractors and agents, from any and all claims, suits, actions and investigations, and any costs, expenses, liabilities or damages therefrom (including attorneys' fees and court costs) arising from or relating to any allegation regarding: (a) your use of the Web site; (b) the Web site's or API's use of any content or information you provide, as long as our use is not inconsistent with these Terms of Use; (c) information or material posted or transmitted through your registration account or user ID, even if not posted by you; and, (d) any violation of these Terms of Use by you (collectively "Claims").
API reserves the right to select counsel and conduct the defense or settlement of any such Claim, which shall not relieve you of your obligation to indemnify as provided above.
GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
The agreement regarding these Terms of Use has been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with Ohio law, without regard to its principles of the conflicts of law. Any action to enforce this agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located or having jurisdiction in west-central Ohio, and you hereby waive any objections to such action. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Web site or these Terms of Use must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred.
SEVERABILITY WAIVER
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of these Terms of Use shall be effective unless the waiver is in a writing signed by an authorized representative of API. No waiver shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition.
COPYRIGHT VIOLATIONS
Users are prohibited from uploading, posting or otherwise transmitting on the Web site any materials that violate another party's intellectual property rights. When we receive proper notification of alleged copyright infringement, we promptly remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material and terminate the accounts of repeat infringers in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. If you believe that any material on the Web site infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, please notify us at webmaster@amospress.com. (Please direct all general questions to webmaster@amospress.com)
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping
Returns
Payment & Taxes
My Account
Login / Register
Manage Account
Your Orders
Logout of Account
Current Offers
Current Promotions
Newsletter Sign-Up
Magazine Subscriptions
Product Guides
Company Information
About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Our Publications
Copyright ©2020 Amos Media Company