http://www.geolsoc.org.uk/terms
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience.  You have disabled cookies which will render many features of the GSL website unusable. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience. If you continue without changing your settings we'll assume you are happy to receive all GSL cookies. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
Find out more
Product has been added to the basket
MyGSL help
Support us
The Geological Society
LOGIN
Basket: No items. Total £ 0.00  View
Membership &Chartership
Publications
Library & InformationServices
Events
Education &Careers
Outreach &Policy
GeoscientistOnline
Groups &Networks
About us
MEMBERSHIP & CHARTERSHIP
The Geological Society offers grades of membership for every stage of your career, from student to retirement. Find out about the benefits of membership, and how we can help you achieve and maintain Chartered status.
Join the Society
Fees
Already a Member?
Benefits
Renew your Fellowship
Renewal FAQs
Get involved
Update your details
Fellowship Code of Conduct
Fellowship Directory
Chartership and professional
Information for Applicants
Information for Scrutineers
Information for Sponsors
Mentoring
Post-Chartership qualifications
Chartership FAQs
CPD scheme
Accredited CPD and training course listings
CPD help and guidance
Fellowship Strategy
Partner with us
Corporate Patrons
Associated Societies
Accreditation of Company Training Schemes
Professional Registers
PUBLICATIONS
Information about the Geological Society’s internationally acclaimed books and journals for authors, editors, librarians and readers. Order publications, find out about the Lyell Collection and read guidelines for preparing a paper or submitting a book proposal.
Bookshop
New publications
Sale and special offers
Titles coming soon
Geo gifts
Bookshop help
Lyell Collection
What does it include?
Using the Lyell Collection
Access and subscription prices
Access for Fellows
Geofacets
Online First
Online journal alerts
Sponsors
Lyell Collection FAQs
Contact us
Testimonials
Online Archives
Information for libraries
Catalogues
Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition
Journals
Online journal access
Journal of the Geological Society
Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology and Hydrogeology
Petroleum Geoscience
Geochemistry Exploration Environment Analysis
Scottish Journal of Geology
Proceedings of the Yorkshire Geological Society
Earth Science, Systems and Society
Journal of Micropalaeontology
Geology Today
Transactions of the Geological Society
Transactions of the Edinburgh Geological Society
Transactions of the Geological Society of Glasgow
Publication metrics
Contact us
Books
How to propose a volume
Special Publications
Engineering Geology Special Publications
Memoirs
'Geology Of...' Series
Petroleum Geology Conference Proceedings
Other books
IAVCEI Special Publications
TMS Special Publications
International agents and distributors
Review copies
Contact us
Permissions
Open Access Publishing
Instructions for authors
Top tips
Guidelines for reviewers
Supplementary Publications
Publishing policies
LIBRARY
Discover and access geoscience information resources via one of the world’s premier Earth science libraries. Search our collection of printed books, maps and journals, e-resources, bibliographic databases and archives.
Library Catalogue
Virtual Library
E-journals
E-books
E-maps
Visiting the Library
Library services
Loans
Document delivery
Literature searches
Inter-library loans
The Map Room
Archives & Special Collections
Support our collections
Picture Library
Online exhibitions
Library Events
Burlington House Bookshop
Library Strategy 2017 - 2026
2020 Library review
Library FAQs
EVENTS
Search the events calendar for forthcoming conferences and events, and view past meeting resources. Enquire about room hire and conference facilities at Burlington House.
Virtual events
Events calendar
Society events
CPD events
Public Lectures 2021
2020 Year of Life
Past meeting resources
Venue hire
Virtual tour
Enquiry form
Meeting proposals
Meeting categories
Meeting publications
Timing a proposal
Submitting a proposal
EDUCATION & CAREERS
Information and resources for teachers and students from
primary education onwards; for those making careers choices
after A-levels including undergraduate and further degrees
at university; and for those seeking professional
geosciences training or exploring lifelong learning
opportunities.
Schools
Geology at school
Primary Science: Terrific Scientific
Geoscience Education Academy
Schools Affiliate Scheme
Junior memberships
Geology STEM Ambassadors: school visits
Schools Geology Challenge
Teaching resources
Factsheets
Activities and presentations
Posters
Rock sets
Lesson plans
Field work resources
Fun Kids radio programmes
Microsite: The Rock Cycle
Microsite: Plate Tectonics
Universities
Geology at university
Accredited degrees and university departments
Teaching resources and organisations
University Geoscience UK
Education & Outreach Network
Grants and awards
GSL-ZEISS Scholarship
Early Career Geologist award
Careers information
Careers leaflets
Careers days
Microsite: Geology Career Pathways
Jobs
I'm an Earth Scientist
Lifelong learning
Endorsed training courses
OUTREACH & POLICY
Updates on outreach activities, information about how the geosciences interact with society, details of policy related meetings, consultation responses, and policy briefing notes.
Outreach
100 Great Geosites
Plate Tectonic Stories
100 Years of Female Fellows
Earth Science Week 2020
Policy
Expertise database
Geoscience and the EU Referendum
Geology for Society
Consultations
Policy briefing notes and statements
Critical issues in geology
GEOSCIENTIST
Geoscientist is the Fellowship magazine of the Geological Society: with news about science, people, the Society, features, reviews, opinion, letters and forthcoming events.  All this, and more, can be found sooner here, in our online version.
December 2020
About Geoscientist
Advertisement and subscription rates
Information for authors
Previous issues
Search articles
Letters
Books and arts
2020 book reviews
Books available for review
Instructions for reviewers and publishers
GROUPS & NETWORKS
Information on our Specialist and Regional groups, Joint Associations and Networks. Keep up to date with activities, news and events and find out how Fellows can get involved.
Commissions
Joint Committee for Palaeontology
Stratigraphy Commission
Higher Education Network
Environment Network
Early Career Network
International Groups
Specialist Groups
British Geophysical Association
British Sedimentological Research Group
British Society for Geomorphology
Contaminated Land Group
Earth System Science Group
Energy Group
Engineering Group
Forensic Geoscience Group
Geochemistry Group
Geological Curators' Group
Geological Society Discussion Group
Specialist Groups Cont.
Geological Remote Sensing Group
Geoscience Information Group
History of Geology Group
Hydrogeological Group
Marine Studies Group
Metamorphic Studies Group
Mineral Deposits Studies Group
Near Surface Geophysics Group
Quaternary Research Association
Tectonic Studies Group
Volcanic and Magmatic Studies Group
Regional Groups
Central Scotland
East Anglian
East Midlands
Home Counties North
Hong Kong
North West
Northern
Northern Ireland
Solent
South East
South West
Southern Wales
Thames Valley
West Midlands
Western
Yorkshire
Save
ABOUT US
The Geological Society of London is the UK's national society for geoscience, providing support to over 12,000 members in the UK and overseas. Founded in 1807, we are the oldest geological society in the world.
Contact us
History
Index of obituaries, 1828 to date
Obituaries 2001 onwards
Visiting the William Smith Map
Awards, grants and bursaries
Society awards
Research grants
Bursaries
Honorary Fellows
Governance
Council
Council elections 2021
Reporting committees
AGMs and OGMs
Annual summaries
Diversity in the geosciences
Themed years
Support us
Working for the Society
Burlington House jobs
Publishing House jobs
Staff
Equal Opportunities Statement
Policies
Use of logos and images
Email newsletters
Press Office
FAQs
Accessibility
Professional standards
Partner with us
Privacy notice
Home > General information > Terms & Conditions
General information
Contact us
Accessibility at the Geological Society
FAQs
Website Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
Terms and ConditionsPlease read these terms and conditions carefully. By accessing this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. These terms and conditions are subject to change without notice, from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you of amendments to these terms and conditions by posting them to the website. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions, please do not access this website.
Every effort has been made to trace copyright holders of material used on this website and linked social media accounts and to comply with stated terms of reuse. If any rights have been omitted or unintentionally infringed, the Society offers its apologies. Please contact web.team@geolsoc.org.uk in this case and we will be happy to add credits or remove the material in question.
Copyright and permissions
Website terms of use
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of electronic services
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of the Lyell Collection
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition
Copyrights and permissions
The Geological Society of London has a liberal view on the reuse of its published content for legitimate research, study, teaching and communication, provided its legitimate interests are not damaged in so doing. It is essential, however, that any party seeking permission to reuse content from the website makes a formal request to the Geological Society, and that the source of material is fully acknowledged.
Every effort has been made to trace copyright holders of material on this website. If any rights have been omitted, the publishers offer their apologies.
Please visit our permissions page or email the web team via web.team@geolsoc.org.uk for more information about applying for permission.
Website terms of use
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Links to and from the Geological Society's website do not mean that that we endorse or approve those websites or the accuracy and reliability of their content. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
Use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
You may use the Geological Society’s RSS feed on your website, blog or other product or service, as long as the Geological Society’s feeds that you subscribed to are displayed in full and accurately.
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of electronic services
Fellows are provided with login details (username and password) with which they may access restricted sections of the Society’s website, as well as selected electronic content hosted on the Lyell Collection and in Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition.
Login details are provided solely for the personal use of Fellows (i.e. to assist in their own learning, research or work). Login details may not be shared with, or provided to, any other person for any purpose, nor may material accessed or downloaded by any Fellow be shared with, or provided to, any other person.
Fellows are permitted to make reasonable use of electronic content hosted on the Lyell Collection. “Reasonable use” is considered to be up to 75 article downloads per month, but should in no case exceed 100 article downloads per month.
The Society actively monitors usage and will contact Fellows whose download rates appear excessive. If excessive downloads continue the Society reserves the right to re-set Fellows’ login details or, in extreme cases, bar access to electronic services altogether.
From 2010 all Fellows’ journal subscriptions derived as a benefit of Society membership are online-only. Additional print copies may be available on payment of a surcharge provided membership registration or renewal is complete by 1st January of the relevant journal subscription year. There is no guarantee that late requests for print subscriptions (ie those received after 1st January) can be honoured.
Fellows who wish to retain a copy of record of their journal(s) of choice should download and save PDFs of relevant journal articles for safe keeping, or secure print copies as described in 5, above.
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of the Lyell Collection
It is the Geological Society’s intention that users have access to the widest possible range of content and that this content can be shared to enable the most effective research, study, teaching and practice of the Earth sciences. However, it is important that users recognise the substantial investment made by the Geological Society in protecting and enhancing the quality of the content it publishes. It is necessary, therefore, to impose conditions on the use of material available within the Lyell Collection.
Please follow the links below to find out more about the terms of use of Lyell Collection content, and read the disclaimer below.
Copyright policy and terms of use for authors
Terms of use for individuals
Terms of use for libraries and institutions
Terms of use for pay-per-view users
Permissions requests and policy
Disclaimer
In no event shall the Geological Society of London nor its host, HighWire Press, be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damage (including, but not limited to, loss of data, business disruption or loss of profits) arising out of the use of, or the inability to use, Lyell Collection content.
The content of the Lyell Collection is provided “as is”, and neither the Geological Society of London nor its host, HighWire Press, warrant or guarantee its accuracy, completeness, fitness for particular purpose or non-infringement.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or services, or inclusion of any advertisement, neither constitutes nor implies guarantee, endorsement, support or approval of that product, publication or service.
There is no guarantee that the information contained online in the Lyell Collection is identical to that contained in any print version.
Fellows terms and conditions for the access and use of Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition
By accessing or using the Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition via this site Fellows (Members) agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use:
Access to the Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition is not granted until full payment of membership fees to GSL has been made;
Registered Fellows may extract individual maps from the Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition and upload them on and integrate them into a personal secure geological software analysis system for internal and personal use only;
Registered Fellows acknowledge that Elsevier is the owner of the Geofacets products and shall have the right to enforce any non-compliance with the mentioned terms and conditions of use; and
Access to the Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition is conditional upon an active membership of GSL. Your access rights shall automatically expire upon termination or expiration of your membership with GSL.
In addition, Fellows agree to and shall comply with the online Terms and Conditions of Geofacets.com. These Terms and Conditions expressly incorporate by reference and include the Site’s privacy policy and any guidelines, rules or disclaimers that may be posted and updated on specific webpages or on notices that are sent to you. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this site.
Quick LinksJoin the SocietyAlready a Member?BookshopLyell CollectionEventsLibrary CatalogueThe GSL Fellowship DirectoryPodcastsGeoscientist OnlineCPD ReportingVenue hire: The Geological Society of London, Burlington HouseContact usFAQsWebsite AccessibilityTerms and ConditionsPrivacy and cookiesSite map© 2012 The Geological Society of London, registered charity, number: 210161