http://www.decoratorsbest.com/pages/terms-conditions
xyFabricHomeShop Your Style
Close search
Search
10% OFF THE WINTER SALE! CODE: WIN20 FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $100*
Fabric
Wallpaper
Furniture
Decor
Trim
Collections
Brands
Private Label
Inspiration
Sale
Home
USD
INR
GBP
CAD
USD
AUD
EUR
JPY
+440 0(111) 044 833
Login
Wishlist
HomeTerms & ConditionsTerms & ConditionsDecoratorsbest Terms of UseThanks
for visiting the website of All Decor DBA DecoratorsBest. The
following terms and conditions (these "Terms of Use") govern
your access to, and use of, www.decoratorsbest.com,
including any services, content, and functionality offered on or through www.decoratorsbest.com (the "Website").
Please read the following Terms of Use carefully
before using the Website.Your Acceptance
You understand that by using the Website, you are accepting and agreeing
to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy,
which is also available on the Website and which is incorporated herein
by reference.
Please do not use the Website if you do not agree with
these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge and agree that we will not be
liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable
at any time or for any period.
We reserve the right to change these
Terms of Use at any time in our sole discretion and without notice.
All
changes are effective immediately when we post them. Your continued use
of the Website after we have posted changes to these Terms of Use means
that you agree to be bound and abide by the changes, so please check
the Terms of Use regularly for any changes.Your Use of the Website
You are strictly prohibited from using the Website for any unlawful
purpose, or for any other purpose that is not expressly allowed by these
Terms of Use.
Also, you may not interfere or attempt to interfere with
the proper operation of our site, including through the use of any
device, software or routine, or access or attempt to gain access to any
data, files or passwords related to our site through hacking,
circumvention, or any other means.
We reserve the right, in our sole
discretion, to deny you access to our site, or any portion of our site,
without notice.Your Information
Please refer to our Privacy Policy, which addresses the information that
we may collect from you when you use the Website. By using the Website,
you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information
in compliance with the Privacy Policy.Linking and Framing
You may link to the Website's homepage, provided you do so in a way that
is fair, in compliance with all applicable laws, and does not damage
our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a
link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, endorsement,
our approval on our part without our express, written consent.
You also
may not frame the Website within another website, without our express,
written permission.Intellectual Property Rights in the Website
The Website contains various information in the form of data, text,
graphics, and other materials from DecoratorsBest and third parties (the
"Content").
You acknowledge that the Website and various elements
contained therein are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade
secrets, patents, or other proprietary rights, and that these worldwide
rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies
existing now and hereinafter developed.
You also acknowledge that the
Content is and shall remain the property of DecoratorsBest or its
respective owners.
You agree to comply with all intellectual property
laws and you shall not encumber any interest in, or assert any rights
to, the Content.
You may not modify, transmit, participate in the sale
or transfer of, or create derivative works based on any Content, in
whole or in part.
However, you may: (i) print a single copy of the
Content for your own personal use, provided that you maintain any
notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices,
trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices, (ii) temporarily
store copies of such Content in your computer's RAM that are incidental
to your accessing and viewing of such Content, and (iii) store files
that are automatically cached by your web browser for display
enhancement purposes.Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos used and displayed on our site
are registered and unregistered trademarks of ours.
You must not use
such trademarks without the prior written permission of the
DecoratorsBest. All other names, logos, product and service names,
designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their
respective owners.Copyright Complaints
If
you believe that any Content on our site violates your or a third
party’s
copyright, please notify us by providing the following
information to us at our
e-mail address at orders@decoratorsbest.com
or our mailing address via U.S. Mail at 136 East 57th Street Suite 1601, New York, NY 10022: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the
person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright
interest; (2) a
description of the copyrighted work that you claim has
been infringed; (3) a
description of where the material that you claim
is infringing is located on
our site; (4) your address, telephone
number and email address; (5) a statement
by you that you have a good
faith belief that the disputed use is not
authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent or the law; and (6) a statement by
you, made under
penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice
is
accurate and that you are the copyright owner or duly authorized to act
on
the copyright owner’s behalf.Links to Third Party Websites
The Website may contain links to third party websites.
Any such links
are provided for your convenience only.
We do not control those
websites, and we are not responsible for their contents or practices,
including their privacy practices.
We do not endorse the operators of
those sites, nor do we endorse or make any representations with respect
to the contents of those sites or any products and/or services that may
be offered on those sites.Warranty Disclaimer
This Website and the Content, materials and products on this site are
provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or
implied. Neither we nor any of our affiliates assume any responsibility
for the accuracy of any information contained on the Website, for any
interruptions or errors in accessing the Website, or for any viruses or
other harmful components contained on the Website or the server from
which our site is made available.
Neither we nor any of our affiliates
make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the
materials in this site in terms of their completeness, correctness,
accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
WE AND OUR AFFILIATES DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE OR THE PRODUCTS
OFFERED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A
COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, A COURSE OF DEALING OR TRADE USAGE.
UNDER
NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF OUR OR OUR
AFFILIATES' RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, MANAGERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR
ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES,
LOST DATA OR INFORMATION, LOSS OF USE OF OUR SITE, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION OR GOODWILL, COSTS OF
SUBSTITUTE SERVICES, OR DOWNTIME COSTS) RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS OFFERED
ON THE WEBSITE OR RESULTING FROM ACCESS TO OR OTHER USE OF THE WEBSITE
OR RELIANCE ON ANY INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF WE ARE
INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or
limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not
apply to you. Our liability in such case will be limited to the
greatest extent permitted under the law.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold us and our officers, directors,
members, managers, employees, agents, affiliates, suppliers, successors
and assigns harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities,
damages, losses and expenses (including without limitation reasonable
fees and costs for attorneys and investigations) arising out of, based
on, or in connection with your access to or other use of the Website.Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use, and all matters arising directly or indirectly from
your access to or other use of the Website, shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal, substantive laws of the State
of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. You hereby
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located in the State of New York, and waive any jurisdictional, venue,
or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. A printed version of
these Terms of Use shall be admissible in judicial or administrative
proceedings based on or relating to these Terms of Use to the same
extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents
and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall
apply only to such provision and shall not in any manner affect or
render illegal, invalid or unenforceable any other provision of these
Terms of Use, and that provision and these Terms of Use generally shall
be reformed, construed and enforced so as to most nearly give lawful
effect to the intent of the parties as expressed in these Terms of Use.Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and us
with respect to our site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous
communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written,
between you and us with respect to our site.Your Comments and Concerns
Thank
you for your cooperation.
We hope that you
enjoy your
experience on our Website.
Questions or comments regarding the
Website, including any reports of
non-functioning links, should be
submitted using our e-mail address at orders@decoratorsbest.com or our mailing address via U.S. Mail at 136 East 57th Street Suite 1601, New York, NY 10022.
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
Continue shopping
View Cart