http://www.classicteamlotus.co.uk/en/privacy
Privacy Policy
The person responsible for privacy matters is Clive Chapman.We do not collect any information prior to reaching the checkout. At the checkout you will be asked to provide information via Paypal. This includes your Name, Address, Telephone Number, E-Mail Address, Delivery Address (if Applicable) and your Credit Card Details (if Applicable). These details we consider essential in helping us supply your order. Your e-mail address is required so that we can send confirmation of your order.Personal records are stored within our webshop for a period of 6 months from date of order. It is necessary store this information to deal with any issues. Our accounts department will hold information for legal reasons up to 7 years.NewsletterWe will never send unsolicited e-mail. We send out email news-letter periodically, to receive these news-letters, we will need your name and email address, we need your consent to be added to the newsletter mailing list, we will use this information to provide you with periodic email newsletters.Sharing of Personal InformationWe will apply appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure your personal information is secure.  We have systems in place to ensure that access to personal information is restricted to authorised individuals on a strictly need-to-know basis.We are committed to treating your information securely, with respect and in line with data protection law. We will not discuss your personal information with anyone other than you, unless you have given us prior written authorisation to do so or where we have received a clear verbal instruction from you (as a one-off circumstance). We will need to share personal information we hold about you with other organisations that we work with or who provide services on our behalf, for example a postal company. When sharing information, we will comply with all aspects current data protection law. All our data sharing relationships are governed by contracts which include strict data sharing and confidentiality protocols.We may also share information when required by law, for example, where ordered by the Court or to protect an individual from immediate harm.
Subject Access RequestsThrough the provision of this statement and other privacy notices on the website, we will be open and transparent about how and why we use your personal information.You have a right to ask us what personal information we hold about you and to request a copy of your information. This is known as a ‘subject access request’ (SAR).SARs need to be made in writing and we ask that your written request is accompanied by proof of your address and identity.If someone is requesting information on your behalf they will need written confirmation from you to evidence your consent for us to release this and proof of ID (both yours and theirs).Should you wish to view any information that we may hold on you, please write to us at the address detailed in the Contact Us section. You can ask us to rectify your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Please help us to keep our records accurate by keeping us informed if your details change.We have 30 calendar days within which to provide you with the information you’ve asked for (although we will try to provide this to you as promptly as possible).
The right to erasure is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’. In some circumstances, you can ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.  This is not an absolute right, and we will need to consider the circumstances of any such request and balance this against our need to continue processing the data.  Our response will also be guided by the provisions of our retention schedule.
CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
For further information you can contact us as follows:
Classic Team LotusPotash LaneHethelNorfolkNR14 8EYTelephone: 01953601621Email: merchandising@classicteamlotus.co.ukFor independent advice about data protection issues, you can contact the Information Commissioner:Information CommissionerWycliffe House, Water LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AFPhone: 0303 123 1113Email: casework@ico.org.ukWebsite: http://www.ico.org.uk
Greatest Victory
Chapman Comic
Lotus 72
more
News
Lotus 72 50 Years print
A special edition of the Lotus 72 print, back printed on acrylic; one for each Grand Prix start by the nine type 72s.
Classic Team Lotus and Emerson ready for Goodwood SpeedWeek
The Classic Team Lotus mechanics have been busy getting 12 cars ready to run at this weekend’s SpeedWeek event.
more
keep updated
Register for our emails to keep up to date with news and latest products.
Email:
What is 2 + 2?