http://www.kalamazoogourmet.com/support/terms-conditions
Terms of Service
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEThe website from which you accessed this agreement (https://kalamazoogourmet.com/ heretofore known as "the Website") is provided to you subject to the following conditions. These terms are in addition to any other terms governing access to the Website. By visiting (in any manner) the Website you accept these terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service"). Please read them carefully. Any Non-Human Visitors to the Website shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who controls, authors or otherwise makes use of them. The access rights granted to you under the Terms of Service are non-transferable without the express written permission of the owner of the Website.SPECIAL LICENSE RESTRICTIONS FOR NON-HUMAN VISITORSSpecial restrictions on a visitor's license to access the Website apply to Non-Human Visitors. Non-Human Visitors include, but are not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other computer programs designed to access, read, compile or gather content from the Website automatically.Email addresses on this site are considered proprietary intellectual property. It is recognized that these email addresses are provided for human visitors alone. You acknowledge and agree that each email address the Website contains has a value not less than US $50. You further agree that the compilation, storage, and/or distribution of these addresses substantially diminishes the value of these addresses. Intentional collection, harvesting, gathering, and/or storing this Website's email addresses is recognized as a violation of this agreement and expressly prohibited.APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTIONEach party agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by such party against the other in connection with or arising from the Terms of Service ("Judicial Action") shall be governed by the law of the state of residence of the registered Administrative Contact (the "Admin State") for the Website as such laws are applied to agreements between Admin State residents entered into and performed entirely within the Admin State. You consent to the jurisdiction of federal and state courts within the Admin State. You consent to the venue in any action brought against him in connection with breaches of these Terms of Service. You consent to electronic service of process regarding actions under the above agreement.SALES TAXKalamazoo Outdoor Gourmet collects and remits sales / use taxes for orders shipping to Illinois and Michigan. Purchasers of orders shipped to all other states may be required to self-assess state and local sales / use tax. Purchaser is responsible for verifying and remitting tax liability and making appropriate filings.RECORDS OF VISITOR USE AND ABUSEYou consent to having your Internet Protocol address recorded. An email address may appear immediately below (the "Identifier") if we suspect potential abuse. The Identifier is uniquely matched to your Internet Protocol address. Visitors agree not to use this address for any reason.VISITORS AGREE THAT HARVESTING, GATHERING, STORING, TRANSFERRING TO A THIRD PARTY OR SENDING ANY MESSAGE(S) TO THE IDENTIFIER CONSTITUTES AN ACCEPTANCE AND SUBSEQUENT BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE.
Are you sure
This action cannot be undone.
Yes
No
Log In To Continue
Create an account to check out later, track orders, save products, create projects, store files, use our CAD file library, manage your profile, access manuals, and more.
Create Account
Success
Failed
* Email
* Password
Log In
Continue as Guest
Forgot Password?
CHAT