http://www.gemsuite.com/help/policies/pledge.html
Home / Help / Policies / Trading Pledge
December 11, 2020
Good reasons to buy at Mutlicolour.com
Our aim is to ensure that you have a great shopping experience, finding the right product and at the right price.
All Multicolour.com stones are 100% natural – no lab, created or synthetic stones
24-hour Response Customer Support
Safe and Secure shopping – when you shop at mutlicolour.com, you'll be one of thousands customers who have
shopped safely with us
Professional Service and Support
Third Party Certification
Multi-Currency support
World wide
fast delivery
Your choice of
Payment options
Your choice of Delivery options
100% Privacy Protection
Full Customer Satisfaction – 10 days inspection period
Personal and Corporate – quantity discounts
Merchandise Availability – Online means on hand!
Professional Service and Support
Our buyers and gemologists are leaders in their fields. We buy rough gemstones at the source and process our own material. With a wealth of experience, our buyers, gemologists, cutters, and graders, inspect every stone to minimize the risk of misidentification.
All Multicolour gems are natural. We make every effort to insure the accuracy of our descriptions. While we do photograph with favorable lighting conditions, we do not enhance or alter the colors of our images at all. We do not
sell synthetic or lab created stones. Click here to learn more about some
people behind Multicolour.com
Back to Top
Gemology and Third Party Certification
Gemstones are unique creations of nature and do not always submit themselves easily to identification or classification by gemologists. In some cases even gemological laboratories cannot agree regarding the treatment, the origin, or even the final classification of a particular gemstone.
When does a chrysoberyl show enough color change to be called an alexandrite? When is a pink or a purple sapphire considered to be red enough to be termed a ruby? When does a pink and orange sapphire contain the right percentage of each color to be called a padparadscha?
Sapphires and rubies are generally enhanced by heat unless otherwise specified. This is a recognized industry practice and serves to enhance their existing natural beauty.
These decisions are subjective rather than objective, – they depend on the judgment of the beholder.
In borderline cases, we make every effort to provide detailed descriptions.
Here in Bangkok, gemstone identification certificates are available from AIGS (Asian Institute of Gemological Sciences), Tokyo Gem Lab, or from the GIT (Gem and Jewelry Institute of Thailand).
USD 15.00 / Mini identification report
USD 30.00 / Full report with a photograph
Certificates from GIA, AGL, (U.S.A.) or, SSEF (Switzerland), can also be arranged.
Back to Top
Treatments and Disclosure
Stones like aquamarine, amethyst, tourmaline, and tanzanite may also be heated to improve their color. Emeralds are often oiled and this practice is also generally accepted in the trade provided that the oil used is almost colorless and not green. Treatments are disclosed in our stone descriptions except in cases where the information is unavailable.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT ENHANCE OR ALTER THE COLORS OF OUR IMAGES AT ALL. WE DO NOT SELL SYNTHETIC OR LAB CREATED STONES
SOME GEMSTONES ARE ROUTINELY ENHANCED AND THE TREATMENT IS ACCEPTED IN THE TRADE. PLEASE READ OUR STONE DESCRIPTIONS FOR A DETAILED DISCLOSURE IN CASE OF ANY ENHANCEMENTS OR REFER TO
ACCEPTED GEMSTONE ENHANCEMENTS SANCTIONED BY THE GEMSTONE INDUSTRY AT
GEMSTONE ENHANCEMENT GUIDE AND GEMSTONE ENHANCEMENT CODES AND DEFINITIONS FOR MORE INFORMATION.
Back to Top
Merchandise Availability and Full Customer Satisfaction
The multicolour.com on-line database is current and any displayed items are available and can usually be shipped within 24 hours.
Our online secure order checkout allow for numerous payment, shipping, and insurance options. Alternatively, you can use on-line escrow services for your transactions. Our products are also available at our office in Bangkok and at some of the more popular auction sites, such as Ebay.com and Yahoo.com.
Multicolour Gems (multicolour.com) offers a full satisfaction guarantee. From the time you receive the shipment, you have 10 days to evaluate your order. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you may return it for a full refund or credit, excluding shipping and insurance charges. Click here to review our
Return
Policy
Back to Top
Safe
Shopping and Your Privacy Protection
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard for secure commerce transactions. Online payments are secured with a Thawte Digital Certificate. This ensures that the credit card information you enter on our secure form will be encrypted. If any other internet user intercepts the communication he/she will only be able to see it in an encrypted or (garbled) form. Click here to see full Security Statement.
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard for secure commerce transactions. Online payments are secured with a Thawte Digital Certificate. This ensures that the credit card information you enter on our secure form will be encrypted. If any other internet user intercepts the communication he/she will only be able to see it in an encrypted or (garbled) form. Click here to see our full Security Statement.
At Multicolour Gems (multicolour.com), we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
Back to Top
If you need to contact us then either telephone us on (+66-2) 233-2108 or (+66-2) 233-3821 anytime between 8.00am and 6.00pm ( GMT +7:00 ), 6 days a week or
email
at support@multicolour.com
or by
filling in the on-line help ticket form. Our goal is to respond to all emails within 24 hours of receipt.
Search For Help/
Enter Keywords:
Match all keywords
Match any keywords
Enter one or more keywords (i.e payment options).
Quick Tips/
100% natural
We do not enhance or alter the colors of our images at all and we do not sell synthetic, lab created
stones and stones which have been dyed, diffused, or irradiated.
Questions Answered
If you have a question, please check the Frequently Asked Questions list. This will contains answers to many of the usual questions asked.
General Knowledge
For specific product queries, please consult the on-line Gem Library. You will find a list of products we sell and various related guides and articles.
Multicolour.com Policies/
Legal Notes
Trading Pledge
Security Statement
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Contract
Delivery Insurance
Help Topics/
Searching & Browsing
Ordering Guide
Shipping & Returns
Using My Account
On-Line inventory reports
Learning about gems
Privacy & Security
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Still Need Help?
Top of Page
Help/FAQ
Gemstones for sale:
Alexandrite,
Garnet,
Diamond,
Opal,
Spinel,
Sapphire,
Tourmaline,
Tanzanite,
Tsavorite,
Gemstones by Category:
Calibrated,
Carving,
Closeout,
Mixed Lot,
Pair,
Rough,
Single,
Best Sellers
or Featured
Gemstones.
Gemstone education:
Colored Gemstones Guide,
Gems Library,
Gemstone Treatments,
Gemstone Glossary,
Gems and Astrology,
All trademarks and logos shown herein are the property of their respective owners.
© Copyright Multicolour.com, 1998-2011. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of Multicolour.com Return Policy, Privacy Policy and Trading Guarantee. Published and operated by
David Wein Ltd. 32 Hollywood Road,
Central, Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. Lost? Check site map or resources page.
Site design and maintenance by NetComposite ®.