http://www.scrinium.nl/privacy
Scrinium Classical Antiquity
Search our books
skip navigation
Navigation
Books
About Scrinium
Advanced Search
Mailinglist
Contact
Privacy Statement
Scrinium Classical Antiquity acknowledges the importance of your privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to the website (scrinium.nl) and to the services that Scrinium Classical Antiquity offers. We make use of industry-standard techniques in order to protect both your privacy and our servers. We continually monitor our systems for potentially malicious activity. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement. Information that we collect on our website: We track the contents of your basket through the use of an anonymous cookie. This is a text file that is stored on your computer. It contains numbers that are associated solely with our books. Upon each request to our website, this cookie is sent along. This way, our website is able to keep track of the items in your basket. It is not used for any other purpose. When you place an order through our website, we collect your name, email, address and shipping information. These are then stored in our database. You may select an option enabling this information to be saved in a cookie on your computer, in order to facilitate the placement of future orders. If you choose to do so, this cookie is created on your computer in a scrambled way. It does not contain any other data than those that are provided on the order form. This cookie is valid for one year only. After this period it may be discarded by the browser on your computer. If you choose to subscribe to our mailing list, your email address is stored at our database. You may unsubscribe at any time, your information will than be deleted. Information about your order consists of: the items you bought, the shipping address, your email and your name. This information will stay in our database for the period of one year. After this period all of the mentioned data will be archived. Information that we share with others: We provide your name and shipping address to relevant postal services. We may provide your name to creditcard or bank institutions, in order to have your payment fulfilled. We do not provide any customer information to any third parties, other than those listed above.
This document was last modified on May 17th, 2018.