http://www.palisadepride.com/privacy-policy
ShopMenu
Categories
Syrups
Jams
Jams
4oz Jams
9oz Jams
16oz Jams
Salsas
Candy
Dipped Fruits
Dried Fruit
Fresh Fruits
Gift Boxes
Navigation
About Us
STRiVE
Events
Palisade Info
Recipes
Contact
Brands
View all Brands
About Us
STRiVE
Events
Palisade Info
Recipes
Contact
(970) 434-8769
Home
Privacy Policy
AlidasFruits.com Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Alida's Fruits. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on November 10, 2019.
Questions and feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Create Your Own Jam Box
Jelly
Is made from fruit juice, sugar and pectin, and sets up very firm.
Jam
Less firm than jelly and made from crushed or chopped fruit, sugar and pectin.
Preserves
Less firm than jam and made from small, whole fruits or small chunks of fruit, sugar and pectin.
Choose 4 of your favorite jam and jelly flavors from a selection of over 35 delicious Jams, Jellies, Butters or Preserves. All come in 9 oz. jars, and are made in Palisade Colorado!
Create Your Box Here!
Create Your Own Jam Box
Jelly
Is made from fruit juice, sugar and pectin, and sets up very firm.
Jam
Less firm than jelly and made from crushed or chopped fruit, sugar and pectin.
Preserves
Less firm than jam and made from small, whole fruits or small chunks of fruit, sugar and pectin.
Choose 4 of your favorite jam and jelly flavors from a selection of over 35 delicious Jams, Jellies, Butters or Preserves. All come in 9 oz. jars, and are made in Palisade Colorado!
Create Your Box Here!
Why Choose Alida's Palisade Peaches?
Customer Approved
Our Palisade Peaches have been winning over taste buds for years. See why people choose Alida's Fruits as their #1 choice for Colorado Peaches.
Natural Products
We grow some of the best natural Palisade peaches in Colorado! Learn why Palisade Peaches are the best in Colorado.
Best Quality
We use the freshest fruits grown right here in Palisade, Colorado. We only use the best hand-picked local peaches.
Always Fresh
The freshness of the produce used in our products is unquestionable. All product used in Alida's Fruit jams hand picked fresh!
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Email Address
Connect With Us
ACCEPTED PAYMENTS
3402 C 1/2 Rd
Palisade, CO 81526
Remit Payments to:
Alida's C/O Strive
2445 N 8th Street
Grand Junction, CO 81501
(970) 434-8769
Created by 2Rivers Media
© 2020 Alidas Fruits
Previous