https://www.collectrussia.com/privacy.cfm
WW2 Soviet Pilots
WW2 Partisans
Battle of STALINGRAD
Soviets in Afghanistan
Documents & Awards to Soviet Marshals
Russian Imperial ORDERS
St. George Awards
Imperial Russian Medals
Imperial Russian Badges
Imperial Russian Jetons
Imperial Russian Militaria
Imperial Russian Antiques
Imperial Russian Silver
Imperial Russian Documents
Photos of Imperial Russia
Imperial Russian Posters, Lithographs and Books
Imperial Russian Swords, Daggers and Bayonets
Imperial Russian Table Medals
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Order of Lenin
Heroes of Socialist Labor
Highest Soviet Prizes & Honorary Titles
TOP Soviet Military Orders
Order of Glory
Order of the Red Banner
Order of the Red Star
Order of the Patriotic War
Order of Red Banner of Labor
Order of the Badge of Honor
Orders of October Revolution, Friendship of Nations,
Labor Glory and For Personal Courage
Soviet Bravery and Good Conduct Military Medals
Soviet
WWII Campaign Medals
Jubilee Medals
Labor and Civil Valor Medals
KGB, Border Guard and Law Enforcement Medals
Motherhood Awards
Documented Award Groups
Soviet Table Medals
Awards of Modern Russia
Awards of Modern Ukraine
Copies of Soviet Orders and Medals
Soviet Military Badges - Revolution to WW2
WW2 Excellent Soldier Awards
Soviet Army Badges of Cold War Era
Soviet WW2 Veteran Badges, Ground Troops & General Issue
Stalin, Lenin & Friends
Brave New World, 1920s-1930s
Stalin Era Labor Awards, 1930s-50s
Soviet Labor Awards of Post-Stalin Era, late 1950s-80s
Badges of Soviet Trade Unions
Badges of the Early Soviet Volunteer Organizations
Badges of OSOAVIAKhIM (Society to Support Aviation and Chemical Defense)
Soviet Parachute Jump and Airborne Troops Badges
Air Force Wings and Qualification Badges
Veteran Badges of Air Force and Air Defense Units and Schools
Civil Aviation & Aeroflot
Soviet Political & Propaganda Badges
Soviet Navy Badges
KGB, NKVD and Law Enforcement Awards & Qualification Badges
KGB, Police and MVD School Badges
Firefighter Badges
Military School Badges & Medals
Civilian School, Education and Science
Badges & Medals
Soviet Sports Awards
Soviet Red Cross, Medical and Life Saving Badges
Communist Youth Medals and Badges
Soviet Railway Awards
Members of Supreme and Local Soviets (Government)
Copies of Soviet Badges
Generals and Admirals: Uniforms, Insignia & Accessories
Generals and
Admirals:
Visor Hats & Headgear
WW2 Era Officer and Enlisted Uniforms
Officer and Enlisted Visor Hats
Headgear (other than visor hats)
Cold War Uniforms, Officer & Enlisted
Soviet Military Equipment, Cold War Era
Hat Badges
WW2 Era Shoulder Boards, Insignia & Buttons
WW2 Soviet Field Gear and Personal Items
Naval Flags and Pennants
Military, Propaganda and Award Flags
Soviet Swords, Daggers & Bayonets
Soviet Jet Aviation Memorabilia
WW2 Soviet Reenactor Uniforms & Footwear
Soviet Reenactor Headgear
Soviet Reenactor Field Gear
Soviet Reenactor Insignia, Badges & Buttons
WWII Citations
Autographs
WW2 Era Military IDs and Related Documents
Soviet State Security & Police IDs and Documents
WW2 Soviet Military Manuals
Soviet Military Maps of WW2 Era
Soviet Newsprint of WW2 Era
WW2 Propaganda Books & Pamphlets
WW2 Era Lottery Tickets and War Bonds
Portraits of Soviet Premiers: Lenin, Stalin & Others
Portraits, Sculptures & Photos of Soviet Military Leaders
Sculptures and Bas Reliefs of Lenin & Stalin
Soviet Statuettes & Busts in Metal (Bronze and Silumin)
Cast Iron Statuettes & Busts
Socialist Realism Paintings & Portraits
Soviet ART and Presentation Items
"Back in the USSR": Soviet Lifestyle
Soviet Porcelain Figurines
Propaganda Porcelain Vases, Plates, Plaques etc.
Vintage Soviet Literature
Soviet Posters
Photos & Photo Albums
Soviet Tobacciana
Mongolian Orders and Medals
Mongolian Badges and Honorary Titles
North Korean Medals and Militaria
Decorations and Militaria of Communist China
Decorations of Communist Poland
Orders and Medals of Communist Yugoslavia
Orders and Medals of Communist Romania
Medals of Communist Czechoslovakia
Medals and Militaria of Communist Hungary
Decorations of Communist Bulgaria
Medals and Militaria of Communist Afghanistan
German Orders and Medals
German Uniforms, Headgear, Insignia & Edged Weapons
WW2 German Field Gear and Personal Items
WWII German Art, Maps, Photos, Leaflets & Posters
WW2 German Munitions Crates
European Orders and Medals, pre-WW2 ERA
Books on Medals and Badges of the USSR & Communist Bloc
Reference Books on Soviet Militaria
Reference Books on Soviet Collectibles
WW2 and Soviet Military History Books
WW2 and Soviet Photo Documentaries
Books on Imperial Russian Medals & Badges
Books on Imperial Russian Uniforms, Edged Weapons & Militaria
Books on Imperial Russian Antiques
Imperial Russian History and Photodocumentaries
Aircraft & Armor Books
Naval Books
Militaria & Antiques Periodicals
Home
Terms
Contact Us
How to Order
Sell To Us
About Us
Privacy Statement
Join Our Mailing List
View Cart
CUSTOMER LOGIN
Click to Login
Click to open new account
Price:
From
1
10
20
40
60
80
100
150
250
500
1000
5000
10000
To
5
10
20
40
60
80
100
150
250
500
1000
5000
10000
>10000
Features
Imperial Russia
Soviet Orders And Medals
Soviet Badges
Soviet Militaria
Soviet Reenacting
Soviet Paper, Propaganda And Art
Communist Countries
German Militaria
Decorations Of Other Countries
Books And Reference
Contact CollectRussia
Atlantic Crossroads, Inc.
P.O. Box 144Tenafly, NJ 07670
U.S.A.
Phone: 201.567.8717
24-hour FAX: 201.567.6855
Email:Sales@CollectRussia.com
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.collectrussia.com This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following: 1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. 2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. 3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. 4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. We do not send unsolicited emails. Should any changes be made to this privacy policy, we will post them here. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website: Change/correct any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data. Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 201 567 8717 or via email.
|
Home
|
Terms
|
Contact Us
|
How to Order
|
Sell To Us
|
About Us
|
Privacy Statement
|
Mailing List
|
Shopping Cart
|
Reset Shopping Cart
|
Collect Russia © 2004-2020, All Rights Reserved.