http://www.kumfs.com/terms-and-conditions
Go
Sign up & receive
your next order
Sign up to our newsletter to be the first to receive updates on the latest product drops, exclusive offers and promotions.
Subscribe
You may unsubscribe at any time.
Welcome back!
You have
item(s) in your bag
- would you like to view your bag now, checkout or continue shopping?
Go to Bag
Go to Checkout
terms & conditions
www.mountfords.com.au is the shopping website of Mountords Pty Limited (website) that allows consumers to browse, select and purchase products from Munro Mountfords Pty Ltd ABN 83 605 044 639 (Mountfords).
Use of the Mountfords Website is subject to acceptace of these Terms and Conditions.
MOUNTFORDS INSTAGRAM COMPETITION DECEMBER 2019 PERMIT LTPM/19/04679
By entering the Promotion, each entrant accepts these Terms and agrees that the Promotion will be conducted in accordance with, and the entrants’ rights will be governed by these terms.
The Promotion commences at 3.00 pm AEDT on Friday 20th December 2019 and closes at 3:00 pm AEDT on Friday 10th of January 2020 (Promotion Period). Entries will not be valid unless made during the Promotion Period.
Entry is free and is open to residents of Australia, who enter the Promotion in accordance with the conditions of entry below. Entrants must be aged 18 years or older. Employees of Munro Footwear Group (and associated companies) and their immediate families are not permitted to enter.
To enter, entrants must follow the Mountfords Instagram page at https://www.instagram.com/mountfords_shoes/, within the Promotion Period and tag @ a friend who MUST also be following the Instagram page for both the original entrant and their tagged friend to go in the draw to win.
There will be 1 prize (2 winners). The prize pool will consist of 2 x $150 vouchers for use online at https://www.mountfordsshoes.com.au/. Each winner will receive 1 x $150 voucher for personal use. Total pool prize is $300
The prize is valid for use until 2nd January 2021. This prize is non-transferable, cannot be redeemed for cash, and will expire if not used by the date referred to above.
The winners of the prize must take the prize as described and on the conditions stated in these Terms, and the prize cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
To redeem the prize, the winners must contact Mountfords Shoes via direct message on Instagram with their relevant contact details to supply the voucher.
Mountfords Shoes reserves the right to verify the validity of entries and reserves the right to disqualify any entrant for tampering with the entry process or for submitting an entry which is not in accordance with these Terms.
The prize draw will take place at Mountfords Shoes head office at 28 Victoria Crescent, Abbotsford at 3:00pm AEDT on Friday the 10th of January 2020. Entrants to the prize are not required to be present at the draw in order to win the prize. The eligible entries will be randomly drawn from all entries received during the Promotion Period and 1 entrant will be deemed the winner.
The prize winner will be announced on the Mountfords Shoes Instagram page and notified via Instagram private message on Friday 10th January 2020 at 4:00pm AEDT. The Prize winners will need to respond confirming their acceptance of the prize within 3 months of the notification date. Non response from the prize winners will result in the prize being forfeit and another winner will be drawn randomly from the pool of entrants.
The prize winners will also be announced and published on the Mountfords website from Friday 10th January 2020 at 4:00pm AEDT.
Mountfords Shoes reserves the right to alter, extend, delete or change the promotion without notice.
If for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned including tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoter which corrupt or affect the administration security, fairness integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion, Mountfords Shoes reserves the right (subject to any written direction given by a relevant Regulatory Authority) to disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process, and to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion.
All entries will be the property of Mountfords Shoes. Personal information may be used to communicate with entrants. Entrants are able to obtain a copy of Mountfords Shoes privacy policy by contacting Mountfords Shoes.
Mountfords Shoes is not responsible for any loss, damage or injury suffered or claimed (including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damage, personal injury or death, and direct or indirect loss or damage) by an entrant in relation to entering or participating in this Promotion or taking or using the prize offered except where that loss, damage or injury was caused by breach of these Terms by Mountfords Shoes or the wilful or negligent acts or omissions of Mountfords Shoes. To avoid any doubt, Mountfords Shoes shall not be liable for loss caused by technical and mechanical malfunction which is outside the control of Mountfords Shoes.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest or YouTube.
Terms and Conditions of Munro Footwear Group Customer Feedback Promotion.
Information on how to enter and the prize form part of these Terms and Conditions. Participation in Munro Footwear Group Customer Feedback Competition ("Competition") is deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Promoter
The promoter is Feedback ASAP Pty Ltd (ABN 53 146 056 331) Level 3, 24 Albert Road South Melbourne 3205
Competition Period
The period of this Competition begins at 12:00:00am (AEST) on 1st of January 2020 and ends at 11:59:59pm (AEDT) on 31st March 2020. (“Competition Period”).
Eligibility to Enter
Entry is only open to Australian residents aged 18 years and over who are current and former customers of Munro Footwear Group brands which include Midas, Mollini, Cinori, Mountfords, Wanted, Williams, Mathers, Diana Ferrari and Big Brand Shoe Clearance have received a promotional SMS or email from the Promoter.
Employees (and their Immediate Family Members) of the Promoter or of Munro Footwear Group, or any related body corporate of the Promoter or Munro Footwear Group as well as any agency associated with this Competition are ineligible to enter. Immediate Family Members means any of the following: spouse, ex-spouse, de-facto, ex-de-facto, child or step-child (whether natural or by adoption), parent, step-parent, grandparent, step grandparent, uncle, aunt, niece, nephew, brother, sister, step-brother, step-sister or first cousin.
How to Enter
(A) SMS Entry: (i) reply to the SMS that they receive from the Promoter with the word ‘YES’ in their reply SMS to receive an instant automatic call back. The automatic call back will be an automated phone survey; and (ii) answer all questions in the automated phone survey as prompted. SMS entry cost will vary dependent on the mobile network used but will not exceed 55c. SMS entries via the Internet are ineligible.
(B) 1800 Entry: (i) call the designated 1800 number sent to them in the SMS they receive from the Promoter; and (ii) answer all questions in the automated phone survey as prompted including their contact phone number (mobile phone number). The entry when calling the 1800 number is free from a landline.
(C) Website Entry: (i) click on the link provided in the email or sms that they receive from the Promoter https://surveys.esurveys.com.au/feedbackasap/xxxxxxxx?customer_email to be directed to the promotional website; and (ii) input the requested personal details and answer all the questions in the survey as prompted on the promotional website and submit the fully completed survey.
For the sake of clarity, the entrant will be the person whose name is registered on the Munro Footwear Group brands (Midas, Mollini, Cinori, Mountfords, Wanted, Williams, Mathers, Diana Ferrari and Big Brand Shoe Clearance) account relevant to the mobile phone number submitted on entry (for 1800 entry), the mobile phone used to enter (for SMS entry), or email address (Website Entry)
Only one (1) entry permitted per feedback request.
Prize Draws
Entries open and close for the draws on the dates and times specified in the table below. The prize draws will be conducted by Feedback ASAP Pty Ltd Level 3, 24 Albert Road South Melbourne 3205 at 11:00am AEDT on the dates specified in the table below
Prize Draw
Entries Open
Entries Close
Draw Date
1
12:00:00am (AEDT) 1 January 2020
11:59:59pm (AEDT) on 31 January 2020
7 February 2020
2
12:00:00am (AEDT)
1 February 2020
11:59:59pm (AEDT) on 29 February 2020
6 March 2020
3
12:00:00am (AEDT)
1 March 2020
11:59:59pm (AEDT) on 31 March 2020
8 April 2020
The winner of each prize draw period will be notified by telephone or email within two (2) days of the draw. If the winner is located in the ACT they will be contacted by mail. The winner’s name will be published on www.munrofootweargroup.com.au within 7 days of the relevant draw.
Prize
Each valid entry drawn from the prize draws will win a $1,000 VISA Gift Card.
The VISA Gift Card will be posted to the winner by registered mail and is valid for 12 months from the dates of card issue.  The VISA Gift Card is subject to its terms of issue and may not be accepted by all retailers. The Promoter accepts no liability for a defective Gift Card however, if necessary, will provide reasonable assistance to a winner to ensure a replacement Visa Gift Card is provided.
Any ancillary costs associated with redeeming the Visa Gift Card not included. Any unused balance of the Visa Gift Card will not be awarded as cash. Redemption of the Visa Gift Card is subject to any terms and conditions of the issuer including those specified on the Visa Gift Card.
Unclaimed Prize Draw
If a prize is still unclaimed after three calendar months of the original prize draw, the Promoter will conduct a further draw for the prize, subject to any directions from any regulatory authority. The unclaimed prize draws will be conducted at the same time and place as the original draws. The dates for these additional draws would be on 7th May 2020, 6th June 2020 and 8th July 2020
The winner of an unclaimed prize draw will be notified by telephone or email within two (2) days of the draw. If the winner is located in the ACT they will be contacted by mail. The winner's name will be published on www.munrofootweargroup.com.au within 7 days of the prize draw.
General
This is not a game of skill. The prize winners will be selected by Feedback ASAP Pty Ltd at random through an automatic selection process.
Incomplete entries will be deemed invalid and removed from the draws. The promoter's decision is final, and no correspondence will be entered into.
The total value of the prize pool is AU$3,000.
The prize is not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be taken in any other form (including not being able to be taken as cash).
Subject to the unclaimed prize draw clause 14, if for any reason a winner does not take possession of their prize by the times stipulated by the Promoter, then the prize will be forfeited.
The draw will be conducted by Feedback ASAP, Level 3, 24 Albert Road South Melbourne 3205.
This Competition is authorised under: NSW permit no. LTPS/19/38315
Any entrant (who the Promoter automatically enters into the Competition when they provide Feedback) who no longer wishes to participate in the Competition can email support@feedbackasap.com and request for their entry to be removed from the relevant draw.  .
Liability, Indemnity and Warranties
Subject to regulatory requirements, the Promoter may cancel, modify, suspend or delay the Promotion at any time if something happens that is beyond its reasonable control, including for any technical or operational reason or by reason of anything which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.
Costs associated with completing the survey remain your responsibility and may vary depending on the telecommunications provider used.
Privacy
The Promoter may collect and use personal information submitted by you for the purpose of conducting the Promotion. Personal information may be provided to third party organisations, including but not limited to agents, contractors and service providers that assist in maintaining the survey functionality and/or conducting the Promotion, and, if required may be provided to Australian regulatory authorities. You can stop this information being used for this purpose by contacting the Promoter. All personal information will be stored at the office of the Promoter. A copy of the Promoter’s Privacy Policy in relation to the treatment of personal information collected can be found at www.feedbackasap.com
DISCLAIMER AND LIABILITY
Every effort has been made to ensure the information contained on the Website is correct, however Mountfords makes no warranty as to the accuracy, comprehensiveness, or correctness of any products on the Website, and provides all products on an "as is" basis.
Mountfords, including our partners, directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties associated with running the Website, to the maximum extent permitted by law, disclaim all liability and responsibility for any loss or damage that might be suffered by you or any third party caused by the Website or the products sold on it INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF NEGLIGENCE.
PRIVACY
For information on how we collect and handle personal information please see our Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
In order to purchase products from the Website, you will need to create a Mountfords account prior to making a purchase.  You must also create a Mountfords account to engage with the Mountfords community to make comments on our Website.
As an account holder you are required to provide Mountfords with accurate personal information including a valid email address. Provision of another person’s details as your own will not be deemed acceptable.
As an aide to fraud prevention we may require proof of identification of the cardholder prior to releasing the order.
Any personal information collected by Mountfords shall not be disclosed to any third party unrelated to Mountfords’s business unless such a disclosure is authorised or required by law, or you have expressly consented to such a disclosure. Mountfords otherwise relies on its Privacy Policy.
We mainly communicate through email, if you wish to unsubscribe please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each promotional email and we will opt you out of the mailing list without any cost. If you continue to receive unwanted emails please contact Customer Service immediately.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION & PAYMENT
Credit card information collected for the purpose of payment of products purchased at Mountfords will be stored securely using a PCI DSS compliant solution.
Credit card information will be masked on your account and will not be visible to Mountfords Customer Service operators.
Provision of credit card information as payment for the product/s constitutes an agreement for your purchase of the selected product/s.
You must not pay or attempt to pay for product/s using fraudulent credit card information.
SECURITY OF YOUR ACCOUNT
If you create an account with Mountfords you will be required to provide a password. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your password.
Each time you use the password, you will be deemed to be authorised to access and use the Website in a manner consistent with these Terms & Conditions. This means that you are responsible for any products purchased using your account details.
You must notify Mountfords if at any time you believe someone has access to your password.
REVIEWS AND COMMENTS
You may post reviews and make comments on the content on our Website. The content however must not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable to third parties and is not permitted to consist of or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." Mountfords reserves the right to remove such content at any time, and without notice to you.
If you post content, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Mountfords a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, and display such content on its Website and on any other marketing material Mountfords may create.
If you opt out of the Post a review email it will unsubscribe you from those communications only.The user will still get the promotional emails if subscribed but will not get the review email for the purchased product.
PRICING AND GST
All prices on the Website are quoted in Australian dollars and include GST.
Purchases made from New Zealand and delivered to New Zealand do not include GST.
All prices are subject to change. All prices displayed on this Website are only valid online at the time shown.
STOCK AVAILABILITY
Mountfords attempts to present the availability of stock accurately however stock availability constantly varies and is only valid at the time shown.
If an ordered item isn't available or we are unable to fulfill your order we may attempt to arrange an alternative item or will provide a full refund.
For more information please see our Delivery Policy page.
CUSTOMER COMMUNICATIONS
For information on how Mountfords will communicate with you please see our Privacy Policy.
ORDER CANCELLATIONS
Once you have placed your order, Mountfords are unable to cancel, add, remove or make changes to your order including your delivery details, items, colours, sizes or removing the items from your order.
Mountfords also reserves the right to cancel your order if:
You provide an unauthorised credit card
We are unable to process payment on the credit card provided
You provide invalid personal details
If, when required, you cannot provide acceptable proof of identity
The product has become unavailable
If, for any reason, we don't reasonably believe we can successfully complete delivery
Mountfords will attempt to notify you before cancelling your order.
SUSPENSION, TERMINATION AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION
If you breach these terms and conditions, Mountfords reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account at any time without prior notice to you. If your account is suspended or terminated, you will not be able to access the Website.
If you are awaiting delivery of products, Mountfords reserves the right to cancel your order. A refund may be issued to the credit card provided during the purchase process.
DELIVERY
For information on delivery, please see our Delivery Policy page.
RETURNS
Mountfords offers a 30-Day Return Policy. This policy includes rights you are entitled to under the Australian Consumer Law.
For returns details please see the  return policy.
For returns from countries other than Australia, of shoes purchased at Mountfords, the cost of shipping must be paid in full by you prior to acceptance by Mountfords.
If the product is faulty when you receive it you may choose to return the product to Mountfords for a full refund. Faults will be assessed by our Customer Service Team and we may also consult with the supplier or manufacturer. If the product is found to be faulty you will receive a full refund.
For more information on our returns policy, please see our Returns Policy.
EXCHANGES
If the size isn’t quite right for a product you’ve ordered & you’d like to try and exchange it for another, we recommend that you phone or head in to one of or Mountfords stores to see if they have the alternative size in stock.
*Note: All Afterpay orders made online must also be returned and refunded in full, no exchanges can be provided.
Once in-store, if your alternate size is available, our store staff will be able to exchange your order for you if you are exchanging your purchased item for another item that is of the same value.
Please note if you are returning your purchased item & wish to exchange it for an item with a difference in value, we will need to refund your original order in full & you will need to make a new purchase for the new item.
Your refund will then be processed back to the credit card or PayPal account used at the time of purchase by our e-store team within 1-3 business days of the exchange being registered in-store.
For a list of Mountfords stores, click here.
We are unable to facilitate any exchanges online or via returns to our warehouse, this can only be done in-store.
If you’d like to return an item, please do so via our Online Returns Portal.
REFUNDS
Refunds will only be issued in accordance with our returns policy and will only be made to the original account used for payment. In some limited circumstances we may make a refund to an alternate account if the original has been cancelled or is not available.
Mountfords will not consider requests for refunds after 30 days of purchase unless the product is deemed faulty by our Customer Service operator.
If you used a voucher with a minimum spend on an order and wish to return one of the items in that order please note the following:
Should the return of an item cause the total value of the non-returned items to be less than the minimum spend of the voucher, you will receive a refund for the item value less the voucher amount. This is because the voucher is no longer eligible to be used on the order as it does not meet the minimum spend requirement.
Should the total value of the non-returned items be greater than the minimum spend, the voucher will be applied to the remaining total value of the order and you will receive a refund for the item/s returned.
For special promotions such as "Buy 2 Get 1 Free", please note the following if you wish to return one of the items from the offer:
You will receive a refund for the value of the returned item less the value of the lowest priced pair. This is because the total order no longer qualifies for the "Buy 2 Get 1 Free" offer.
For more information on refunds, please see our Returns Policy.
LOSS OF GOODS
The risk of loss of goods shall be passed to you upon our delivery of the product to Mountfords's nominated delivery company. In the case of New Zealand deliveries you authorise for the goods to be left at your specified address and your order will have been taken to be delivered as if they had been signed for. Mountfords will not be held responsible for any loss, damage or liability as a result of this authority.
LINKS
The Website may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such other website.
VOUCHERS
Vouchers are issued in Australian dollars (AUD).
Vouchers are issued on a one-time use per customer and are taken off the total invoice amount.
Limit of one voucher per order can be used.
Vouchers are not applicable to sale items unless stated otherwise.
No cash redemption for a voucher code is possible.
To redeem a voucher code, enter it at the checkout under "Voucher Code" and click "Apply".
If you return an item that was purchased using a voucher, you will be issued a new voucher provided that the item is returned before the voucher expiry date.
PROMOTIONS
By submitting your email address on the promotional pages on Mountfords.com.au you agree to receive our Mountfords newsletter with updates on new arrivals, competitions, promotions and sales. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.
DISPUTES
This contract will be governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. Any dispute arising out of your use of the Website, or the products purchased on it, will be subject to the exclusive courts of that jurisdiction.
SECURITY
When you register your personal details to establish an account or to place an order, a secure server is used. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encrypts the information you send through this website. Mountfords makes no warranty in respect of the strength or effectiveness of that encryption and accept no responsibility for events arising from unauthorised access of the information you provide.
COPYRIGHT
All information, text, material, graphics, software and advertisements on the Website are Copyright (c) of Mountfords its suppliers and/or licensors, unless expressly indicated as otherwise.
The Website content is protected by Australian and international copyright and trade mark laws.
You must not modify, copy or distribute the Website content in any way except as expressly provided for on the website or expressly authorised in writing by Mountfords.
You must not frame or embed in another website any of the material appearing on this website without our prior written consent.
You may use the content of this Website only for the purpose of shopping on this Website or placing an order on this Website and for no other purpose.
CHANGES TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Mountfords reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions of its service without informing you. You should check our Website regularly for any updated Terms and Conditions.
The Terms and Conditions for existing orders shall be upheld by Mountfords.
CONTACT US
You can find our contact details on our Contact Us page.
Log In/Register
New Arrivals
Women's New Arrivals
Men's New Arrivals
Women's Shoes
Boots
Heels
Flats
Sandals
Wedges
Sneakers
Comfort
Pumps
Men's Shoes
Dress
Boots
Casuals
Sneakers
Sandals
Brands
Ara
Arcopedico
AQ by Aquila
Birkenstock
Clarks
Colorado
Django & Juliette
Gabor
Gamins
Geox
Gino Ventori
Hispanitas
Hush Puppies
Josef Seibel
Julius Marlow
Kroten
Laurence Crockett
Lloyd
Mollini
Pikolinos
Rockport
Romika
Skechers
Top End
Wild Rhino
Wonders
Ziera
Sale
Women's Sale
Men's Sale
Find a Store