http://www.housefish.com/privacy
Cart
0
Shop
Commercial Spaces
About Us
Back
About Us
Privacy The Short VersionThe rest of this page is boilerplate from the BBB. Here is a summary of our privacy policy in our own words:We detest spam, spammers, phishers, aggressive advertisers, over-sharers, and other related forms of internet wankery. We will not participate in these activities. If you order something from us, we use your info only to send you the stuff you ordered. We won’t send you a marketing email unless you specifically asked us to, and we do not presume to check that box for you. We have a Facebook page which you are welcome to follow, and if you do, we won’t fill your feed with a bunch of crap. Any questions or concerns? Send us an email and a real human being will read it and respond.Our Commitment To PrivacyYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.The Information We Collect:This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on housefish.com. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:NameAddressEmail addressPhone numberCredit/Debit Card InformationOn some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddressPhone NumberThe Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.We offer gift cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we collect web use statistics that tell us X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without explicitly asking you to opt-in to such unrelated uses.Third PartiesWe use third parties to carry out some functions of our business. Specifically, we currently use Fedex, UPS, and Paypal at various stages in the payment and shipping process. In the future we may use other similar order fulfillment and payment processing companies. Consequently, theses companies will have access to some of your information as well, although they do not have permission to use it in any way other than what is necessary to fulfill your order.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How To Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email : info [at] housefish [dot] com.