http://www.kingarthurflour.com/policies/privacy/california#do-not-sell
Skip to main content
California Privacy Notice
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This Notice supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies solely to individual residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).
This Notice describes how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA.
The term “personal information” in this Notice, relates to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information
For the purposes of this Notice, personal information does not include:
Deidentified, aggregated or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or linked to you.
Publicly available information from government records.
Information about job applicants, employees and other of our personnel.
Information about employees and other representatives of third-party entities we may interact with.
The information we collect, have collected within the past twelve months, and may sell and disclose or have sold or disclosed in the past twelve months is:
Identifiers
Example: name, email address and IP address
Collected from: Information you provide; information we collect when you use our services
Business use: To enable the use of our website, communicate directly with you, and understand how customers interact with our website and offerings
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
Personal information (California Civil Code § 1798.80(e))
Examples: birthdate, contact information, and payment information
Collected from: Information you provide; information we collect when you use our services
Business use: To communicate directly with you, process your requests and transactions; and aid in fraud prevention
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
Protected Classifications
Examples: age, gender
Collected from: Information provided by you as well as third-party vendors
Business use: To understand how customers interact with our website and offerings
Shared with: We do not share this information
Commercial Information
Examples: purchase history; other information relating to your hobbies, interests, and shopping behavior
Collected from: Information you provide; information we collect when you use our services; and information collected from our business partners
Business use: To personalize your experience, improve our website and product offerings, and understand market trends
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
Biometric Information
n/a
Internet/Network Information
Examples: device/browser information, analytics data, and user logs
Collected from: Information we collect when you use our services
Business use: To enable the use of our website, monitor and troubleshoot website performance, and assist with your requests
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
Geolocation Data
Examples: contact or activity location approximated by your IP
Collected from: Information we collect when you use our services
Business use: To enable the use of our website, and to personalize your experience
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
Sensory Information
Examples: audio recordings of conversations with customer service
Collected from: Information we collect when you use our services
Business use: To fulfill your requests, and improve our services and offerings
Shared with: We do not share this information
Profession/Employment Information
Collected from: Information you provided and collected from recruitment providers
Business use: To inform our hiring process
Shared with: We do not share this information
Other Personal Information
Examples: content you share in reviews, comments, or questions posted on our website, social media pages, etc.
Collected from: Information provided by you as well as third-party vendors
Business use: To understand how customers interact with our website and services, and to improve our offerings
Shared with: We share this data internally, with our service providers, and with business partners
Inferences
Examples: system-generated predictions about your interests and preferences
Collected from: We create these internally and with the help of our business partners
Business use: To personalize your experience and improve our offerings
Shared with: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners
For additional details and examples of how your information is collected, used, and shared, please review our Privacy Policy.
Your privacy rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA, California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information.
The categories of personal information about you that was sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by emailing us at privacy@kingarthurbaking.com or by calling us toll-free at (800) 777-4434.
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. If you wish to authorize another to act on your behalf, please be advised that King Arthur Baking may require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to submit a request and verify your own identity directly with us, unless the authorized agent has a power of attorney. However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
Our verification process works as follows. Before we may process a request, in order to protect your privacy, we will ask you to confirm a few pieces of information that we have on our records about you, for example:
Your address
Your zip code
Your customer number or recent order number
Your email address
If your request is for deletion of personal information, we will need to re-verify you before we delete your information.
You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a 12-month period, without charge. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). If you have an account with us, we will deliver our response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
King Arthur Baking will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to direct us not to sell any personal information we collect. To exercise your right to opt-out, please send an email to privacy@kingarthurbaking.com or call us toll-free at (800) 777-4434.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Changes in Notice
If we decide to change our Notice in whole or in part, we will notify you of any material changes to our Notice as required by law. We encourage you to check regularly to see if our Privacy Policy or Notice has changed.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about this Notice or our Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@kingarthurbaking.com, or you can write to us at:
King Arthur Baking Company
Attn: Consumer Care
58 Billings Farm Rd
White River Junction, VT 05001
Re: Privacy Policy
Connect with us
Receive Recipes & Special Offers
View our privacy policy
Our Social Communities
Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube LinkedIn
Get in Touch
Chat | Email