http://www.eldridgetextile.com/help_answer.asp?ID=10#39
Bathroom
Shower Curtains
Bath Accessories
Towels
Shower Curtains
Shower Curtain Liners
Toilet Seats
Rugs
Bed Ensembles
Bedspreads
Sheets & Linens
Matouk
Sferra
Solid Color Bed Linens
Window Treatments
Rods and Hardware
Curtains & Draperies
Silk & Faux Silk Curtains
Insulated & Blackout Curtains
Outdoor Curtains
Decorative Quilts
Duvet Covers
Bedskirts
Blankets
Down Comforters
Pillows
Novelty Pillows
Mattress Pads
Linen Wash Products
LeBlanc Linen Wash Products
My Account
Contact Us
Help / FAQ
Return to Help Index
My Account
How do I create an account?
1) Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right side of our site.2) Enter your email address.3) Select "I am a new customer".Then simply follow the prompts to complete setting up your account. Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to edit your account information.
How much is my shipping?
Shipping Charges-Continental US Only (48 States) FREE SHIPPING ** on all orders over $150.00 via Ground Delivery within the Continental United States (excludes International, Hawaii, and Alaska orders). You will not receive Free Shipping on your order if cancellations or returns reduce the total amount purchased to less than $150.00. Does not apply to previous orders. Actual freight charges will be applied to all shipments where returns reduce the amount purchased to $150.00.
Division
Ground Service
Orders up to $34.99
$7.95
From $35.00 to $59.99
$9.95
From $60.00 to $99.99
$13.95
From $100.00 to $149.99
$16.95 **
From $150.00 to $199.99
$19.95 **
From $200.00 to $299.99
$24.95 **
From $300.00 to $399.99
$29.95 **
From $400.00 and over
7% of order total **
** Free Shipping on all orders over $150.00 via Ground Delivery within the Continental United States. You will not receive Free Shipping on your order if cancellations or returns reduce the total amount purchased to less than $150.00. Does not apply to previous orders. Actual freight charges will be applied to all shipments where returns reduce the amount purchased to $150.00.
Priority Mail, 2nd Day Air charges to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico shipping and handling will be charged on actual weight of carton.
Canadian and International Orders: Shipping charges will be calculated on the actual weight of shipment. We will notify you of the shipping cost before the order is processed.
International orders must meet a minimum of $100.00 to qualify for international shipment.
International Information: We will not ship merchandise to a domestic location with an international billing address. Please call for additional information. International shipments must meet $100 minimum.
Our website automatically calculates domestic shipping prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices.
I forgot my password.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site. Under the login box you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password? Click here". That link will send an email to you with your password.
How do I return my product?
Please click here for more information on returning an item.
I received the wrong product.
If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 72 hours of receiving the product.
What is your return policy?
Eldridge Textile Home Guarantee: If you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return promptly in its original condition and we will gladly exchange the item or refund your money.Special order items, denoted with a * are not returnable.Ordering: At Eldridge, all merchandise is strictly first quality. Items in stock are shipped within 72 hours. Items out of stock are backordered and billed at the time of shipping. Please note, items denoted by a * are special order items only and cannot be returned. Please allow 4-6 weeks for any special order items to arrive. New Jersey State residents will be charged the applicable sales tax after shipping charges are added.Return Policy: You may return any item for an exchange, refund, or a credit to your charge account less actual shipping and handling charges incurred by Eldridge Textile Home. All returns must be accompanied by a Return Authorization (RA) number. To obtain an RA number, please call Customer Service at 800-635-4399 between the hours of 9:30 AM and 5:00 PM EST (Monday - Friday) or e-mail your request to custserv@eldridgetextile.com. Note: We do not charge a re-stocking fee. Items must be returned in their original packaging, within 30 days of delivery, with a copy of your receipt to ensure proper credit. We cannot accept returns of items that are used, laundered, soiled, or cut fabrics sold by the yard. Items that are special order are not returnable. Health regulations do not permit us to accept open packages of sheets or pillowcases for credit or refund. Ship returns prepaid and insured to the address indicated in the Return Authorization. Please write your RA number clearly on the outside of the package. Items returned without an RA number will be refused.Internet Orders: You may order direct through our Internet site 24 hours a day, year round. All Credit Card transactions are encrypted and cannot be monitored by a third party. We utilize 128 bit encryption to insure your security and privacy. Items denoted by a * are special order items only and cannot be returned. Please allow 4-6 weeks for any special order items to arrive.Swatch Request: Fabric Swatches are available for most patterns. Please e-mail custserv@eldridgetextile.com, include the pattern name and your mailing address.How to Reach Us - Questions and Inquiries:    * By Telephone: 732-544-4550 Mon through Fri 9:30 AM - 5:00 PM EST.    * By Mail: Eldridge Textile Company, 11 South Main Street, Marlboro, NJ 07746 * E-mail Customer Service (custserv@eldridgetextile.com) and we will reply promptly.
When will my order ship?
Please see each individual item page for more information on the availability of each item. Also, after placing your order, you may click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to track the status of your order. You will receive a shipment confirmation when your order has shipped and tracking information within 24-48 hours of shipment.
Email Us
Ph: (732) 544-4550
Toll free: (800) 635-4399
11 South Main Street
Marlboro, NJ 07746
E—Newsletter — Stay In Touch
Find us Here:
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
© 2016 Eldridge Textile Home, LLC. Ecommerce by Volusion.
We Accept: