https://www.robinwoodflowers.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.robinwoodflowers.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through this web site, how it is used, and with whom your information may be shared.
What choices you have regarding the use of your information.
What security measures we have in place to protect your personal information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information we have on file.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We collect the following information in order to complete your purchase:
Sender name/Recipient’s name
Billing address/Recipient’s delivery address
Credit card number
Sender email address
Sender phone number/Recipient phone number
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products, or services, or changes in this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time by sending an email to ap@robinwoodflowers.com. You can also do the following at any time:
You may see what data we have about you, if any.
You may change or correct any data we have about you.
You may have us delete any data we have about you.
You may express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you believe that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 513-531-5590 or via email.
CONNECT WITH US
Locally-owned Cincinnati florist Robin Wood Flowers creates custom fresh flower arrangements. We offer same day delivery in Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky from our shop to your door.
We are artisan floral designers. Our Online gallery selections are meant to inspire and share our love of designing unique fresh bouquets and arrangements. Each day we work with the most beautiful seasonal fresh flowers sourced locally and around the world for your original fresh flower arrangement.
CONTACT US
All images, designs, and content © 2020 Robin Wood Flowers, or credited photographer.
Return Policy | Privacy Statement
OUR SHOP
Robin Wood Flowers
1902 Dana Ave
Cincinnati, OH 45207
Local Delivery
Cincinnati - N. Kentucky
HOURS
Weekdays 8:30-5:00
Saturdays 8:30-1:00
Afternoons by appointment
Closed Sundays
Local Delivery
Cincinnati - N. Kentucky
ORDERING
BY PHONE
(513) 531.5590
(800) 219.0074
BY FAX
(513) 531.5589
Order