https://www.fireworks.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Ghengis Fireworks Privacy Policy
Who WE ARE At The Bottom Of The Garden Ltd T/A Ghengis Fireworks Registered in England and Wales as Company Number: 05531010 VAT Number: GB 876201816 Address: 100 The Brook, Chatham, Kent, ME4 4LB Website: https://www.fireworks.co.ukEmail: sales@fireworks.co.ukTelephone: 01634 817 583
What personal data we collect and why we collect it Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymised string created from your e-mail address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Contact forms When you contact us via the contact form, we ask for your First Name, Last Name, Email Address and Phone Number. This information is used so that we can reply directly back to you personalty, rather than sending a generic robotic sounding reply. Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, e-mail address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Google Analytics & Search Console We run Google Analytics with anonymized IP on our website, the data collected by Google is used to better understand how our users are using and navigating the website, this in turn allows us to make improvements that make using the website easier and faster. Who we share your data with We share data with services provided by Google,  Analytics and Search Console. All data collected and sent to Google Analytics or Search Console is anonymized, no personally identifiable information is transferred to or stored by Google. How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Additional information On some of our contact forms, e.g. our Firework Display Inquiry Form, we will ask you for additional details such as a venue location. this data helps us to understand your needs. How we protect your data Personal data shall be subject to additional safeguards to ensure this data is processed securely. For example, we work hard to ensure data is encrypted when in transit and storage, and access to this data will be strictly limited to a minimum number of individuals and subject to confidentiality commitments. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to any of our websites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. When possible, encryption is used, both in transit and storage. Access controls within the organisation limit who may access information. What third parties we receive data from We receive anonymized analysis date from Google Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
This sample language includes the basics around what personal data your store may be collecting, storing and sharing, as well as who may have access to that data. Depending on what settings are enabled and which additional plugins are used, the specific information shared by your store will vary. We recommend consulting with a lawyer when deciding what information to disclose on your privacy policy.
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. What we collect and store While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of basket contents while you’re browsing our site.
Note: you may want to further detail your cookie policy, and link to that section from here.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints Process payments and prevent fraud Set up your account for our store Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes Improve our store offerings Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders. We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for XXX years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses. We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them. Who on our team has access Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you. What we share with others
In this section you should list who you’re sharing data with, and for what purpose. This could include, but may not be limited to, analytics, marketing, payment gateways, shipping providers, and third party embeds.
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example — Payments
In this subsection you should list which third party payment processors you’re using to take payments on your store since these may handle customer data. We’ve included PayPal as an example, but you should remove this if you’re not using PayPal.
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details. By using this extension, you may be storing personal data or sharing data with an external service. Learn more about how this works, including what you may want to include in your privacy policy.
BUY FIREWORKS PROFESSIONAL FIREWORK DISPLAYS FIREWORKS SAFETY FAQS
Login