http://www.waldensurfboards.com/pages/policies
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
(0)
Cart
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Search
Right
Log in
Register
(0)
Cart
Search
Shop Surfboards
Toggle menu
One of A Kind Boards
Toggle menu
Magic Models
Mega & Mini Mega Magics
Deviled Egg
Mini Magic
Mucho Magic
CD
Mega Fish
TNT
Enigma
RWST
Velzy
Stock Epoxy Boards
Women's Boards
Toggle menu
Wahine Tie Dye
Wahine Originals
Sale Boards
2020 Board Info
Toggle menu
2020 Board Range
Custom Order Form
About Custom Boards
Custom Colors
Custom Fabrics
Board Construction
Sample Boards
Gear
Toggle menu
Bags & Leashes
Fins
Travel & Gear
Stickers
Wax
Sunscreen
Men's
Toggle menu
T shirts
Hats
Sweatshirts & Long Sleeve
Accessories
Women's
Toggle menu
Hats
Jewelry
Tops
Accessories
Kids'
Toggle menu
Kid's Gear
Gifts
Toggle menu
Candles
Bath & Body
Gifts & More
Sale
Register
Log in
Policies
Soft Goods returns:
Walden Surfboards gladly accepts returns of unworn, unwashed, or defective merchandise for a full refund within 14 days of receiving the item.  Items must have all original tags and be in original condition.  Refunds must be accompanied by the original receipt and will be made in the form of the original payment. Merchandise older than 14 days after the purchase date will not be eligible for a return. Swimwear is not returnable. Final sale items cannot be returned or exchanged.
Surfboards:Custom Surfboard orders require a 500.00 non-refundable deposit. The balance of an order is due at completion. Shipping charges are extra. Walden Surfboards can cancel uncompleted orders after 30 days. Completed boards need to be picked up/ released within 30 days or board(s) may be forfeited to Walden Surfboards. Customers who forfeited their boards do not receive their deposit back.
Surfboard Shipping:
An in stock surfboard ordered online or over the phone will ship out within 2-3 business days. This allows us to process your order and pack it properly. Custom ordered boards will ship upon completion, which varies depending on the board specifications.
Delivery takes approximately 3 to 10 business days (not including holidays). Delivery time depends on your distance from Southern California. Once your order has shipped you will receive an e-mail containing your itemized order, shipping carrier, tracking number, and estimated ship date. All shipments are given the choice of home or business delivery. DISCOUNTED WEB SHIPPING RATES ARE FOR BUSINESS ADDRESSES ONLY.
Delivery to a business is always recommended. For home deliveries all freight shippers charge a residential fee. They may charge a fee for multiple delivery attempts if you’re not home, so we encourage deliveries to a business address. This does NOT include home businesses. ALL CLAIMS MUST BE MADE AT TIME OF DELIVERY, meaning you must document any damages on the delivery paperwork, you do have the right to refuse a shipment that is damaged.
Any claims made after delivery may be refused by Walden Surfboards if our shippers refuse the claim as this is considered concealed damage by our freight companies. We do not ship replacement boards for concealed damages, we do however cover the cost of repair up to 10% of the cost of the board with approval.
All deliveries require a signature. All surfboard sales are FINAL.
Delivery times:
We do not guarantee delivery dates or times. We do our best to meet requested delivery windows but do not guarantee them. We do not ship boards without a phone or e-mail conformation by the customer, if a customer does not respond by phone or e-mail we are not responsible if a shipment gets delayed. Refunds are not provided if customers do not confirm a delivery.
Ordering More Than One Board:
You can ship up to four surfboards in one box. Additional boards are $10.00 each in the same box. This does not include SUP’s. Express Shipping is available in some areas. We offer faster shipping, but not guaranteed service. Please call us at 805.653.1717 or email us for 3-day and 2-day shipping quotes. Please have ready the date you need the board and the full "ship to" address with zip code and phone number.
International Surfboard Shipping:
If you live in a country not listed on our site, we can get you a quote if you give us your full shipping address. Quotes can take up to 3 business days to get. Some international shipments may only be available for terminal pickup
Damages:
We ship a lot of surfboards and are experts at packing boards; damages are very rare. It is very important that you inspect your package at the time of delivery. If you notice any damages to the box or, more importantly, to your surfboard, you must note any damage on your bill of lading. This allows us to make a claim with the shipper. If damages are not noted on your bill of lading at time of delivery, we may not be able to make a claim. If you have received a damaged shipment please contact us by phone 805.653.1717 or email within 48 hours of delivery to start the claim process. Claims will not be accepted after 48 hours. In the unlikely case your board is catastrophically damaged you may refuse the shipment and you will be fully refunded once we receive your order back from the shipper.
Minor Damages:
Customers who experience minor damages during shipping may have their board repaired at any Walden dealer. Walden Surfboards will pay for the repair up to 10% of the board’s cost. To qualify, Walden Surfboards must receive digital photos of the damage and a quote for the repair ahead of time.
Additional Claims:
If you ordered a board with fins, they are shipped with your surfboard. In the rare case that your surfboard arrives missing fins you must notify us within 48 hours of delivery.
Boards damaged from shipping can be refused from shipper:
All damage claims must be made within 2 days of receipt of shipment. Damage claims must be documented with pictures, and board must be unwaxed and unused. Surfboard claims will not be accepted if boards have been ridden.
Other:
Custom or personalized items are not returnable or exchangeable. Swimwear is not returnable. Web orders must be cancelled before they ship.
____________________________________
At Waldensurfboards.com, ensuring the privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. Our privacy and security policy outlines the information we collect about you, how and why we use the information, and the choices you have to restrict our usage of this information.
What information do we collect?
We only collect personal information you provide for us while creating or updating an account, as well as during checkout (e.g. name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number and email). This information is maintained and stored on our secure server. To ensure your security, we do not store financial information, such as your credit card number and expiration date, on any of our servers.
We may disclose specific personal information with governmental agencies only as required by law or to protect against potential/actual fraud or unauthorized transactions.
Email
To those who sign up for our email list, we offer advanced notice of sales, promotional offers, new merchandise, and Walden Surfboards news. We respect your privacy rights and will not sell, rent or share your email address with anyone. You may choose to be removed from our email list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of our emails.
Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend feature to tell someone about a product, we will ask you for their name and email address. We will automatically send them a one-time email containing information about the product, along with a link to view it on our website. Once the email has been sent, their name and email address are permanently removed from our server.
Children
If you are under the age of 18, you may only use Waldensurfboards.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 18.
How do we use your information?
When placing an order on our website, we use this information you provide to process and fulfill your order. We may send an email to confirm or update you on the status of your order, as well as contact you by email or phone, if we have any questions about your order.When you create an account, make an order or sign up for our mailing list, contests or promotional offers, we may use this information to send you emails about our services, new merchandise or promotional offers you might be interested in.When you order, create an account, complete a survey or participate in any contest or promotion on our website, we may use this information to send email or regular mail to you about our products, services or other contests and promotions you might be interested in, unless you indicate that you do not wish to receive such mail. We may also use this aggregate information to personalize your shopping experience by using product interests, shopping patterns and purchase information to recommend other products, services or promotions that we believe may be of interest to you.
Is my information and transaction secure?
At Waldensurfboards.com, we are committed to ensuring the security of your information. We use the industry standard, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, for protecting your online commerce transactions. SSL software allows a secure server to communicate with your browser. The secure server and your browser create a unique shared “key” that only the two computers on either end of the transmission can use to scramble and unscramble information. This key is only good for this one session, and during transmission the information is scrambled and completely unreadable. When you leave the secure server, the key that was created will become useless. When you return to the secure server, the whole process will begin again creating a new unique key. By using SSL your personal information including your credit card, phone number, name and address are encrypted so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Cookies
Waldensurfboards.com uses cookies for the purpose of giving you a personalized shopping experience. Cookies allow us to give you a personal greeting and keep track of what is in your shopping cart.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may periodically revise this Privacy Statement. Any revisions will be reflected within this page. You may wish to periodically check this page for updated information regarding our Privacy Statement.
About
History
Contact
Shipping Info
Terms
Policies
Signup
© 2020 Walden Surfboards.
Discover
Mastercard
PayPal
Venmo
Visa