https://www.3dframing.co.uk/terms/
Skip to content
ContactTerms & ConditionsMy account
Bevian 3Dframing.co.uk Terms & Conditions
By using our website, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the following terms & conditions, which apply to orders placed by you the customer directly through our web site, or by orders which we manually process and you pay for by PayPal e.invoice.
Privacy-Policy
See Privacy Policy
About Us
Established November 1995, our aim is now to provide you with a complete service for ready made and to measure picture frames for, sports and military medals, 3D items (also known as box picture frames), as well as traditional art forms.
As most of picture frames are made to measure, the options available for customisation include choosing from a range of frame finishes including oak, teak, and pine, gold, silver or coloured. With a choice of Mount Colours and apertures. Plus personalisation, with silver or gold engraved plaques, or our new system where we can print directly onto the mount. We are also able to supply individual components, such as frames, mounts or spacer-frames.
Despite our range of customised picture framing solutions being so flexible, placing an order couldn’t be easier, with our easy to use Online Picture Frame Designer. Or you can choose from our range of click-and-go Ready Made Frames. If you cannot see what you are looking for, we are happy to discuss your individual requirements based on your ideas and needs, please Contact Us for futher help
Completing your purchase could not be easier; checkout is very straightforward, with secure payment made via PayPal.
Visitors
Kindly note we are generally not open to the public, the contact address is our registered office. Our frames can be ordered via our website, or if you wish to visit us to discuss your needs please telephone to make an appointment.
Minimum Order
We have no minimum order requirements, we are happy to create a one-off frame or larger quantities, depending on your needs.
Discounts
We offer a discount to purchases over £150 of 5%, and purchases over £300 of 10%, these discounts are in addition to any promotional discounts, all discounts are automatically applied at the checkout stage. Discounts are only available on orders placed using our online website.
Post & Packing
Currently, we are only able to deliver to the UK mainland, including Northern Ireland, the Scottish Highlands and Islands, the Channel Islands, the Isle of Wight and Isle of Man. We are unable to ship to destinations outside of the UK.
For speed and reliability we only use UPS overnight or Royal Mail to deliver customer orders. For smaller items we may use 2nd class Royal Mail.
When dispatching picture frames packaging is important, this is reflected in our p&p costs. We dispatch your frame packed in mdf and corrugated card to ensure it arrives with you in perfect condition. We may use recycled card for packaging and over 95% of our packaging can be recycled as cardboard/paper, please recycle the poly strech wrap responsibly.
Surcharges
On very rare occasions if you require delivery to outlying areas of the UK including those areas listed above, or the size of items ordered exceed standard shipping sizes, we may apply a shipping surcharge. If this is the case we will inform you by email, then with your approval issue an e.Invoice, as we do not receive your card details from PayPal. If you do not agree to the shipping surcharge, you have the option to cancel your order with a full refund.
Please click here for our Delivery charges
Delivery
As most of our frames are custom-made to your requirements, our standard dispatch time is 2-3 working days from receipt of your order. During busier times this can be up to 6 working days, however we will notify you if this will be the case, you then have the option to cancel your order with a full refund.
We will keep you updated about the progress of your order, including emails to acknowledge your order, a scheduled dispatch date, also notification of dispatch. If you require your order to reach you by a certain date, please ensure you order in good time, contact us for current dispatch times, or specify a date required in the comments box towards the end of the ordering process.
Even though we offer best practice in customer service, we will not be liable for any financial or any other kind of loss to you the customer for any reason including, incorrect supply or delayed delivery including delays by our carriers, weather conditions, strikes and industrial action, or any other reasons which are beyond our control.
We dispatch 95% of our orders by UPS overnight, smaller items are dispatched by 1st or 2nd class Royal Mail. If you are unavailable to receive your order it may be taken to a local UPS pick-up point or to a local post/sorting office, where you can collect at a time convenient to yourself. If after a set time you have not collected your order it may be returned to us, in which case you may incur additional delivery costs, in this case the order cannot be cancelled due to non-delivery and no refund can be issued.
Cancellations & Returns
Whilst we are able to cancel orders, this must be requested in writing by email within 7 days of placing the order, starting from the day after you placed the order, providing the order has not already been dispatched. As soon as we receive notice of your wishes to cancel your order, we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for the item(s) cancelled, including delivery charges.
Under U.K. distant selling regulations, due to the bespoke nature of our products, cancellation or returns are not available once the manufacturing process has begun, or orders have been dispatched. Ready made frames are excluded from this clause, if you wish to return a ready made frame please contact us for a returns number.
Other returns are accepted in the following circumstances:1. Those that are damaged on arrival, in which case we must be notified by email within 48 hours of receipt of order.2. Goods that have been supplied incorrectly by us, or goods that are not specified on the order you placed with us. If returned due to an error made by us, or damage in transit, your return postage costs will be refunded to you, in addition to replacing the goods with the correct items or a full refund.3. Our priority is ensuring you are fully satisfied with any purchase from us, in the unlikely event that you encounter a problem please contact us to discuss what can be done to resolve the issue. Should an item be returned to us that was correctly supplied, carriage costs will not be refunded, plus we advise use of a signed for delivery and insured service.
Damages
Should an item arrive with you that has been damaged during transit, you must notify us by email within 48 hours of receipt of the item, along with photographic evidence of the damage sustained. Please note that we are unable to accept any claim for damage without photographic evidence, or if we are not informed within 48 hours of receipt of delivery. You must also retain all packaging until any claim has been settled. If you suspect the package has been damaged, you must inform the delivery driver and sign for as ‘damaged’. We reserve the right at our discretion to replace damaged items or part of only, not the full order.
Conclusion of Contract
At the point of payment a contract to buy is then binding.
Online Privacy Policy
Bevian 3D Framing are committed to protecting your privacy. In order to minimise any risk associated with your identity, we collect only the minimum of information needed to process your order when purchasing through our website.
No sensitive data is permanently held on any of our computer systems accessible from the web, which ensures that your information cannot be seen by any third party using the internet trying to maliciously obtain personal data.
Our website only uses cookies for the operation of our frame designers, these cookies can be removed from your computer, by using tools> delete browsing history, in your web browser.
We will not sell, rent or trade your details to third parties. The information we receive is solely for the use of Bevian 3Dframing to process your order, assist with an enquiry or to update you with our own product information. The only information we divulge is your name, address and phone number to our delivery companies for delivery of customer orders. Within our office, Bevian 3D Framing retains all contact information for mailing purposes within the guidelines set by the UK Data Protection Act and the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) coming into force 25th May 2018
From time to time with your prior approval we may email you with details of special offers etc. if you would prefer not receive these or should you wish that your details to be removed from our database we would be happy to do so upon written request.
If you have any queries regarding your privacy that are not covered here, please see our full privacy-policy or contact us.
Payments
All goods must be paid for at the time of placing your order, no orders will be dispatched prior to receiving payment. To ensure a safe and secure online transaction, we use PayPal to process all payments, who use secure 128 bit SSL encryption. We are not provided with your debit/credit card details at any time.
Statutory Rights
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. Any dispute will be dealt with under U.K. law.
Glass/Acrylic
For orders placed using our website we supply traditional 2mm picture glass or high-quality 1.5mm acrylic/styrene (a modern, safe, shatterproof alternative). We always ensure that orders containing glass are packed with extra care, however kindly note that we can take no responsibility for any breakages of glass during transit, as no carrier will cover breakages of glass.
When ordering glass of a large size we may at our discretion upgrade your order to acrylic, in which case when you order arrives into our workshop we will inform you by email. We will then give you the choice to accept acrylic or you may stay with glass, with the risk of breakage with yourself.
Mount Board
Due to differences in monitor settings, colours shown for our mount board selection are not necessarily an accurate representation of the true colour of the product. Should you require a specific colour, we recommend that you email us a request to purchase one of our mount board colour sample packs, at a cost of £3.00 of which will be refunded to you upon placement of an order.
What’s Included in the Price?
By using our Frame Builder, you are able to order only the component parts that you require for example, frames, mounts, spacer frames, glass, acrylic/styrene. An MDF backboard is automatically included with every order. With each compleate frame ordered, hanging cord & eyes, gummed paper sealing tape and framing instructions are included.
By using our Military Medal Picture Frame designer or Sports Medal Picture Frame designer, you can choose from a selection of picture frames to fit one of our standard mount designs for military or sports medals. Our Medal Picture Frames include the frame, mounts & spacer frame, glass or acrylic/styrene (if ordered), medal fixings, cord & eyes, gummed paper sealing tape, framing instructions plus the option of an engraved or printed plaque.
Postage and packaging will be applied to your order at checkout, please see details above.
Mount Board Quality
We pride ourselves in the quality of our work, and only use components of the highest standard. Our mount boards are from the Slater-Harrison Colourmount Conservation White Core 300 series, which when cut with a bevel the core is white and does not discolour with age. It is 100% conservation quality that can be used alongside virtually any art work, giving you the confidence that the finished item will be protected against acidic contamination.
How Do I Measure My Artwork?
For a guide on how to measure your items please see our ‘How to measure’ page.
Can I Order or Pay by Telephone?
Unfortunately to avoid errors we are do not to accept orders over the telephone and only accept orders which are placed through our website or written orders by email. For your security we do not accept payment by telephone, however paying online is very simple and secure through PayPal. Or we can email you a PayPal e.invoice as an alternative easy and safe way to make payment.
Items Sent To Us To Frame For You
All of our frames are supplied with easy to follow instructions, but on some occasions you may want us to frame items for you, which we are happy to do. If you do send us any items they are returned to you at your risk, we will not be held responsible for their loss or damage in transit. If you wish to be compensated for loss or damage in return transit of any items you sent to us, you must tell us the value at the time of ordering. Some items cannot be covered for loss or damage in transit, if this is the case we will do our best to advise you. Any items you sent to us must be by a tracked method, we will email you to acknowledge safe receipt by us.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×
×Basket