http://www.bustan.ca/help/payment-information
Help / Payment Information
Payment Information
We do not rent, loan, sell or in any way share any information about you or your transaction with anyone! See our Security & Privacy Statement for more info.
We work closely with authorities to prosecute ALL fraudulently placed credit card orders.
PROVINCIAL & FEDERAL TAXES All Canadian provinces are charged 13% HST on the entire purchase amount, including S&H. PAYMENT OPTIONS:
For online orders we accept: Visa, MasterCard, Interac Email Money Transfer, Money Order, Personal Check, and PayPal. For in-store pick-ups we accept: Visa, MasterCard, Interac, and Cash.
When paying with a credit card: Just follow the on-screen prompts to complete your order. A customer service representative will contact you within 24 hours to confirm your order if required. If you have any questions, please call 416-922-6363 or 888-YOU-GROW. When paying with Interac Email Money Transfer: Just follow the on-screen prompts to complete your order. A customer service representative will contact you within 24 hours to confirm your order and verify the transaction details. If you have any questions, please call 416-922-6363 or 888-YOU-GROW. When paying with PayPal: Just follow the on-screen prompts to complete your order. A customer service representative will contact you within 24 hours to confirm your order if required. If you have any questions, please call 416-922-6363 or 888-YOU-GROW.Important Note: You must be a PayPal Verified Customer if you would like to use PayPal as a payment method.
When paying with a Money Order or Personal Check: Just follow the on-screen prompts to complete your order. Make sure your check or money order is made payable to Bustan Urban Gardening EssentialsNote: Personal checks (as well as your order) will be held until they clear with our bank (can take up to 5 business days). When paying with cash: use our Online Shopping System to prepare your order and come to our store to pick up the items. Please call us or wait for us to send you a confirmation email to ensure that the Online Shopping System has calculated the correct shipping charges ($0). You may place an order either through the Bustan Online Store, by phone, email, or by regular old-fashioned mail. To place an order by phone: Simply call the order desk at 888-YOU-GROW or 416-922-6363.
The easiest way to do this is to use the online shopping system to prepare the order. You may then call the order desk to confirm that the Online Shopping System has calculated the correct shipping before you send us the payment.
Policies, item availability, and prices are subject to change without notice. In a continual effort to improve the products we sell, specifications, as well as product images, are subject to change. We are not responsible for any typographical errors in this website. To place and order by email: Please contact us
To mail us your order:Bustan Urban Gardening Essentials155-100 Sunrise AvenueNorth York, ONM4A 1B3
Purchasing by Minors:For the protection of our shoppers, it is our policy to not sell to minors. If you are under the legal age of majority and wish to purchase from our online store, please have a parent or legal guardian make the purchase for you.