http://www.blindsgalore.com/help-center/privacy-policy-and-security
(877) 702-5463
order status
measure
account
cart
Shades
Window Shades
Cellular & Honeycomb
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Roller Shades
Sheer Shades
Solar Screens
Skylight Shades
Pleated Shades
Outdoor Shades
Bamboo Shades
Remote Control & Motorized
Awnings
Drapery
Custom Drapery
Drapery Hardware
Drapery Panels
Valances & Cornices
All Blinds & Shades
Blinds
Window Blinds
Wood Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Mini Blinds
Venetian Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Vertical Blind Alternatives
Panel Track Blinds
Shutters
Faux Wood Shutters
Sliding Door Shutters
Vinyl Shutters
All Blinds & Shades
Rooms
Rooms In The House
Bathroom
Bedroom
Classroom
Commercial
Coastal
Dining Room
Family Room & Den
Home Theater
Kids Room
Kitchen
Living Room
Nursery
Office
Outside
RV & Motorhome
Utility Room
Windows In The House
Arched Windows
French Doors
Hard-to-Reach Windows
Large Windows
Patio Doors & Sliding Doors
Sidelights
Skylights
Features
Popular Features
Blackout
Child Safety
Cordless Shades & Blinds
Custom Graphic Shade
Day/Night Shades
Eco-Friendly
Easy Cleaning
Energy Efficient
No Tools Install
Outdoor
Paint Color Matching
Privacy
Remote Control & Motorized
Skylight Shades
Smart Home
Top Down/Bottom Up
Blogger Favorites
Shop by Color
Purpose
Purpose
Block the Light
Preserve the View
Versatile Privacy
Temperature Control
Top Rated
Odd Shaped Windows
Oversized Windows
Easy to Install
Child Safe and Family Friendly
Moisture Resistant
Latest and Greatest
Easy to Clean
Get Inspired
Alexa Smart Blinds
Google Smart Blinds
Smart Blinds Overview
Brands
Bali
BG Kids
Blindsgalore
BG Boutique
Coolaroo
Create Your Own
Expressions
Levolor
Simple Fit
Simply Chic
Help
Help
Get Started
Free Samples
Our Guarantee
Our Difference
Ask the Expert
The Ultimate Guide
BeHome Blog Advice
Window Treatment Ideas
Meet Us
Room Inspiration
Trade Program
Property Management
Why Blindsgalore
Get It Done
Measuring
Installing
Find a Pro
Window Jargon
Blind and Shade Care
Safe Home
Help
Order Status
Delivery Estimates
Your Account
Your Account
three days only    to  up to 50% off everything*    sales end 12/10
Home
Help Center
Privacy Notice and Policy
Privacy Notice and Policy
At Blindsgalore we understand that your privacy and security are extremely important. Because we appreciate your trust, we will never rent or sell any of your information to a third party. By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of certain information by Blindsgalore. Any changes in our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
What do we do to ensure your security?
To ensure your security, Blindsgalore has gone to great lengths to guarantee that your
personal information will be safe. We want to give you a worry-free ordering experience which is why our site uses Secure
Server Technology (SSL 3.0) which encrypts all of your personal information. Your credit card number, e-mail address, and
phone number are all protected as they travel though our shopping cart network. To further ensure the security of your
personal information, Blindsgalore has strict policies towards how its employees can use and access your personal information.
Only authorized personnel are permitted access to your personal data.
Blindsgalore’s authorized personnel sometimes include trusted third parties that: track orders placed through Adwords and Bing Ads; provide our email service (ESP); are certain advertising platforms; are social shopping channels; provide on-site email pop-ups and widgets; record user sessions for optimization; provide analytics platforms; provide A/B testing solutions; manage tags; are a marketing agency; provide security scans; are affiliate networks; provide product recommendations; collects user reviews for you; coordinates referrals for you; tracks orders placed through certain advertisements; and are customer support tools. Each of these third parties keeps certain personal information for varying certain periods of time in order to and only to effectively enhance your experience at Blindsgalore.
For your privacy, Blindsgalore and its third party providers do not collect information on your: race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic or biometric data, health or mortality, or sex life or sexual orientation.
Security Seals and Accredited Links
This site chose VeriSign SSL for secure e-commerce and confidential communications.
What information does Blindsgalore collect?
At the point of a sale in the shopping cart process, Blindsgalore will gather certain information such as your name, email address, billing and shipping address, and credit card information. For your protection your credit card information is not stored in our databases. All of our credit card transactions are approved online at the time of placing your order and are transacted by CyberSource. Because your products will be custom made to fit your window, your card will be charged right away in order to begin the production of your order. We do not search your computer for other information or transmit information to any other location.
Why do we gather visitor information?
The information gathered as part of your purchasing is used only to process your purchase and provide you with information about your purchase, such as order confirmations. Once you have placed your order, we may use your email address to tell you about upcoming sales, special offers and new products launches.
The information you submit online is sent securely to Blindsgalore where authorized personnel process your order. We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information, including credit cards and passwords - none of which is shared with our manufacturers.
Shipping information, including your name, phone number, and mailing address, is shared with the manufacturers and shipping companies so that you may receive your order. Furthermore, all of our vendors abide by strict privacy and security policies to ensure that this information is only used for the purposes intended - to process your order quickly, accurately and to your satisfaction.
What do we do with this information?
From time to time, Blindsgalore will send promotional emails regarding new products and offers available on our website. After signing up to receive information from Blindsgalore you may opt out of receiving further information from Blindsgalore at any time by following the link provided in each newsletter. If we do collect information for any other purpose, we will always inform you when we collect the information.
We will disclose information that we gather only in the aggregate in order to analyze our usage, attract advertisers, corporate sponsors or merchant affiliates. We take great care and caution to keep whatever information we gather safe. No personal information is ever used for these purposes.
How do we collect visitor information?
Blindsgalore uses a technology called "cookies," which you have the option of turning off through your internet browser.
They are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. In no way can they harm your computer,
and only the website that places a cookie on your computer is allowed to read it. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information,
but they do enable us to deliver a customized visitor experience when you visit www.blindsgalore.com. For example, cookies allow us to "remember"
the contents of your shopping cart.
Blindsgalore uses third-party companies and advertisers to provide tracking and analysis of information and data collected from visitors to our website.
These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information and data
that these third parties collect on our behalf via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. These companies are contractually restricted from using your information
in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with products available on our site. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. They do not know the name, phone number, postal address, email address or any other personal
information about the user because this information is made anonymous before it reaches the provider. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
We partner with Rakuten Marketing, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here:
https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/subject-requests/
All information you provide to us is confidential. Your information will never be sold or shared with other companies.
Contacting Us
As our honored customer you have the right to be informed of further details of your privacy at Blindsgalore if you so desire, the right to access information we hold on your person, the right to correct your personal information and to know other details of your own privacy in relation to Blindsgalore. If you believe a data breach has occurred, please do not hesitate to contact us. In the unlikely event we believe a data breach involving your personal information has occurred, we will inform you immediately. If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our privacy policy or our use of visitor information please contact our Customer Service Department using our online form, call us at 1 (877) 702-5463, or write us at Blindsgalore Re: Privacy & Security Policy, 5744 Pacific Center Blvd. Suite 306, San Diego, CA 92121.
Copyright Information
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of Blindsgalore or its suppliers, and is protected by U.S.and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property Blindsgalore or its software suppliers and protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
"Blindsgalore," "Measure Right," "Blinds Finder," "Your On-line Window Covering Superstore" are registered trademarks of Blindsgalore in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries. Blindsgalore graphics, logos and service names are registered trademarks of Blindsgalore. Blindsgalore trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Blindsgalore, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Blindsgalore.
Disclaimers
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY BLINDSGALORE ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. BLINDSGALORE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, BLINDSGALORE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BLINDSGALORE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Fair Credit Billing Act
We are so certain that your credit card information will never fall into the wrong hands that we make the following promise: if your credit card information is ever compromised as a result of using our site, Blindsgalore will pay your credit card deductible.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, Blindsgalore will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. Blindsgalore will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at Blindsgalore while using the secure server.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by Blindsgalore in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State of California will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
Customer Care
My Account
Samples
Measuring
Ordering
Klarna
Contact Us
Installing
Product Specifics
Privacy Policy & Security
Shipping
Find a Pro
Window Treatment Ideas
Brand Warranties
Reviews & Testimonials
Contact Us
Call 1 (877) 702-5463
Fax 1 (858) 642-6841
customercare@blindsgalore.com
About Us
Meet Us
Testimonials
* Sale excludes outdoor awnings, select boutique products, and products receiving free promotional upgrades.
* Free shipping on all orders up to 94" in width or vertical blinds under 94" in height and within the contiguous United States.
* No sales tax except for residents of CA and WA.
* Starting price is for 24x36 window treatments.
get free shipping on orders to the contiguous U.S.*
talk to an expert toll free1 (877) 702-5463
100% custom made always crafted just for you
love it or exchange it for free
sign me up for special offers
Shop Shades
Cellular & Honeycomb
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Roller Shades
Sheer Shades
Solar Screens
Skylight Shades
Pleated Shades
Shutters
Outdoor Shades
Custom Drapery
Valances & Cornices
Shop Blinds
Wood Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Shutters
Mini Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Panel Track Blinds
Customer Care
Measuring
Installing
Shipping
Delivery Estimates
Returns
About Us
Trade Program
Refer a Friend
Our Guarantee
Meet Us
Contact Us
Safe & Secure
Copyright © 1999-
Homesublime, LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Policy Information    Price Guarantee    Site Map    Child Safety