https://www.bestbuypoolsupply.com/policies.htm
Best Buy Pool Supply
Pools
Above Ground Pools
Pool Cleaners
Pool Chemicals
Pool Control Systems
Pool Covers
Diving Boards
Pool Filters
Filter Cartridges
Pool Floats
Pool Heaters
Pool Ladders
Pool Lights
Pool Liners
Mineral Purifiers
Pool Ozonators
Pool Paint
Plumbing Supplies
Pool Pumps
Replacement Parts
Pool Safety
Salt Chlorinators
Pool Slides
Pool Steps
Pool Timers
Pool Toys
Pool Waterfalls
Spas
Spa Chemicals
Mineral Purifiers
Spa Covers & Lifts
Spa Cleaners
Spa Heaters
Spa Filters
Filter Cartridges
Spa Pumps
Spa Ozonators
Air Switches
Spa Blowers
Saunas
Rec Room
Air Hockey
Foosball
Pool Tables
Shuffleboard
Table Tennis Tables
800-877-1268My Account
Home
>
Guarantee, Policies
Store Policies and Guarantee
All products sold at Best Buy Pool Supply come with a full manufacturer warranty. In the event you feel you have a defective product, please contact the manufacturer technical service department first to try to remedy the problem prior to contacting Best Buy. Feel free to contact us if you require assistance. At Best Buy Pool Supply we can provide a warranty exchange service for most of the products we sell, in the event there isn't a local repair facility. Most manufacturer warranties require Installation & Repair be provided by a qualified professional. We recommend saving your installation invoice for future reference should a warranty issue arise.
At Best Buy Pool Supply we make every effort to keep the product warranty information up to date on our site, but manufacturers are continuously changing their warranty terms. Best Buy cannot be held liable for these warranty changes by the manufacturer. Always refer to the warranty terms within your Owners Manual in these cases as the manufacturer will honor the terms in the manual
Click here to learn about our exclusive Premium Warranty Support Option
Returns of non-defective ( In New Condition ) merchandise to BEST BUY POOL SUPPLY is permitted for any reason within 30 days of purchase date. There will be up to a 20% or a $5.00 re-stocking fee on all returned items (whichever is greatest). Due to the nature of the following products, all sales are final on these items: All pool chemicals (government regulations), test kits, alarms, swimming pools, robotic cleaners, slides, pool lifts, spas and heaters. These items come with manufacturer warranties which will still apply.
Returns to BEST BUY POOL SUPPLY must be made within 30 days of the invoice date. Please use the Returns link at the bottom of all of our web pages to receive an RGA number prior to returning goods. Items returned without an RGA number will be refused. The RGA number is good for only one (1) item and must match the item authorized for return. Returned merchandise must be in the original box and in resalable condition and include all literature, warranty cards etc. Buyer is responsible for all shipping costs. Special order products may only be returned if defective for replacement and not for refund. Your account will be credited the full amount of the returned item less any applicable charges. Please allow 2 weeks for refunds to be processed and credited to your account.
It is the financial responsibility of the customer when any shipment is refused or denied delivery. This financial responsibility includes all shipping costs, restock fee, warehouse storage fees and any other charges associated with a refused or denied shipment.
All returns should be sent via UPS or Federal Express. Do not ship via US Post. We suggest you insure your returns. BEST BUY POOL SUPPLY is not responsible for returns that are lost or damaged in shipment.
At Best Buy Pool Supply we are dedicated to providing the highest quality pool supplies at the lowest possible prices. We however reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Possession of printed material downloaded from our website does not constitute a binding agreement. Customers are frequently notified prior to completing their order to confirm information and correct pricing errors.
Orders shipped to a Massachusetts address will be charged Massachusetts Sales Tax.
Products, pricing, and specifications are subject to change without notice.
WHY NO PRICE? Some of our manufacturerís internet policies will not permit us to list our best prices. Often timeís manufacturers will allow pricing to be posted online if the pricing follows their set internet MAP (minimum advertised price). This ìMAPî pricing may not allow us to offer you our best prices. For this reason some products feature the ìEmail For Quotes & Orders Callî option. This will ensure that we are providing you with the most competitive prices. Sorry for the inconvenience. We do look forward to speaking with you at (800) 877-1268.
Product substitutions may be necessary at times due to out of stock conditions. The substitutions would be of equal or greater value to the item ordered and of equal quality and functionality. Best Buy Pool Supply is not responsible for typographical errors which may occasionally occur in descriptions and pricing.
Pictures on the site are representations of the products sold and may not exactly match what you receive.
Best Buy Pool Supply expressly disclaims liability for any injury, or damage of any kind arising from the use or inability to use any item we sell. Our only obligation is to replace an item that is delivered defective, and that obligation is limited.
International orders and orders outside the Continental US
Overseas orders (those outside of the Continental US) are subject to a $150.00 US minimum order. We will check with you by email regarding the shipping cost prior to shipment. All customs and duties charges are paid by the recipient. Due to a large volume of credit card fraud on overseas orders, Best Buy Pool Supply requires a wire transfer on these orders. We will provide the wire transfer information to you at the time of your order
Orders within the continental US
All domestic orders will be shipped ground unless otherwise specified. Ground shipping on our site is for the continental US only. If you live in Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico etc. we will email you with the shipping cost ASAP. Most orders are shipped within 24 hours. You can expect to receive your order in 2-6 business days depending on your location. Seasonal items such as safety covers, winter covers etc. can take longer due to high seasonal demand. Call for availability of these items. NOTE: Take care when entering your shipping address, as FedEx and UPS charge an extra handling fee (up to $20.00) if your address needs to be corrected after your order has shipped. This fee will be passed along to you.
In an effort to prevent fraud and protect our customers, all orders placed can only be shipped to the valid credit card Billing Address.
Customer Information
All customer information provided to Best Buy Pool Supply for the purpose of ordering and correspondence is held in the strictest confidence and will not be released to any other party.
Governing Law
Transactions between you and Best Buy Pool Supply.com shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without regard to the laws regarding conflicts of law. Any litigation regarding this agreement or any transaction between customer and Best Buy Pool Supply.com. shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Massachusetts and the customer hereby agrees and submits to such jurisdiction and venue as proper.
Shipment Method
Unless otherwise arranged, we ship FedEx (main carrier), UPS, US Post or freight line. All shipments are "SP-PPA" (FOB shipping point prepaid and added). You own the merchandise while it is in transit. If there are any damage claims, you as the buyer, file against the shipping company and will receive compensation directly from them. We do this because we are not there personally to inspect/accept the shipment when it arrives. We don't know your receiving conditions. Best Buy Pool Supply will provide any shipping documentation and assistance required for your claim to be completed.
Damages or shortages must be reported to the delivering carrier or truck driver immediately upon receipt and so noted on the Bill of Lading before acceptance of the shipment is made. Deviating from this procedure will result in an unenforceable claim against the delivering carrier or Best Buy Pool Supply.com.
Title To Products
Title is transferred to you when product is shipped either FEDEX, UPS, US Post or by freight line.
Best Buy Pool Supply Guarantee
We have worked hard to bring you the best values on the net. At Best Buy Pool Supply we consider the value of a product to be a combination of a great low price and great customer service. Pool products are highly specialized, and in many cases require a technical background to determine the best choice for a particular application. We pride ourselves on getting you the right product the first time.
Most online pool stores are simply product brokers with no real inventory or product experience. If they don't answer the phone when you're ready to buy, good luck getting them on the phone if you have a problem. At Best Buy Pool Supply we staff both Sales and Customer Service Professionals for your convenience and we stock the products we sell for quick shipment.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or Best Buy Pool Supply.com. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
matt@bestbuypoolsupply.com
matt@bestbuypoolsupply.com
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at /policies.htm
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 07/15/2016
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
sales@bestbuypoolsupply.com
.
POOL CHEMICALS
Chlorine Tabs
Pool Shock
Algaecides
Balancers
Mineral Purifiers
POOL EQUIPMENT
DE Grids
Pool Cleaners
Pool Filters
Pool Heaters
Pool Heat Pumps
Pool Pumps
Replacement Motors
Replacement Salt Cells
Salt Chlorinators
POOL LINERS
Above Ground Liners
Inground Pool Liners
Liner Accessories
POOL COVERS
Solar Covers & Reels
Safety Covers
Winter Covers
POOLS
Above Ground Pools
Inground Pool Kits
On Ground Pools
BUILDER/OWNER/DIY SUPPLIES
Waterfalls
Plumbing Supplies
Pool & Deck Paint
POOL ACCESSORIES
Pool Maintenance and Accessories
Pool Ladders & Steps
POOL CLOSING
Winter Covers - AG
Winter Covers - IG
Safety Covers
Winterizing Products
Sign up to receive special offers
Pool Tips
Tech Tips
Quick Tech Forms
FAQ's
How-To Videos
Blog
Store Information
Contact Us
Policies
Privacy Policy
Returns
Ordering
Shipping Costs
International Shipping
Product Rebate Offers
Manufacturer Info
Installers
Order Tracking
Gifts & Specials
Clearance Items
Gift Certificates
Why Choose Us
Installer Program
Copyright © 1998-2018 by Best Buy Pool Supply, all rights reserved. Text, graphics, and HTML code on this entire website are protected by US and International Copyright Laws, and may not be copied, reprinted, published,translated, hosted, or otherwise distributed by any means without explicit written permission.