http://www.clarksoutdoorchairs.com/privacy_policy.html
Home   |   Product Search   |   Site Map   |   Checkout   |   Track Your Order   |
search
Clarks Outdoor Chairs  ›  Privacy Policy
We can be reached via e-mail at: customerservice@clarksoutdoorchairs.com
Privacy Statement
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
Clarks Outdoor Chairs does not collect any personal private information from you and then pass it along to a third party. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.  Information data collected during a sales transaction is only used by us for our company records.  (See Sales Data Services Below)
Credit Card Transactions
Your name, address, phone number, email address and card numbers are needed to confirm approval by our payment gateway provider, Authorize.Net for all credit card transactions. For your protection Secure Sockets Layer (SSL Encryption) technology is used to encrypt your credit card information you send over the internet during "Transaction" data transfer by Authorize.Net. Only the last four digits of a credit card number are ever seen.  How can you tell if an Internet connection is actually using SSL Encryption even though they inform you they are using this technology? The best and easiest way to check for yourself is by seeing if the web address on the page that asks for your credit card information begins with "https:" instead of "http:", if so this technology is in place.   Our site becomes secure once you enter the checkout stage of placing an order.
Sales Data Services:  Authorize.Net Services ("Data") collects our customer names, mailing and shipping addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, dollar amount of purchases, types of purchases and descriptions of purchases for the purpose of providing us information for our company records (No credit card numbers are collected). We do currently use this service. Our web hosting company also provides us with records of all sales transactions (No card numbers) which we do not retain for our company records.
Current Authorize.Net privacy policy is available at:  www.authorize.net/company/privacy.php
About Us  ·  Contact Us  ·  Testimonials  ·  Guarantee and Warranty  ·  Ordering and Shipping  ·  Privacy Policy  ·  Outdoor Furniture Articles  ·  Adirondack Chair History
Copyright © Clarks Outdoor Chairs Lexington, KY
customerservice@clarksoutdoorchairs.com