https://www.aussieproducts.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
|
|
|
|
|
Toggle Left Bar
WEEKLY SPECIALS
EVENT RENTAL (HUGE CLEARANCE SALE)
WHAT'S ON SALE!
Australia
British and Irish
All Countries Two For One Sale
All Countries 25% Off
All Countries Clearance Items
CLEARANCE!
CLEARANCE!
Aboriginal
Art Panels
Books, DVD's & CD's
Boomerangs
Bull Roarers & Click Sticks
Didgeridoos & Protective Bags
Dot Art Wall Animals
Pottery
Aussie Animals
Canned Animals
Clip-on/Keychains Animals
Inflatable Animals
Plush Animals
Statuettes & Figuerines
Aussie Foods
Arnott's Biscuits
Aussie Spreads
Cadbury Chocolates
Cereal
Condiments & Sauces
Cordials & Soda
Crackers, Twisties & Chips
Desserts and Mixes
Fruit - Canned, Dried, Glace & Ginger
Lollies & Licorice
Meat Pies, Pasties, Sausage Rolls, Bacon & Sausages
Soups
Spices & Seasoning
Tea & Coffee
Tim Tams
Aussie Pharmacy
Quick-Eze
Ribena
Salvital
Tea Tree Products
Teething Rusks
Baby Corner
Blundstone Boots
Original 500 Series
Suede Original Series
Super 550 Series
Thermal Series
Lace-Up Original Series
Dress Series
Active Series
Women's High Tops
Women's 500 Series
Women's Super 550 Series
Women's Thermal Series
Women's Lace-Up Original Series
Women's Dress Series
Women's Heel Style
Work Safety Series
Books, DVD's & CD's
Activity & Educational Books
Childrens Classics
Coffee Table/Steve Parish
Discover & Learn/Field Guides
DVD's & CD's
Fact & Reference Books
Jigsaw & Puzzle Books
Paperback
Toddler, 0-8 Reading & Picture Books
Celebrate Australia - Flags, etc.
Australian Flags/Green & Gold
Meat Pies, Pasties, Sausage Rolls & Sausages
Celebrate New Zealand - Flags
Christmas Downunder
Cakes, Puddings & Custard
Christmas Crackers, Cards & Music
Christmas Decor & Stocking Stuffers
Gift Boxes, Crates, Mugs & Totes
Glace Fruit
Down Under Delights
Lamingtons
Meat Pies
Pasties
Sausage Rolls
Easter
Fine Art Prints
Dr. John Xiong
Footwear
Blundstone Boots
Koala Slippers (adult and child)/Fuzzie Footies/Wool Socks
Sheepskin Boots, Slippers & Insoles
Gift Boxes, Crates, Mugs & Totes
Gift Certificates
Hats & Caps
Aussie Sun Hats/Slouch Hats/Umbrella Hats
Akubra Hats
Baseball Caps/Beanies/Visors
Health & Beauty
Health & Beauty Products
Tea Tree Products
Jewelry & Watches
Beate's Hand Painted Porcelain
Brooches/Tie Pins
Charms, Phone Charms & Keychains
Earrings
Pendants
Pins
Watches
Kangaroo Collectibles
Kitchen & Home Decor
Aprons, Oven Mitts & Tea Towels
Gift Totes
Kitchenware
Paper Napkins, Plates & Cups
Pottery & Pewter
Statuettes & Figurines
Children's Room
Koala Collectibles
Laundry
Napisan, Sard & Eucalyptus
Outback Clothing/Accessories
Aussie Fabrics & Embroidered Patches
Akubra Hats
Beach Towels
Driz-a-bone Coats
Gloves, Scarves, Belts & Ties
T-Shirts & Sweatshirts
Shirts & Shorts
Wallets & Pouches
Pet Products
Puzzles, Games
& Sports
Road Signs
On Board 5"x5"
Road 15"x15"
Sheepskin Products
Car Seat Covers & Accessories
Medical Sheepskin
Rugs & Cushions
Sheepskin Boots, Slippers & Insoles
Stationery
Bookmarks
Calendars, Diaries & Address Books
Desktop & Stationery Accessories
Gift Wrap, Cards & Postcards
Magnets
Maps & Travel
Pens, Pencils & Rulers
Posters & Prints
Stickers & Tattoos
The Pub
The World Famous Tim Tam
Australia's Favourite-Vegemite
British Christmas
British Easter
British Foods
British Beverages
British Biscuits
British Cereal
British Chocolates & Sweets
British Christmas
British Condiments & Sauces
British Crisps & Snacks
British Desserts and Mixes
British Easter
British Frozen Foods
British Fruit - Canned, Dried,Glace & Ginger
British Grocery
British Meat Pies, Pasties, Bangers & Bacon
British Soups
British Spices & Seasoning
British Spreads
British Tea
British Flags and Decals
British Health & Beauty Products
IRISH FOOD
ACCOUNT INFO
View Basket
Order Status
Address Book
My Wish List
Tweets by @aussieproducts
Companies that we work with past/present:
Perserving Stories. Writing memoirs. Legacy Letters. Anniversaries. corporate Histories. Peta@vidavoce.com (408) 394-7889
G' Day From the Staff at Australian Products Co LLC.
We have created this statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy and security.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our clients and partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Home and business phone number
Other personal information (i.e. mother’s maiden name)
Email Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed under our traditional company standards designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information. As a customer, you will be given the opportunity, at least once annually, to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers.
What Are Cookies? Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s Web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users’ browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Web site’s visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our client, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by clicking on a response box when you receive such an offer or by sending us an email request at aussieproducts@aussieproducts.com
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to us on our Web site, a secure server software which we have licensed encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security. We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with company policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations. Our company values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing aussieproducts@aussieproducts.com
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
No, we at Australian Products understand your need for privacy and, unlike other companies, will never share our customer information with ANY outside companies.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor are we responsible for the information or content contained therein. Your information is not provided to these websites. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our website.
About Us
Size Charts
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Site Map
Login / Register
View Cart
Shipping Policy
Meet the Staff
Contact Us