https://www.starwest-botanicals.com/privacy.html
We are open and shipping, but shipments may be delayed 2-5+ business days. Read More
Customer Service
: 1-800-800-4372
Wholesale Customer? Click Here
Log In
My Account
About Us
Specials
Blog
Help
Starwest Botanicals
0
Item(s)
$0.00
More Info
Search:
Bulk Herbs & SpicesBulk HerbsSpices & Seasoning BlendsOrganic Spices in Jars & PouchesCertified Organic Sprouting SeedsChili PeppersCinnamonDehydrated VegetablesEchinaceaGinseng Roots & PowdersLavenderOrganic GreenPower BlendPepperStandardized Herbal Extract PowdersSea VegetablesBaking IngredientsBody CareBulk Gourmet SaltSupplementsHennaCharcoalBulk TeaLoose Organic Tea & Organic Tea BlendsLoose Leaf Black TeaLoose Oolong TeaLoose Green TeaMatcha TeaLoose White TeaLoose Fair Trade Certified TeaLoose Functional Tea BlendsLoose Herbal Tea BlendsLoose Scented & Flavored TeasLoose Chai Tea & Chai Tea BlendsBulk Tea BagsBulk Iced Tea BagsEssiac TeaYerba Mate TeaBeverage Blends & MixesEssential OilsEssential OilsOrganic Essential OilsEssential Oils BlendsHerbal CapsulesHerb CapsulesStandardized Herbal Extract CapsulesHerbal Formula CapsulesHerbal ExtractsLiquid Herbal ExtractsHerbal Extract FormulasSatori™ Vocal RescueAlcohol-Free Flavors & Flavor ExtractsNatural Body CareNatural Oils & Skin Care ProductsCastile SoapVegetable OilsVegetable GlycerineInfused Herbal OilsWitch Hazel ExtractMassage OilsFlower WatersHydrosolsOrganic Lavender Dryer BagsBath Salt BlendsHerbal Bath Blends & BagsHerbal Body Care BlendsTouch-OnsEscentual™ Fragrance OilsEscentual™ Massage OilsBeeswaxTopical ButtersAccessoriesEmpty CapsulesCapsule Machines & OrganizersSmudgesStarwest Press-N-Brew Tea BagsStarwest Culinary BagsSprouting AccessoriesAromatherapy AccessoriesNatural Air FreshenersMeasuring AccessoriesSpice & Culinary AccessoriesIncense Holders & AccessoriesMortars & PestlesTea AccessoriesPortable MixersSea SpongesBottles & ContainersReference MaterialsVendor ProductsShop OrganicBulk Organic HerbsOrganic Spices & SeasoningsOrganic Spices in Jars & PouchesOrganic GreenPower BlendOrganic Sprouting SeedsLoose Organic Teas, Tea Blends, and Tea BagsOrganic Essential OilsOrganic Bath & Dryer BagsOrganic Herbal ExtractsOrganic Alcohol-Free Flavors
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 19th, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes Starwest Botanical's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal and personally identifiable information when You use the Website.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Website. By using the Website, You agree to the collection and use of Your personal and personally identifiable information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You means the individual accessing or using the Website, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Website, as applicable.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Starwest Botanicals, Inc., 161 Main Ave, Sacramento CA 95838.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Website or parts of our Website.
Website refers to Starwest Botanicals, accessible from https://www.starwest-botanicals.com and https://wholesale.starwest-botanicals.com
Country refers to: California, United States
Website Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Website, to provide the Website on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Website or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Website is used.
Third-party Social Media Website refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Website.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Device means any device that can access the Website such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Website or from the Website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Business, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Consumer, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Sale, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Website, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Usage Data
Purchase History
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Website.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Website by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Website or when You access the Website by or through a mobile device.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Website and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Website.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Website.
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser. Learn more about cookies: All About Cookies.
We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Third-party cookies may also be set by service providers listed below.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To fulfill your orders and other requests.
To provide and maintain our Website, including to monitor the usage of our Website.
To manage Your Account: To manage Your registration as a user of the Website. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Website that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: The development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Website.
To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Website Providers: We may share Your personal information with Website Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website, to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Website, for payment processing, to contact You.
For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: When You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Website, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Website may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Website, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Website or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Website Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Website Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Mailchimp
Mailchimp is an email marketing sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.
For more information on the privacy practices of Mailchimp, please visit their Privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
GetResponse
GetResponse is an email marketing sending service provided by GetResponse.
For more information on the privacy practices of GetResponse, please visit their Privacy policy: https://www.getresponse.com/legal/privacy.html
Klaviyo
Klaviyo is an email marketing sending service provided by Klaviyo.
For more information on the privacy practices of Klaviyo, please visit their Privacy policy: https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Website. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Wex, Inc.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.wexinc.com/privacy-policy/.
Behavioral Remarketing
The Company uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to You after You visited our Website. We and Our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on Your past visits to our Website.
Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Microsoft Advertising (formerly Bing Ads)
Microsoft Advertising remarketing service is provided by Microsoft Corporation.
To opt-out from Microsoft's personalized ads, please visit: https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out
Microsoft Advertising allows us to retrace the user activities on the Website, provided that the user reached the Website through an advertisement provided by Microsoft Advertising. A cookie is set on the Device to allow us and Microsoft to understand that a user clicked on a Microsoft Advertising advertisement and was redirected to the Website. We only learn the total amount of users that have clicked on a Microsoft Advertising advertisement and that have been redirected to the Website. No Personal Data of the respective user is processed.
Microsoft is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby assures compliance with European Union and United States data protection laws (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000KzNaAAK&status=Active).
For more information on the privacy practices of Microsoft, please visit Microsoft's Privacy Statement: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Usage, Performance and Miscellaneous
We may use third-party Website Providers to provide better improvement of our Website.
Google Analytics
We use a web analysis service named Google Analytics. Google Analytics is operated by Google LLC.
Google Analytics may collect information from You and from Your Device such as how often users visit the Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they visited prior to coming to this Website. We use the information from Google Analytics to maintain and improve the Website, our products, and user experience. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby assures compliance with European Union and United States data protection laws (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active)
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
We use an invisible captcha service named reCAPTCHA. reCAPTCHA is operated by Google.
The reCAPTCHA service may collect information from You and from Your Device for security purposes.
The information gathered by reCAPTCHA is held in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Places
Google Places is a service that returns information about places using HTTP requests. It is operated by Google
Google Places service may collect information from You and from Your Device for security purposes.
The information gathered by Google Places is held in accordance with the Privacy Policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Zendesk
Zendesk is a customer support ticketing system that processes and organizes online customer correspondence. It is operated by Zendesk, Inc.
Zendesk collect information from You for technical processing only and does not pass them on to third parties. Additional personal information may be necessary during the processing of service requests in order to fulfill them.
Zendesk is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thereby assures compliance with European Union and United States data protection laws (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TOjeAAG&status=Active)
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/
Jotform
Jotform is a service that provides the ability to create custom forms and gather the information that is submitted.
Jotform collect information from You and Your Device to process service requests. The information collected includes the information requested on the form, the date it was submitted, and Your Device’s IP address.
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.jotform.com/privacy/
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by email at websupport@starwest-botanicals.com.
The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email us at websupport@starwest-botanicals.com.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Website Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Website that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA law.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. Our website is not currently set up to respond to browser do-not-track signals, but you can configure your browser settings to reject all cookies or prompt you before a cookie is set. To fully opt out of receiving advertisements from our Website Providers, you are instructed to adjust your browser settings to reject or block all such cookies.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Website does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
Please note that your request is persuant to the California Shine the Light Law when contacting us.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
We do not knowingly provide service to minors or collect their personal information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: websupport@starwest-botanicals.com
Contact Info
Starwest Botanicals, Inc.
161 Main Ave
Sacramento, CA 95838
Toll-free: (800) 800-4372
International: (916) 638-8100
Fax: (916) 853-9673
Hours: 8 AM to 4:30 PM PST,
Monday through Friday.
More Information
About Us
Satisfaction Guarantee
Statement of Quality
Quality Control
Environmental Awareness
Blog
Customer Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Shipping & Returns
FAQ’s
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Contact Us
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
FAQ’s
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Satisfaction Guarantee
Contact Us
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
About
About Us
Environmental Awareness
Statement of Quality
Affiliate Program
Customer Testimonials
Like us on Facebook!
My Account
Log In or Register
My Account
Order Status/History
My Shopping Cart
Quick Order
Specials
Starwest Sites
Starwest Retail
Starwest Wholesale
Starwest Bulk
More Info
Blog
Articles
Recipes
Botanical Names for Herbs
Herbs for Tea
Wildcrafted Herbs
Copyright ©2000-2020&nbspStarwest Botanicals   Terms of Use
Questions? 1-800-800-4372 (Monday - Friday, 8 AM - 4:30 PM PST)
161 Main Ave., Sacramento, CA 95838
Information and statements about the products on this site have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or for prescribing any medication. We recommend that you consult with a qualified healthcare practitioner before using any herbal products, particularly if you are pregnant, nursing, or on any medications.
loading...