https://www.bowlingshirt.com/privacy/
Login
0 items in cart
1-(800) 444-1685
Office Hours: M-F 9 a.m.- 5 p.m. Central Time
If you'd prefer to email us to obtain a quote or call back, please email us at: sales@bowlingshirt.com
SHOP NOW
50's Style Bowling Shirts:
Retro Clothing
Custom Bowling Shirts & T-Shirts:
Customized Retro Clothing
Pre-Printed Bowling Shirts With Designs
Custom Shirts by Interest
Men's & Ladies Polo Shirts
Discount Bowling Shirts
Kids Shirts
Funny Bowling T-Shirts
Retro Apparel
Party Supplies
Kid's Birthday Bowling Parties
Personalized Baby Gifts & More
Graphic T-Shirts
Shop All Shirts By Price
Gift Certificates
Outerwear
Our Customers Say:
Terms of Use
Welcome to BowlingShirt.com / Cruisin' USA . Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our Site. Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those terms (the "Agreement").
General
We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time.
SITE CONTENTS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, and written and other materials that appear as part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Cruisin' USA, Inc. collectively, and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates ("Cruisin' USA", "BowlingShirt.com"). The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Cruisin' USA.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our site) use by the users of our Site. You may not reproduce, copy, publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
Privacy Policy
Cruisin' USA knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Cruisin' USA website, BowlingShirt.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Cruisin' USA Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Cruisin' USA. We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
You may opt out of any future contracts from us at any time. you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• See what data we have about you,if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Does Cruisin' USA Share The Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
• We protect the security of your information during transmission by using Authorize.net security software, which encrypts information you input.
• It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you still feel uncomfortable with online ordering, please use these other ordering methods:
Call us toll free - (800)444-1685 Monday-Friday 9am-5pm Central Standard time to speak with a sales associate.
Fax your orders 24 hours a day - (314)426-1713
Mail your order with a check or money order payable to Cruisin' USA - 6262 Olive Blvd. Saint Louis, MO 63130
Information You Give Us
You provide information when you log in, search, buy, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order, communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; content of e-mails to us.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform.
Changes to this Policy
We may make changes to this privacy notice from time to time. You may check back on this page at any time to see our current policy.
If you feel we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-444-1685 or via email at Webmaster@cruisinusa.com
Go
Advanced
Company Links
About
FAQ
Contact Us
Bowling Proprietor
Sizing
Shipping
Wholesale
Affiliate Program
Fun Links
Testimonials
Customer Photos
Cool Links
Copyright ©
Cruisin USA - All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Site Map