http://www.sisterray.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
New Releases
Pre Orders
Exclusives
RSD Releases
Buzz
About Us
Contact Us
Record Store Day
Blog
Account
30 Years ExperienceAs one of the UK’s foremost record shops we’ve been selling music from the heart of London’s Soho for 30 years.
Fast DeliveryWe aim to ship as soon as we are able. Rely on us to get your music to you as quickly and efficiently as possible.
Safe & SecureThere would be no point in spending a shitload of money on a website that was insecure. That’s why we’ve partnered with the best companies to keep everything nailed on safe. If there is a certificate we’ve missed out on then it’s probably for a 50 metre swim badge at the local swimming baths.
FREE SHIPPINGEasy. If you are a UK based customer and we are shipping to a UK address then shipping is free if you spend £75 or more in a single order.
Privacy Policy
Sisterray.co.uk is owned and managed by Sister Ray (2008) Limited (a company registered in England and Wales; 06713667). Our registered address is Sister Ray (2008) Limited, 100 Church Road, Brighton, East Sussex BN1 1UJ, UK. Our email address is webmaster@sisterray.co.uk and our telephone number is +44 (0)20 7734 3297.
This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Web Site and any Services or Systems therein.
Data Collected
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected:
Name;
Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
A list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this Web Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected); and
Cookie information (see section below).
Our Use Of Data
Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Sister Ray for as long as you use the Services and Systems provided on the Web Site.
Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so your Data will not be disclosed to third parties.
Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Web Site.
How we use this data and the legal basis for this use:
To fulfil any order or contract, for example, if you make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to receive services. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it;
to comply with our legal obligations;
with your consent to respond to any requests in relation to your data and per your legal rights and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any requests received from you or from others, about our website or services;
we may use information you provide to personalise 1. our communications to you; 2. our website; and 3. products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
to monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
in circumstances where you contact us by live chat, transcripts will be stored for quality, training and security purposes, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
in circumstances where you contact us by email, transcripts will be stored for quality, training and security purposes, in accordance with our legitimate interests;
in circumstances where you contact us by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes, in accordance with our legitimate interests; and
to market to you using third-party dynamic retargeting;
we may use your data to invite you to take part in market research or surveys.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
Sister Ray do not hold any of your credit card information.
Controlling Access To Your Data
Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data.  This may include the following:
Use of Data for direct marketing purposes; we may also share your personal data with the below third parties:
our professional advisors, external legal advisors and financial advisors;
marketing and communications agencies where they have agreed to process your personal data in line with this Privacy Notice;
our suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors; and/or
search engine and web analytics.
Personal data may be shared with government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required for the purposes above, if mandated by law or if needed for the legal protection of our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable laws. Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers who will process it on behalf of Sister Ray for the purposes above. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, providers of website hosting, security, finance applications, logistics partners and payment providers.
In the event that our business or any part of it is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and those of any prospective purchaser and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at webmaster@sisterray.co.uk or mailing us at:
Sister Ray (2008) Limited, 100 Church Road, Brighton, East Sussex BN1 1UJ
Accessing Your Own Data
You may access your Account at any time to view or amend the Data.  You may need to modify or update your Data if your circumstances change.  Additional Data as to your marketing preferences may also be stored and you may change this at any time. Simply log into your account and update your information.
Third Party Web Sites And Services
Sister Ray may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment handling, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing.  The providers of such services do have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Web Site.  Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that Sister Ray requests.  Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited.
Security
Data security is of great importance to Sister Ray. To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Our store is hosted on Woo Commerce They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Woo Commerce’s data storage, databases and the general Woo Commerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Please be aware that our site may link to other websites, which may be accessed through our site. We have taken all reasonable step to ensure the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites adhere to current data security legislation.
How long we store your data for
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is strictly necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse pursuant to our terms and conditions.
We will retain your data for a short time beyond the specified retention period, to allow for information to be reviewed and any deletion to take place. In some instances, laws may require Sister Ray to hold certain information for specific periods other than those listed above.
Where we store your personal data
Primarily we store all of our data within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) however the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers, in which case the third country’s data protection laws will have been approved as adequate by the European Commission or other applicable safeguards are in place.
Data Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. We take reasonable administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes various encryption techniques. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your information, transmissions on the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Moreover, we cannot assure you that your personal information that we collect will not be used or disclosed inconsistently with this privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability for disclosure of any of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third-party access, or other causes beyond our reasonable control.
Cookie Policy
We may collect information about your computer or mobile device by using Cookies. If you use our website, you are consenting to the use of Cookies as explained here. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit and provide statistical data to us, that does not identify you personally but can tell us a lot about your browsing habits to tailor your user experience to suit your needs. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We use cookies to enhance our security, help us gather information during subscription and understand our web traffic trends and to share your non-personal information with carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes.
Cookies help us to improve the Services and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us to:
estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the Services according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches;
recognise you when you return to any website or application;
provide anonymised statistical information:
Non-personal data may be gathered on our behalf using cookies, log file data, and code that is embedded on our websites by specific third-party partners to help these selected third parties to deliver relevant advertisements to you.
We use this non-personal information to help improve the services we provide to you. When you visit the publicly available sections of the Services, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you’re visiting. We also place persistent cookies (also known as local storage devices) on members’ computers, so that we remember them to make your login in process faster and easier.
Controlling and deleting cookies
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies and we explain how you can exercise this right below. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Sites and the websites of other companies. You may block cookies in several ways:
by using the op outs provided
through your browser, as explained below.
You can also block cookies by changing your browser settings so that cookies from this Site cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. In order to do this follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility). Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser. Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org
What cookies are used for and why we use them on this Site:
Analytics and research
We use the information collected by analytical tools to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you’re logged in, you can enjoy all of the features without having to continually log in – our website “remembers” you and allows you full access without the need to keep entering your log in details.
Performance
We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience, such assisting with your navigation of our site, ensuring pages load up quickly and respond faster to your requests for our Services.
Ad Serving & Behavioural Advertising
We may sell space on some of our websites to advertisers. We use several services to help us and advertisers understand what adverts you might be interested in. These cookies hold information about the computer – they don’t hold personal information about you (i.e. it’s not linked to you as an individual). But they might hold a record of what other websites you’ve looked at – so we could show you a car advert if you’ve previously visited a motoring website.
Advertisements on this Site and the other sites you visit are provided by other organisations. Our advertising partners will serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to the Site and other websites. In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer. For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu and select your country. Please note that turning off advertising cookies won’t mean that you are not served any advertising merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
Links to third-party websites
Our websites, apps, and promotional materials, may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our third-party networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Additional privacy protection for children using the internet
We do not solicit or target persons younger than legal age for collection of information online. Our Site does not permit children under the age of 18 to become users and we do not accept any information from children. By submitting information to us you represent that you are over the age of 18. We encourage minors to seek the consent of their parents before providing any information about themselves or their households to anyone on the Internet. We encourage parents to take an active role to protect the privacy and security of their children and to prevent the inappropriate use of information about their children. We support the development of technologies that help parents to control the collection and use of personal information from children who use online services in their households.
Changes To This Policy
Sister Ray reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.  Any changes will be immediately posted on the Web Site and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the Web Site following the alterations.
Payment
Payment can be received via debit and credit cards, including American Express through our secure payment gateway. The secure payment gateway provides details of the accepted credit and debit cards that can be used to make payment and the transaction charges applicable to each type of card. Sister Ray do not hold any of your credit card information.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at webmaster@sisterray.co.uk or by mail at:
Sister Ray (2008) Limited, 100 Church Road, Brighton, East Sussex BN1 1UJ
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh