http://www.audiblefaith.com/info/policy
Search the Site—
Full search What's this?
eMail Login—
Sign Up for eMail Now!
the Village Login—
Not a member?—Join, Free!
Policies
Here you'll find our policies covering the following subject areas:
Credit Card Security
Shipping
Returns and Refunds
Privacy
Credit Card Security
We use secure server software (SSL), the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure eCommerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
In addition, we guarantee all purchases against credit card fraud. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at AudibleFaith.com.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, AudibleFaith.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. AudibleFaith.com will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at AudibleFaith.com while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Shipping
Our Standard Shipping is via U.S. Postal Service Priority Mail, the best way to get the physical products you've ordered to you quickly without costing much. In the future, we intend to provide additional services so you can have a choice of shipping options.
Domestic Orders - With Standard Shipping, you should get your products within 4-5 business days after you place your order, at a typical cost of $3.85, although costs vary with the destination and number of products shipped. In the case of Integrity/Hosanna!/Hillsongs products, shipping cost is the same for CDs (slightly higher for some songbooks) and your order should arrive in 10-12 business days. This shipping time and cost applies only to orders sent to addresses within the 50 United States, military APO/FPO addresses, Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam and other U.S. Protectorates.
International Orders - Orders shipped to other international addresses should arrive 5-7 business days after you place your order, at a cost typically between $6-8.00, although costs vary with the number of products shipped and the destination. In the case of Integrity/Hosanna!/Hillsongs products, shipping cost is the same (some songbooks slightly higher) and your order should arrive in 12-15 business days. International shipping is restricted to certain countries and cities within those countries. Please see Rates and Countries for more information on costs and coverage areas. Your order may also be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches your country.
Returns and Refunds
We don't offer returns or refunds, but since you can listen to a sample of any music before purchasing, you'll know exactly what you're getting before you buy. Of course, any physical products damaged during shipping will be replaced at no additional cost. We cannot replace CDs or any other products bought from affiliates or partners through AudibleFaith.com.
If you have any problems with your order, please don't hesitate to contact us -
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders. When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. All of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
If you become a Member, all we need is your eMail address. We use it to tell you about changes in our services or about special offers we think you'll find valuable. When you submit a review of our products or services, we also ask for your eMail address, although you can choose not to have your eMail address displayed with your review. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and eMail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by AudibleFaith.com. If we decide to change our policies, we will post those changes on this page so that you can always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
We want to know your suggestions and comments about our policies so we can make sure to serve you in the best way possible. Please eMail us: .
AudibleFaith
Home | Member's Village |
Artist's Quarter | Song Search
Music Stores: Soulbeats
• Praise UniVerse
• Sanctum •
InnerEchos
Contact Info | PolicyAnswers
| About Us |
Recommend This Page | Other Resources | ©2002, AudibleFaith.com