http://www.sohars.com/terms-conditions/
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
330-467-1332
Login or Sign Up
|
0
Contact Us
Help & Info
About Us
Directions
FAQ
Financing
Pickup & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Save for Later
Shop
Pages
Shop By Category
Shop by Brand
Used Equipment
Service
Parts
Blog
Main Menu
Shop By Category
Shop by Brand
Used Equipment
Service
Parts
Blog
Search
Reset Search
×
Login
Forgot your password?
or
Sign Up
0
We do not ship equipment items via UPS, FedEx or USPS at this time. Equipment items may be picked up at our store or delivered via our local delivery service within our limited service area.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to our online store. We are pleased to provide you with the goods and services described in this site subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at this site, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future options on this site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
Privacy and Electronic Communication
To understand our practices, please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to this site. When you visit this site or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with our express written consent. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any of our trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by us. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of this site so long as the link does not portray us or our products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any of our logos or other proprietary graphics or trademarks as part of the link our without express written permission.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. This site does not sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian. We and our affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from this site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Pricing
With respect to items sold by us, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do NOT charge your credit card until your order has entered processing. A deposit will be taken for all orders. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If we discover a mispricing, we will do one of the following:
If an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item.
If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Please note that this policy applies only to products sold and shipped by us and prices are subject to change at any time.
Product Descriptions & Images
We attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
STIHL logo or other STIHL trademarks are registered trademarks of Andreas STIHL AG & Co. KG, Waiblingen; and STIHL copyrighted materials (photography, text) are owned by STIHL Inc. and used with permission.
Pickup & Delivery
We provide pickup and delivery service within our pickup & delivery radius.
Canceled Orders
You may cancel your order at any time. Our warehouse inventory is constantly changing and items may need to be brought in direct from a manufacturer for your order. Due to the speed that manufacturers release special ordered items to us, there may be a restocking fee applied to the cancellation.
Returns
You may return most new, unopened items within 14 days of delivery. These items are required to be in their original packaging and have their serial number or UPC. Special order returns are not accepted.
All deposits are non-refundable.
All used equipment sales are final. We do not accept returns of used equipment.
A restocking fee may be applied to items not returned in their original condition. This restocking fee varies based on condition of the item being returned.
Returns will not be accepted on items that are:
Carburetors
Electrical products
Gaskets
Opened or used
Missing their serial number or UPC
Special orders
Returned more than 14 days after delivery
Used equipment purchases
Items returned that do not meet the return guidelines will be refused.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We do not make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that this site, its servers, or emails sent from us, or our affiliates are free of viruses or other harmful components. We and our affiliates will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies posted on this site. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Sohars Pickup & Delivery Area
We offer pickup & delivery services within our delivery area.
×
×