http://www.ulta.com/company/terms-and-conditions/
Last Updated June 25, 2020
Terms and Conditions
(Ulta Beauty Messenger Terms found below)
The following terms and conditions (referred to as both
the "Terms and Conditions" and/or the "Agreement") apply to
the Ulta Beauty website (www.ulta.com) and all other sites,
mobile sites, services, applications, platforms, and tools
where these Terms and Conditions appear or are linked
(collectively, the "Site"). ULTA.com provides its services to
you (the "Customer") subject to this Agreement. By using the
Site, you agree to the Terms and Conditions. If you do not
accept this Agreement and agree to these Terms and
Conditions, then you may not use the Site.
Who We Are
As used in this Agreement, and on the Site, "ulta.com,
Ulta Beauty, Site, We" refers to Ulta Salon, Cosmetics &
Fragrance, Inc., with headquarters located at 1000 Remington
Blvd., Ste. 120, Bolingbrook, IL 60440. All content held on
this website is the exclusive property of Ulta Salon,
Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc.
Changes to This Agreement
Ulta Beauty reserves the right, at any time, to modify
or update the terms of this Agreement, upon notice to the
Customer in writing to the last address supplied by the
Customer, by email or posting on the site or by any other
reasonable means of communication. Ulta Beauty also reserves
the right, at any time, to modify or update its Privacy &
Security Statement by using the same procedures. Customer
confirms his or her acceptance of the modifications or
updates by continuing to use the Site.
Age Requirement
The Site is intended for use by individuals 13 years of
age or older. If you are under 18, you may use this Site only
with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Your Account
You may be required to register with Ulta in order to
access certain services or areas of the Site. With respect to
any such registration, we may refuse to grant to you the user
name you request. Your user name and password are for your
personal use only. If you use the Site, you are responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and
password and for restricting access to your computer, and you
agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur
under your account or password. In addition to all other
rights available to Ulta, Ulta reserves the right, in its
sole discretion, to terminate your account, refuse service to
you, or cancel orders.
Governing New York Law and
Dispute Forum/Jury
Trial Waiver
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND INTERPRETED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
CONSIDERATION OF ITS CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES AND CUSTOMER,
BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, CONSENTS AND AGREES TO EXCLUSIVE
JURISDICTION IN THE SUPREME COURT FOR THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
NEW YORK COUNTY, PROVIDED THAT A PARTY MAY SEEK ENFORCEMENT
OF A JUDGMENT OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY COURT OF COMPETENT
JURISDICTION. BOTH ULTA BEAUTY AND CUSTOMER WAIVE ANY RIGHT
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
License and Access
Ulta grants you a limited license to access and make
personal use of the Site and Site content only for
noncommercial purposes and only to the extent such use does
not violate this Agreement. This license does not include any
resale or commercial use of the Site; any collection and use
of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any
derivative use of the Site; any downloading, copying, or
other use of the Site for the benefit of any third party; or
any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and
extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in
this Agreement are reserved and retained by Ulta and/or its
content providers. The Site may not be reproduced,
duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise
exploited for any commercial purpose without the express
written consent of Ulta. You may not frame or utilize framing
techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other
proprietary information (including images, text, page layout,
or form) of Ulta without express written consent. You may not
use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Ulta's
name or trademarks without the express written consent of
Ulta. You may not misuse the Site. You may use the Site only
as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Ulta terminate
if you do not comply with this Agreement and/or any other
Site Terms & Conditions.
Purpose of Sales
All sales of products by Ulta Beauty are limited to
personal use and may not, without the express prior written
approval of Ulta Beauty, be made in conjunction with any
resale or commercial use. We reserve the right to limit
quantities to normal retail purchases.
Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images,
logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and
the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive
property of Ulta Beauty, or its respective content providers,
and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
All software used on the Site is the property of Ulta Beauty
or its respective software suppliers, and such software is
protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and other
laws and treaties. The compilation (meaning the collection,
arrangement, and assembly) of all content on the Site is the
exclusive property of ULTA and is protected by U.S. and
international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts,
and service names included in or made available through the
Site are trademarks or trade dress of ULTA or its licensors.
ULTA's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in
connection with any product or service that is not ULTA's, in
any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers
or in any manner that disparages or discredits ULTA. All
other trademarks not owned by ULTA that appear on any Site
are the property of their respective owners, who may or may
not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by ULTA.
Privacy Policy
Ulta Beauty protects customer information according to our Privacy Policy
posted on the Site, and our Privacy Policy, as amended from
time to time, is incorporated by reference to be a part of
this Agreement.
Colors/Satisfaction
Policy/Returns
Ulta Beauty has made every reasonable effort to display as
accurately as possible the colors of the products that appear
on the Site. However, the actual colors you see will depend
on a number of factors including the monitor that you use and
the settings on the monitor. Ulta Beauty does not guarantee
that the display of any color will be accurate. If for any
reason you are unsatisfied with your experience on the Site,
please contact us. If for any reason you are not satisfied
with any products you purchase on the Site you can return
them to our warehouse or any of our stores, and any refunds
or credits due shall be provided in accordance with our Return Policy
. We will provide a credit card refund for warehouse returns,
and we will provide a credit card refund or a store credit
for store returns (click here for our store locations).
Disclaimer - Beauty Products
Ulta Beauty sells products from many of the finest
cosmetic and fragrance producers in the world. The use and
selection of cosmetics and fragrance products and other
health and beauty products ("Beauty Products") requires care
to be certain that any directions and warnings from the
manufacturer are observed and followed and that Customer is
aware of the possibility that some people may have allergic
or other reactions to such products.
Ulta Beauty will endeavor to provide to Customers
product labeling information, however, Ulta Beauty is not the
manufacturer of all of the Beauty Products it sells.
Customers are advised to read and strictly follow the label,
all packaging inserts and instructions and all manufacturer
directions and warnings.
In providing information or advice on this Site with
respect to Beauty Products, whether in chat rooms, in product
descriptions, or otherwise, Ulta Beauty may rely upon advice
from third-party manufacturers and from licensed beauticians.
As to any products of which Ulta Beauty is not the
manufacturer, Ulta Beauty will, upon request, endeavor to
identify the manufacturer of such product and provide to the
Customer contact information for the manufacturer.
General Disclaimer - All
Products
Ulta Beauty does not represent or warrant that the
information accessible through the Site is accurate, complete
or current or that any advice or any particular product will
achieve any result of any kind. Price and availability
information contained on this site is subject to change
without notice. Ulta Beauty shall not be bound by any errors
or omissions in posting product information or prices with
respect to any products or services offered on the Site.
All materials and information presented by Ulta Beauty
on the Site are intended to be used for informational
purposes only. The products promoted on the Site, including
cosmetic products, are not intended for use in the diagnosis,
cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, and
are not intended to affect the structure of or any function
of the human body. The results reported, if any, may not
necessarily occur in all individuals. Please consult with
your own physician or health care practitioner regarding any
suggestions and recommendations made at the Site.
In providing product information to its customers, Ulta
Beauty relies in part on product descriptions furnished by
manufacturers, wholesalers, and other third parties. If you
believe that any information is not accurate, please Contact Us.
Ulta cannot and does not represent or warrant that the
Site or its server will be error-free, uninterrupted, free
from unauthorized access (including third-party hackers or
denial of service attacks), or otherwise meet your
requirements.
THE SITE AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, WRITTEN
MATERIALS AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SITE
(COLLECTIVELY, THE "SITE CONTENTS") ARE PROVIDED BY ULTA ON
AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES, ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE, OR ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE
COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE CONTENTS OR THAT EMAILS SENT FROM
ULTA ARE FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE
FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SHALL
BE APPLICABLE ONLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE
APPLICABLE LAW AND SHALL IN NO EVENT BE CONSTRUED TO BE
BROADER THAN PERMITTED BY THE APPLICABLE LAW.
Order Acceptance/Shipping
Terms/Refunds
The receipt of an email order confirmation does not
constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an
offer to sell. Such receipt also does not constitute a
confirmation that the product or service is in stock or
otherwise available on the price and terms published on the
Site, or published in any catalog or other advertisement.
Ulta Beauty reserves the right, without prior notification,
to limit the order quantity on any item and/or to refuse
service to any Customer for any reason, including limitations
on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors
in product or pricing information, or problems identified as
potential fraud. Ulta Beauty reserves the right to limit the
quantity of items purchased per person, per household or per
order for any reason; and these restrictions may apply to
orders placed by the same account, the same credit card, and
also to orders that use the same billing address and/or
shipping address. Ulta Beauty also reserves the right, in our
sole discretion, to either prohibit sales or limit quantities
of sales to dealers or resellers. For purposes of this
Agreement, reselling shall be defined as purchasing or
intending to purchase any item from Ulta Beauty for the
purpose of engaging in a commercial sale of that same item
with a third party. With respect to items sold by Ulta
Beauty, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you
order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items
in our catalog may be mispriced. If the correct price of an
item sold by Ulta Beauty is higher than our stated price, we
will at our discretion, either contact your for instructions
before shipping or cancel your order. If your order is
canceled after your credit card (or other payment account)
has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card
(or other applicable payment account) in the amount of the
charge. Pricing for items on Ulta.com may be different from
prices available in ULTA stores or on ULTA mobile
applications (pricing and availability remain subject to
confirmation at checkout for mobile users). Verification of
order and customer information may be required prior to the
acceptance of any order. Ulta Beauty is not obligated to
fulfill any order and may refuse any order. Alternatively,
Ulta Beauty may accept the order and notify the Customer of
an estimated time for shipment (in which case the order shall
be deemed to remain open until delivery). Charges to
Customer's credit card shall only be processed for collection
when a shipment has been made. Any shipping and handling
charges which are imposed may reflect estimated or average
amounts required to cover the cost of shipping and handling
and need not reflect the exact cost of the specific order. In
the event of an authorized return of any goods sold from the
Site (whether at a store or to the ulta.com Returns
Department), Ulta Beauty is not obligated to include a refund
of any shipping and handling charges or gift wrap charges
except when the return is for defective product and Ulta
Beauty shall have the option to refund any amount owing to
Customer by either crediting the charge card used for payment
or mailing a check to the Customer at the address shown on
the related order.
Risk of Loss
The risk of loss for and title to products purchased on
the Site passes to the purchaser upon delivery to the
carrier.
Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Ulta Beauty's sole
discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using
or enjoying the Site is prohibited. Customer agrees to use
the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that
prohibition. Customer agrees that he or she will not post on
the Site or transmit through the Site any unlawful, harmful,
threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or
otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but
not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that
would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state,
national, or international law.
User Comments, Feedback,
Posts, and Other Submissions
You may submit, post, or otherwise make available
reviews, comments, feedback, suggestions, questions, photos,
videos, and other content on or through the Site
(collectively, "Comments") as long as your Comments do not
contain any Prohibited Content. "Prohibited Content" means
Content that:
is threatening, defamatory, hateful, harassing,
abusive, or obscene;
violates the right of privacy or right to publicity;
is false, deceptive, or otherwise misleading;
infringes any intellectual property right, such as
patent, copyright, trademark, and/or trade secret;
contains any software virus or other malware;
includes any commercial or political solicitation;
violates any local, state, or federal law or
regulation;
impersonates another person or entity;
includes any advertisement, pyramid scheme, or other
"spam;" and/or
is otherwise objectionable or non-family-friendly as
determined by ULTA in its sole discretion.
Although ULTA cannot monitor all Comments, ULTA
reserves the right (but not the obligation), in its sole
discretion, to remove or edit any Comment that appears on the
Site for any reason and at any time. Nevertheless, you are
solely responsible for any Comments you submit, post, or
otherwise make available on or through the Site, and you
agree to indemnify ULTA for all claims resulting from any
such Comments. ULTA has no obligation (1) to maintain any
Comment in confidence; (2) to pay any person any compensation
for any Comment; or (3) to respond to any Comment.
Ulta does not claim ownership of any Comment. However,
you agree that Ulta is free to use any Comment for the
purpose of providing you and others with the use of the Site,
with associated products and services, and with Ulta's (and
its successors' and assigns)' business. You grant ULTA a
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, unlimited,
nonexclusive, fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce,
create derivative works from, modify, adapt, publish, edit,
translate, distribute, perform, and display the Comment
throughout the world in any media now known or hereafter
developed. You also grant ULTA the right to use the name and
any other identification information that you submit, post,
or otherwise make available in connection with the Comment.
You represent and warrant that:
you own or otherwise control all of the rights to
any Comment;
use of any Comment supplied by you will not violate
this Agreement; and
the Comment will not cause injury to any person or
entity.
ULTA takes no responsibility and assumes no liability
for any Comment or other content posted by you or any third
party.
Copyright Complaints
ULTA respects the intellectual property of others. If
you believe that your work has been copied on our Site in a
way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow
the instructions below in our Notice and Procedure for
Copyright Infringement Claims to contact us to report
possible copyright infringement.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS
ULTA's policy is to respond promptly to claims of copyright
infringement on our Site. If you believe that your work has
been copied on our Site in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement under United States copyright law, please submit
a notification to ULTA's Copyright Agent (listed below).
Please provide the following information in your
notification:
(1) The physical or electronic signature of a person
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright
interest;
(2) A description of the copyrighted work(s) that
you claim has been infringed;
(3) A description of the location on the Site of the
material that you claim to be infringing;
(4) Your address, telephone number, and email
address;
(5) A statement that you have a good-faith belief
that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law; and
(6) A statement by you, made under penalty of
perjury, that the information in your notification to ULTA
is accurate and that you are authorized to act on behalf of
the copyright owner.
ULTA's Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:
Mail:
Ulta Legal Services
Ulta Salon, Cosmetics and Fragrance, Inc.
1000 Remington Blvd; Suite 120
Bolingbrook, IL 60440
630-410-4800
Email: legal@ulta.com
This contact information is only for reporting claims
of copyright infringement. Contact information for other
matters is provided elsewhere on the Site.
Upon receipt of a valid notification of alleged
copyright infringement by a third party, ULTA's policy is to
remove or disable access to the material identified in the
notice, forward the written notification to the alleged
infringer, and take reasonable efforts to notify the alleged
infringer that it has removed or disabled access to the
material.
If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed
against you, you may file a counter notification with ULTA's
Copyright Agent at the address listed above.
To be effective, a counter notification must be a
written communication provided to ULTA's Copyright Agent that
includes the following:
Your physical or electronic signature;
A description of the material that has been removed
or to which access has been disabled, and the location where
the material appeared before it was removed or access to it
was disabled;
A statement by you, under penalty of perjury, that
you have a good faith belief that the material was removed
as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material
to be removed or disabled;
Your name, address, telephone number, and email
address; and
A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of
Federal District Court for the judicial district in which
the address is located, and that you will accept service of
process from the person who provided notification of the
alleged infringement.
If a counter notification is received by the Copyright
Agent, ULTA may send a copy of the counter notification to
the original complaining party informing that person that it
may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10
business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action
seeking a court order against the alleged infringer, the
removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in
10 to 14 business days after receipt of the counter
notification, in ULTA's sole discretion.
Termination of Usage
Ulta Beauty may, without incurring any liability to the
Customer, terminate access by such Customer, or suspend any
Customer's access to all or part of the Site, without notice,
for any conduct that Ulta Beauty, in its sole discretion,
believes is in violation of any applicable law or this
Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a
third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service
provider, or Ulta Beauty.
Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links to other sites on the
Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors
and other third parties (the "Outside Sites"). Ulta Beauty is
not responsible for the availability of, or the content
located on or through, any Outside Site. You should contact
the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites
if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content
located on such Outside Sites.
Ulta Beauty permits certain third party links to the
home page of its site, provided that Ulta Beauty is provided
with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to
such linking. No links or "deep links" are permitted to any
page other than the ulta.com home page without the prior
written consent of Ulta Beauty and Ulta Beauty reserves the
right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any
time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home
page.
SMS Terms and Conditions
By texting ULTA from your mobile phone, You agree to
receive recurring messages from Ulta Beauty on your mobile
phone. Consent is not a condition of purchase.
Reply STOP to cancel or HELP for help.Customer Service: 866-983-8582. Standard message and data rates may apply. The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Mobile Service, Internet and
Service Fees
The following section applies to users of Ulta Beauty's
mobile application (the "Application"): The use of the
Application requires use of a mobile device and wireless
mobile data service, which must be obtained from your
wireless carrier, and may require Internet access, which must
be obtained from your service provider; you are responsible
for obtaining and paying for such additional services and
obtaining a suitable device, including without limitation all
usage charges related thereto. You may be required to send
and receive, at your cost, electronic communications related
to the Application, including without limitation,
administrative messages, service announcements, diagnostic
data reports, and Application updates, from Ulta Beauty, your
mobile carrier or third party service providers. If you do
not have an unlimited wireless mobile data plan, you may
incur additional charges from your wireless service provider
in connection with your use of the Application. You are
solely responsible for obtaining any additional subscription
or connectivity services or equipment necessary to access the
Application, including but not limited to payment of all
third party fees associated therewith, including fees for
information sent to or through the Application.
The Application may not work with all devices or all
mobile carriers. Ulta Beauty makes no representations that
the Application will be compatible with or provided by all
mobile carriers. In the event that fees are charged for the
Application, or other third party service providers charge a
fee for the products or services they provide, you agree to
pay such fee to the respective party in exchange for your
continued use of such products or services. Some services may
be subject to different or additional terms (including fees),
to which you will be required to agree prior to your use of
such services.
Virtual Beauty Additional Terms and Conditions
Virtual Beauty programs and applications (the "Virtual Beauty Programs"),
such as GLAMlab, are available via the Site, Mobile Applications,
and at certain in-store locations via kiosk or tablet.
The Virtual Beauty
Programs use facial geometry or landmarks from a photo or
video (the "Virtual Beauty Information") to apply virtual make-up to the
face in the photo or video.
The terms in this section apply specifically
to the Virtual Beauty Information: they supplement, and to the extent
there is any conflict, supersede the terms of the
Privacy Policy with respect to the collection, sharing, storage &
use of Virtual Beauty Information.
The Virtual Beauty Information is required to enable you to use the Virtual
Beauty Programs. The Virtual Beauty Information resides solely in the Virtual
Beauty Programs on the device used to apply the virtual make-up and is permanently
destroyed from the Virtual Beauty Programs when they are closed.
You may elect to share the Virtual Beauty Information before it is destroyed.
Virtual Beauty Information that you elect to share is used to improve the
Virtual Beauty Programs' detection engine.
Virtual Beauty Information is
collected and stored (if you elect to share it) collectively by Ulta Salon,
Cosmetics & Fragrance, Inc. and the following related entities and affiliates
involved in operating the Virtual Beauty Programs: Ulta Inc.; GlamST, LLC; QM
Scientific; Advice Me SRL; and Perfect Corp. (collectively, the "Virtual Beauty
Companies").
Virtual Beauty Information that is collected will not be sold,
traded, leased, shared (except at set forth herein), or otherwise disclosed.
If you choose to share the Virtual Beauty Information (you can enable or disable
sharing any time through the Virtual Beauty Program being used), the Virtual
Beauty Information is encrypted using Transport Layer Security (TLS) and
stored by the Virtual Beauty Companies using the same safeguards used to
protect other confidential and sensitive information.
The Virtual Beauty
Companies will permanently destroy the shared Virtual Beauty Information
when the initial purpose for collecting it has been satisfied, or within
one (1) year of collection, whichever occurs first.
By using the Virtual Beauty Programs, you represent and warrant that you
are either (i) the person in the photo or video that you provide to the
Virtual Beauty Programs, or (ii) the legally authorized representative of
the person in that photo or video.
Furthermore, you agree to indemnify
Ulta Beauty for and hold Ulta Beauty harmless from any claims that arise
because you were not the person in the photo or video or you were not
the authorized representative of the person in the photo or video.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be
contrary to law, the remainder of that provision (if any) and
the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in
full force and effect.
Waiver
The waiver of any breach or default of this Agreement
shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or
default and shall not act to amend or negate the rights of
the waiving party.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement shall, as the same may be amended from
time to time, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement
between Ulta Beauty and Customer with respect to the subject
matter hereof. It supersedes and replaces all prior
discussions, negotiations, understandings and agreements,
written and oral, regarding such matters. Any additional or
different terms in any purchase order or other written or
oral response by Customer shall be deemed rejected by Ulta
Beauty without need of further notice and shall not be part
of this Agreement or in any way binding upon Ulta Beauty.
Acceptance of This Agreement
and of Amendments and Modifications Thereof
Use of the Site represents an acceptance by the
Customer of the terms of this Agreement. Use of the Site
shall be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement, as
the same may be amended from time to time, and the policies
published by Ulta Beauty on the Site, which shall be the
entire agreement of the parties with regard to the use of the
Site. Amendments or other modifications to this Agreement
may, from time to time, be made by Ulta Beauty sending an
email to the Customer at Customer's last known email address
or by posting thereof on the Site.
Our Address and Contact
Information Relating to the Terms of this Agreement
If you have any questions regarding the terms of this
Agreement, you should contact ULTA as follows:
By Mail:
Legal Department ULTA Salon, Cosmetics &
Fragrance Inc. 1000 Remington Boulevard Suite
120 Bolingbrook, Illinois - 60440 Attn:
General Counsel
By Email:
Click here to
send an email.
Ulta Beauty Messenger Terms
These Ulta Beauty Messenger Terms govern 	your participation in Ulta Beauty
Messenger Program (Program). Your participation in the Program is also subject to Ulta Beauty's
Wifi Terms, Terms and Conditions, and Privacy Policy.
General Program Terms
By providing my mobile number to the Program, I agree to receive up to
3 autodialed marketing text messages from the Program each time my device
accesses the Ulta Beauty Wi-Fi Service. Consent is not a condition of
purchase. Text STOP to (630) 410-9968 to remove your mobile number from the
Program. You may receive one additional message confirming that your opt out
request has been processed. Text HELP (630) 410-9968 for help or contact
customer care at (866) 983-8582. There is no additional charge for
participating in the Program.However, message and data rates may apply.
Check with your carrier for the details of your plan. Ulta Beauty and its
service providers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Privacy
The Program collects information about you and your device, including
device location information from technologies like GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cell
towers. Ulta Beauty and its service providers may use this information, along
with other information we collect, to provide you with location-based services
like local store information, search results, special offers, and other
personalized content. Unless otherwise disclosed to you, all such information
will be treated in accordance with the Ulta Beauty
Privacy Policy.
Changes
These [Ulta Beauty Messenger] Terms are subject to change at any time without notice.
Back to Top