http://www.timbuk2.com/pages/terms-of-use
Browse
Close menu
TERMS OF USE
Terms of Use
Welcome to Timbuk2.com. Timbuk2 Designs, Inc and its affiliates (e.g., Timbuk2.com) provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at Timbuk2.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future Timbuk2.com service or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with Timbuk2.com, whether or not included in the Timbuk2.com Web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy , which also governs your visit to Timbuk2.com, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit Timbuk2.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Timbuk2.com or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Timbuk2.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Timbuk2.com or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
TIMBUK2, Timbuk2.com, TIMBUK2 Designs and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks of Timbuk2 Designs, Inc. or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries. Timbuk2.com graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Timbuk2 Designs, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Timbuk2 Designs, Inc. trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Timbuk2 Design's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Timbuk2.com. All other trademarks not owned by Timbuk2 Designs or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Timbuk2 Designs or its subsidiaries.
License and Site Access
Timbuk2.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Timbuk2.com. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Timbuk2.com. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Timbuk2.com and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Timbuk2.com's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Timbuk2.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Timbuk2.com. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Timbuk2.com so long as the link does not portray Timbuk2.com, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Timbuk2.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and/or password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Timbuk2.com does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use Timbuk2.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Timbuk2.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; send email via the Bag Builder and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Timbuk2.com reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Timbuk2.com and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Timbuk2.com and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Timbuk2.com or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Timbuk2.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Timbuk2.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Timbuk2.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Product Descriptions
Timbuk2.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Timbuk2.com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Timbuk2.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY TIMBUK2.COM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TIMBUK2.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, TIMBUK2.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TIMBUK2.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM TIMBUK2.COM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TIMBUK2.COM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Applicable Law
By visiting Timbuk2.com, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Timbuk2.com or its affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to Timbuk2.com or to products you purchase through Timbuk2.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in San Francisco, California, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Timbuk2.com's intellectual property rights, Timbuk2.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of California, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Timbuk2.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Our Address
Timbuk2 Designs, Inc. 583 Shotwell Street San Francisco, CA 94110 http://www.timbuk2.com
Are you sure?
Switching to Corporate Sales will remove all items from your bag. Are you sure you want to continue?
Cancel
Continue
Are you sure?
Switching to Retail Sales will remove all items from your bag. Are you sure you want to continue?
Cancel
Continue