http://www.strombergcarlson.com/privacy-policy/
Dealer Locator
Log In
Customer Log In
Dealer Log In
(231) 947-8600
This privacy policy governs the manner in which Stromberg Carlson Products, Inc. collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from you. User privacy is very important to Stromberg Carlson. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users.
The Information We Collect: Stromberg Carlson may collect information from users in a variety of ways, including through on-line forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where users are invited to volunteer such information.
How We Use Information: Stromberg Carlson may use information gathered through our web site to contact users regarding products and services offered by Stromberg Carlson, and otherwise to enhance user’s experience with Stromberg Carlson. Stromberg Carlson may also use information collected through our website for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, advertising, and sales offers of Stromberg Carlson.
Disclosure of Information: Stromberg Carlson will not disclose or sell information collected from users to third parties. However, we may disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from users to investors and potential partners. We may transfer information collected from users in connection with the sale of Stromberg Carlson’s business. Finally, we will disclose your information to third parties as necessary to process your transaction (such as disclosure to credit card processors).
Maintenance of Information: Information about users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, contained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Questions: Users may direct questions concerning this privacy policy by e-mail. Click Here
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now