http://www.fkabrands.com/california-privacy-rights.html
CCPA Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to FKA Distributing Co., LLC. and its U.S. subsidiaries including HoMedics USA, House of Marley and Truffle Holdings (hereinafter the "FKA Brands"). We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the FKA Brands Customer Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Personal Information we Collect
FKA Brands may collect the following category of personal data:
Identifiers (Name, Email Address, Phone Number, and Postal Address)
Online Identifiers (Cookies and similar technology)
Commercial Information (Products you have ordered or considered, payment information, as well as your purchasing history)
Why we Collect your Personal Information
FKA Brands collects and uses your personal information to give you superior customer service, to provide you with convenient access to our products and services, and to make a wider range available to you. In addition, we use your personal information to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, promotions, special offers, and other information we think you'd like to hear about. From time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you to participate in a market research survey, so that we can gauge customer satisfaction and develop better products. Moreover, we may collect your billing and shipping information for processing an online purchase.
How we Collect your Personal Information
We collect information about you in several ways. For example, we ask for your contact information when you correspond with us or ask to be included in an email mailing list. We collect and store the information you provide in a secure database.
Our Ellia App requires that you allow us access to your camera and photos. The Ellia App captures an image and deletes the image captured within the amount of time it takes the App to recognize the color from your surroundings and match it to the mood light on your Ellia Aroma Diffuser, generally several seconds.
With Whom your Personal Information is Shared
The personal data may be shared with other FKA Brands business units. They will protect your personal information in accordance with the FKA Brands Customer Privacy Policy. FKA Brands also works with other companies that help us provide products and services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies. For example, we give shipping companies this information so they can deliver your refills or replacement products efficiently. The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only, and we require that the companies safeguard your personal information in accordance with our policies.
FKA Brands will always ask for your consent before sharing your Personal Information with a Third Party for purposes other than those described in this section.
Right to Request Disclosure and Deletion
As a consumer, you have the right to request the disclosure about collection, use, disclosure and sale of personal information from FKA Brands. You also have the right to request the deletion of your personal information from FKA Brands. To request disclosure, deletion of your personal information please contact us at the email or address under the “Contact Information” Section on this policy.
Right to Request Opt-Out of Sale
As a consumer, you have the right to withdraw your consent from selling your personal information by submitting an opt-out request at “Do Not Sell My Personal Information" webpage.
Non-Discrimination
FKA Brands will not discriminate you the consumer for exercising any of your rights stated within this privacy policy.
Sale and Disclosure for Business Purposes
FKA Brands does not sell your personal information. FKA Brands does disclose your personal information with other FKA Brands business units and other companies that help us provide products and services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
FKA Brands
Privacy Department
3000 N. Pontiac Trail
Commerce Township, MI 48390
privacy@fkabrands.com
1-833-997-2068
To Request Deletion of Your Personal Information, Click Here
How we Protect your Personal Information
FKA Brands places safeguards to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access and alteration of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Our website uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions.
FKA Brands is responsible for all transfers of Personal Information to third parties in accordance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles through legally-binding contracts. Any Personal Information transferred to a third party for data processing is processed in accordance with the contract, and is subject, by law, to a comparable level of protection as that provided by FKA Brands.
FKA Brands will conduct compliance audits of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that FKA Brands determines is in violation of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment. FKA Brands will conduct an annual review to ensure adherence to the Privacy Shield framework requirements and complaint handling procedures.
Browsers Do Not Track Signals.
While we strive to offer you choices when you use our website and mobile application, we do not promise that we will be able to receive or honor web browser Do Not Track signals.
Our Company-Wide Commitment to Privacy
To make sure your personal information remains confidential, we communicate these privacy guidelines to every FKA Brands employee. FKA Brands does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information. If you believe that your child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to FKA Brands in connection with our website or mobile application, and without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us at privacy@fkabrands.com so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that they provided.
If we are going to use your personal information differently from that stated at the time of collection, we will try to contact you via email using the most recent information we have. If you have not given us permission to communicate with you, you will not be contacted, nor will we use your personal information in a new manner.
The FKA Brands Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes. Please contact privacy@fkabrands.com to report any known or suspected privacy or security breaches or to submit privacy-related questions or complaints about privacy.
© 2020 FKA Brands - All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy |  UK Modern Slavery Statement | California Privacy Rights
Do Not Sell My Personal Information