https://www.themountainfactor.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Search
About UsContact UsDeliveryReturnsEvents Checkout My Basket (0) Log in/registerHome / Privacy PolicyWho is responsible for managing my information? This website is owned by: The Mountain Factor Ltd, 4-5 Lake Road, Ambleside, LA22 0AD (“The Mountain Factor”, “we” or “us”). This is our Privacy Notice and it explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal data. We are responsible for the collection and proper management of any personal information you give to us. We will keep your personal details secure and use the information you provide consistently with applicable privacy and data protection laws and the terms of this Privacy Notice.What information do we collect? We collect information for the purpose of: – fulfilling contractual orders; to obtain the best quotes and suppliers to meet our customers’ needs; to liaise with potential customers about products that may be of interest to them; to effectively maintain and service our equipment, websites and machines; to meet legal, financial, HSE and other regulatory obligations; to support effective recruitment and to ensure employee needs are met. The information we collect and hold is likely to include your name, contact details, information about your organisation and any additional information we may need to help meet your specific requirements. We also collect website usage information and do this using “cookies”. For further information about cookies and how we use them please see our Cookie Policy.How do we use your information? The information you provide may be used in a number of ways, for example: • to enable us to process and respond to sales enquiries; customer care queries; maintenance issues; • to enable us to manage and administer a high level and effective service to both our customers and suppliers; • to enable us to provide products and/or services to you and/or your organisation; • to answer questions you or your organisation have or has raised; • for statistical purposes when we evaluate our range of services; • to personalise repeat visits to our websites; • to tell you about events we think may be of interest to you; • to tell you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you (see below); • to manage service queries; and • to help us to provide details or information you may have requested.On what legal basis will we process your information? We will always process your personal information on lawful grounds and in particular on the grounds set out below:- Performance of a Contract/Service We will use your personal information to allow us to provide you with products you have ordered. This information is likely to include your name, contact details and payment details, information about your business and any additional information we may need to help meet your specific requirements. If you do not provide us with the information set out in this paragraph, then we may not be able to provide you with products and/or services. Legitimate Interest We may use your name and contact details to tell you about our own products, services or events which we think may be of interest to you. You can ask us to stop doing so at any time by emailing info@themountainfactor.com We may share your email address with Google and/or Facebook (acting as data processors) for them to use on our behalf in connection with the creation of marketing and promotion for us. They may use this to serve targeted advertising/content to you via their platform. You can control what advertisements you receive via the privacy settings on the relevant platform Google and Facebook may also use socio-demographic information about you to identify other people like you, with similar interests to present our marketing to. This socio-demographic information is not used for any other purpose nor shared with any other party. No information about other individuals identified from these networks is shared with us at any time. We may use some of your personal information for statistical purposes when we evaluate our range of services. In the event that we buy or sell any business and/or assets we may disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller of the business and/or assets The above are done on the basis that they are in the legitimate interest of The Mountain Factor. Legal Obligation We may also use and disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law or regulation, for compliance purposes, by a law enforcement or taxation agency or for crime prevention purposes.Who will you share my information with? In order to provide you with the products and services that we supply we may share your information with: • credit/debit card companies; • our preferred insurance providers, our legal team, maintenance contractors and; • other third parties who we may need to work with to deliver services or fulfil requests on your behalf, for example transport companies and other suppliers. We may also disclose your personal data without your permission in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.How do you manage my information? We may from time to time appoint third party service providers, to help us manage efficient systems within the business. Some of these systems may for operational reasons be located in countries overseas including the USA. We will only transfer your information to service providers who help manage our systems, or overseas, where we are satisfied that this is lawful and that adequate levels of protection are in place to protect the integrity and security of any information being processed and in compliance with applicable privacy laws. If we transfer your personal data to service providers outside the European Economic Area then we will always use a lawful method to do so. In the case of transfers to the USA this may be either the “Privacy Shield” Programme or an agreement in a form approved by the European Commission. In the case of transfers to other countries outside the European Economic Area then this will be an agreement in a form approved by the European Commission. You may ask for details on transfers outside of the European Economic Area by our Group HR Manager.Updating Your Details? If you would like to change any of your preferences relating to the way in which we may use your information for direct marketing, then please send an email to info@themountainfactor.comHow long will we hold your information for We have a system of retention periods in place to ensure that your information is only stored whilst it is required for the relevant purposes or to meet legal requirements. Where your information is no longer required, we will ensure it is disposed of or deleted in a secure manner. For further information on this please see our retention policies on our website.Your rights You have the right to ask us at any time:- • to confirm whether we hold any of your personal data; • to send you a copy of any personal data that we hold about you; • to correct any inaccuracies in your personal data and to add relevant details where the personal data we hold is incomplete; • to delete (to the extent possible) any of your personal data, where we are required by law to do so; • to stop or restrict processing your personal data, where we are required by law to do so; • to let you have a portable copy of the personal data we hold about you, where we are required by law to do so; • to stop processing any of your personal data that we process on the basis of our legitimate interests; and • to stop sending you marketing material. However please note that we may continue to send you service related (i.e. non-marketing) communications, such as emails relating to the services we provide. Where we have reached a decision that affects you by processing your personal data automatically then you have the right to speak to someone to discuss that decision. We do not use your personal data for the purpose of profiling. Where we process your personal data on the basis that you have given us your consent to do so then you may contact us at any time to withdraw your consent If you wish to exercise any of these rights or wish to object to our use of your personal information, please write to us at the address given above or by email to info@themountainfactor.comDoes the notice apply to linked websites? Our websites may contain links to other websites. This privacy notice only applies to the website of The Mountain Factor, when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.How do we update this privacy notice? We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on our webpage.Who can I contact if I have queries about this privacy notice? You can also contact us directly if you have any questions about our privacy notice or information we hold about you. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you also have the right to raise concerns with The UK Information Commissioner: https://ico.org.uk
Sign up to our Mailing List
Submit By opting in, you agree to receive marketing communications from The Mountain Factor. Your personal data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and you can unsubscribe at any time.
We value your privacyWe use cookies on our websites. You are free to manage this via your browser setting at any time. To learn more about how we use cookies, and how we store, process and protect your personal information, please see our cookie policy.I accept