http://www.zerogravity-racing.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
ZG Postal Address:912 Pancho Rd, Suite CCamarillo, CA 93012
We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we can use your personal information to:
Help make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
Help you quickly find information, products, and services.
Help us create content that is most relevant to you.
Alert you to new information, products, and services that we offer.
Like many sites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the site.  Cookies do not and cannot infiltrate your hard drive or access a User's confidential information; our cookies are not "spyware."
Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the site, such as a product image, can function as a web beacon.
We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
Zero Gravity may utilize several Google Analytics products, including remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.  Visitors may opt out of these features through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, Google's opt-out browser, or other available methods.
As is true of most websites, the site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the site. We may also log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes.
People who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.  We will not share this phone number with any third parties (outside of our payment processors) unless permission is explicitly granted.
You may choose to submit a product review or participate in our Q&A section on product pages. If you choose to do so, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review or comment without disclosing any personal information.
From time to time we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon your request, we will: (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests using the contact information found at the top of this Privacy Page.
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information above.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Close
Back to top