http://www.resilite.com/privacy-policy/#california-prop
Wrestling
Custom Mats View Gallery
Classic vs. Liteweight Mats
Classic Mat Options
LiteWeight Mat Options
DigiPrint Mats
Zip Mat Options
Color & Layout Options
Lettering & Artwork
Stock Mats Deals & Specials
Large Mats
Home-Use Mats
NCAA Mats
Wall Mats
Fitness & Weight Room Flooring
Deals & Specials
Wall Padding Shop All
Wall Panels
Continuous Padding
Barrier Pads
Custom Padding
Accessories Shop All
Cleaning Products
Mat Supplies
Mat Repair
Mat Storage
Athlete Hygiene
Training Products
Shop All Wrestling
Gymnastics
Skill Development
Beginning Skill Shapes
Advanced Skill Shapes
Incline Mats
Ninja Systems
Performance Mats
Folding Mats
Throw Mats & Skill Cushions
Competition Landing Mats
Resi-Pits
Vault Development
Apparatus Mats & Pads
Fitted Apparatus Mats/Pads
Balance Beams
Spotting Blocks & Trench Pits
Trapezoids
Floor Ex
Custom Options View Gallery
Vinyl Fabric Color Options
Lettering & Artwork
Barrier Pads
Wall Panels
Custom Protective Padding
Home-Use Products
Shop All Home-Use Items
Shop Overstock SALE Items
Great Gift Ideas for Gymnasts
About the Great Gifts Program
Shop All Gymnastics
By Activity
Wrestling
Football
Law Enforcement
NEW: 6-in-1 Plyo Box
Gymnastics
Cheer
Ninja Warrior
Volleyball
MMA
Martial Arts
Climbing Walls
Fitness
Preschool
Industrial
All New Products
Wrestling: Overstock SALE
Gymnastics: Overstock SALE
By Type
Floor Mats
Classic Mats
LiteWeight Mats
Fitness & Weight Room Flooring
Padding
Wall Padding
Barrier Padding
Obstruction Padding
Climbing Wall Padding
Developmental Tools
Skill Development
Folding Mats
Apparatus Mats & Pads
Fitness & Strength Training
NEW: 6-in-1 Plyo Box
Accessories
Cleaning & Maintenance
Tape & Supplies
Storage & Transport
Stickers & Decals
Custom Options
Color Options
Lettering & Artwork
Student Award Mats
View New Products
Deals & Specials
Wall Padding
Wall Padding Shop All
Wainscot Wall Panels
Kwik-Stik Wall Padding
LiteWeight Wall Padding
Home Use Shop All
Home Use Wall Padding Kits
Multi-Purpose Folding Mats
Custom Printed Padding
Custom Options
Custom Shapes
Top Rail Padding
Lettering & Artwork
Shop All
Gallery
Custom Options
Artwork & Graphics
DigiPrint - exclusive
Lettering & Artwork
Student Award Mats
Mat Sponsor Decals
Mat Customization
Zip Mat - exclusive
Hot Spray Vinyl - exclusive
Vinyl Fabric Color Options
Custom Padding Shop All
Wall Padding
Barrier Padding
Custom-Shaped Padding
Gallery
Privacy Policy & Security Statement
Privacy Policy & Security Statement Warranties & Warnings California Prop 65
Resilite Sports Products, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security and to clearly define these standards to our customers and the community we serve. We have established these policies to protect the security and privacy of the information we collect. In addition to these policies, we maintain strict internal policies against unauthorized disclosure or use of customer information.
Security protocols have been implemented to restrict access to information according to job responsibility. Any suspected attempt to breach our policies and procedures, or to engage in any type of unauthorized action involving our information systems, is regarded as potentially criminal activity, and all suspected computer mischief is reported to the appropriate authorities.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website identified by the domain name resilite.com.
Consumers
We use the IP address of Consumers to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
We use the IP address of Consumers to help identify their shopping cart.
We use cookies to keep track of shopping cart contents, and/or referral information.
Our site uses an order form for Consumers to request information, products, and services. We collect Consumer's contact information (e.g., email address).
Financial information (like account or credit card numbers) is processed through out payment Gateway. Resilite DOES NOT store such information in or on our servers.
Contact information from the order form is used by the Resilite to send products, information and fulfill orders.
The Consumer's contact information may also be used to get in touch with the Consumer if necessary to solve a problem.
We do not share/sell or in any way distribute Consumer data with any other companies (apart from the Merchant(s) we are acting as agents for in providing our Service to Consumer).
This policy does not preclude Resilite’s unrestricted use of non-personal, summarized, derived, or aggregate information (i.e., volumes, totals, averages, etc.).
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Security of information in transit to and from our web site is encrypted using SSL encryption protocols.
We store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of access controls as well as using encryption of sensitive information.
This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this privacy statement.
Children
We do not provide content on our Web site which is intended to attract or encourage the participation of children. We do not solicit or knowingly accept information from persons under the age of 18.
Warranties & Warnings
Warranties
3-Year Guarantee on Classic & LiteWeight Vinyl-Coated Mats
1-Year Guarantee on Fabric-Covered Mats & Wainscot Wall Panels
Resilite warrants its products to be free from defects in materials or workmanship during normal use and installation. The guarantee stated above is valid only if the mats have been handled in full observance of the Care and Handling Instructions furnished with each mat; have been subjected to normal use for the purpose for which the mats were designed; have not been subject to vandalism, misuse, neglect, or accident; have not been subjected to addition or subtraction of pieces; and have not been modified or altered by persons other than Resilite or its designees in any respect which, in the judgment of Resilite, affects the condition or operation of the mats.
This warranty does not cover cosmetic items (scratches, scuff marks, denting or compression from incorrect storage, marring, fading, discoloring, weathering), normal wear and tear or damage due to neglect.
The above warranties commence on the date of Resilite’s shipment. Should any failure to conform to any of the expressed guarantees occur within the applicable guarantee period, Resilite shall, upon notification in writing of the defect, correct such nonconformity, either by repairing the defective mat(s) or by making available a replacement at the discretion of Resilite.
Resilite shall deliver the repaired or replacement mat(s) to the site free of charge, including all freight charges.
This warranty is exclusive and is in lieu of all other warranties, whether expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for particular purpose.
Further, no representation, oral or written, of any Resilite representative may be substituted for the aforedescribed exclusive limited warranty. To the extent permitted by law, Resilite shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages which are expressly excluded from this sale.
Resilite will continue to improve the design of mats available for your athletic needs; therefore, we reserve the right to make substitutions or change specifications without notice when, in the opinion of the company, these changes will benefit the customer. Any change in Resilite’s published specifications will not have any effect on Resilite’s guarantee.
Submitting a Claim
To make claim under the terms of the warranty, the buyer’s written statement of claim, along with a copy of the original invoice, and supporting photographs must be sent to: Resilite Sports Products, Inc., Attn: Claim, 200 Point Township Drive, Northumberland, PA 17857. No mat shall be returned without written permission from Resilite.
Loss or Damage in Transit with Public Carrier
Resilite is not responsible for loss or damage in transit. Our responsibility ends when the carrier signs the bill of lading, which is our receipt that the shipment was made complete and in good condition. It is the customer’s responsibility to check the number of pieces received against the number of pieces shown on the freight bill and our bill of lading. Any shortages or damage should be noted on the freight bill before it is signed.
A Note About Vinyl-Coated Mats
All foam wrestling mats are subject to expansion and contraction due to environmental and physical conditions. Vinyl-coated mats are subject to shrinkage; therefore, mats are oversized to compensate for this shrinkage. Resilite guarantees the mats to be within a +/- 4% tolerance.
Warnings
Any activity involving motion, height, wall collisions or physical contact creates the possibility of serious bodily injury, including permanent paralysis, or death, from falling or landing on the neck, head or other parts of the body.
This mat/pad cannot, and does not, totally eliminate this hazard.
You still assume a risk of serious injury when using this mat/pad.
This risk can be reduced by following the guidance below as well as the Instructions for Care, Handling, and Safe Use booklet provided with the mat/pad.
WARNING ON WRESTLING MATS
Use this mat ONLY under the supervision of trained and qualified instructors.
Any use without trained supervision is HAZARDOUS and risks serious injury.
Coaches/instructors should never permit unsupervised use by athletes.
Athletes: Know your own limitations and follow progressive training practices.
Always consult your coach/instructor for proper technique when using this mat.
Before performing maneuvers on this mat, instructors and users should always assess the user’s ability to safely accomplish the maneuvers.
Consider the speed and type of the drill; skill level, size and age of the users; number of participants, and available space.
Instructors and users of this mat should always make sure that they have allowed enough space to properly and safely perform the chosen maneuver.
Allow an adequate buffer zone between you and other users and from the end of the mat.
Note that each maneuver or drill may require different buffer zones.
Do not perform a maneuver on this mat if you are uncertain of the amount of space needed.
Perform all maneuvers so as to avoid contact with instructors, bystanders or other users, and to avoid going outside the perimeter of the mat.
It may be necessary to add additional mats to the outside perimeter of this mat(s) to create a proper safety area.
Mat protection may vary according to room temperature. Mat shock absorbency performs best when room temperature is between 68 degrees F and 72 degrees F.
If temperature exceeds 78 degrees F, additional padding may be necessary to meet minimum shock-absorbency standards as tested in accordance with ASTMF355, Test Method for Shock Absorbing Properties of Playing Surface Systems and Materials.
Body slams or similar sever impacts, which are illegal under the rules of wrestling, are dangerous and may result in serious injury or death.
For wrestling purposes, always follow current National Federation of State High School Association (NFHS), National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), or International Federation of Associated Wrestling Style (FILA) standards, rules and guidelines.
Tape or secure mats properly prior to every use to minimize movement during use.
Mats are often constructed in sections. Each section should be properly taped or secured prior to each use to avoid injury from movement during use of the mat.
Do not store mats on mat transporters.
Read and follow Instructions for Care, Handling, and Safe Use to reduce risk of serious bodily injury or death, and risk of permanent mat damage.
When using this mat, you still assume a risk of serious injury. The risk can be reduced by using the mat only under the supervision of trained instructors and by complying with the Instructions for Care, Handling, and Safe Use accompanying the mat.
WARNING ON WALL MATS
Use this mat ONLY under the supervision of trained and qualified instructors.
Any use without trained supervision is HAZARDOUS and risks serious injury.
Coaches/instructors should never permit unsupervised use by athletes.
Athletes: Know your own limitations and follow progressive training practices.
Always consult your coach/instructor for proper technique.
Wall mats may offer different levels of protection based on the density of the foam core.
Before performing maneuvers near this wall mat, instructors and users should always assess the type of protection needed and the user’s ability to safely accomplish the maneuvers.
Consider the speed and type of the drill; wall mat protection; skill level, size and age of the users; number of participants, and available space.
Instructors and users of this mat should always make sure they have allowed enough space to properly and safely perform the chosen maneuver.
Allow an adequate buffer zone from other users and from the wall mat.
Note that each maneuver or drill may require different buffer zones.
Do not perform a maneuver if you are uncertain of the amount of space needed.
Perform all maneuvers so as to avoid contact with instructors, bystanders or other users, and to avoid going outside the perimeter of this mat.
It may be necessary to add additional mats to the outside perimeter area of this mat/mats to create a proper safety mat area.
Mat protection may vary according to room temperature.
Inspect wall mats prior to any activity. Specifically identify any deterioration of the covering and or foam material. Do not use if foam material is missing or deteriorated.
Also, ensure the integrity of the mat mounted to wall surface. Repair or replace as required.
Always follow recommended installation procedures when installing wall padding.
Wall padding / mats should always be installed NO MORE THAN 4" from the floor surface.
WARNING ON GYMNASTICS/CHEER MATS & FLOORS
Use gymnastic apparatus, mats and floors ONLY under the supervision of trained and qualified instructors.
Gymnastic apparatus must be used ONLY when protected by proper matting as recommended for each piece of equipment by the International Gymnastic Federation (FIG). If in doubt concerning proper matting, DO NOT use the apparatus.
General purpose tumbling panel mats (folding mats) are designed ONLY for light tumbling activities and general physical education. Under no circumstances are they to be used as a training or landing mat alone.
Know your limitations and the limitations of the product. Follow progressive learning techniques.
All mats, floors, and gymnastic apparatus must be used with proper spotting equipment and trained spotters suitable to the activity or skill. Always consult a trained and qualified instructor.
Before each use, always check mats and floors for damage or wear including tears and flattening of energy-absorbing material. If in doubt, DO NOT use the product.
Mats and floors can move during use. Always check for proper positioning of the product before each use.
California Prop 65
Information for California Customers
Please Read This Information Carefully
Proposition 65 requires businesses to provide warnings to Californians about significant exposures to chemicals that cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. These chemicals can be in the products that Californians purchase, in their homes or workplaces, or that are released into the environment. By requiring that this information be provided, Proposition 65 enables Californians to make informed decisions about their exposures to these chemicals.
Proposition 65 also prohibits California businesses from knowingly discharging significant amounts of listed chemicals into sources of drinking water.
Proposition 65 requires California to publish a list of chemicals known to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. This list, which must be updated at least once a year, has grown to include approximately 900 chemicals since it was first published
in 1987.
Two requirements of Proposition 65 are:
Each year, California's Governor must publish a list of substances determined by the state to cause cancer, birth defects and other reproductive harm. Nearly 900 chemicals are currently listed.
Any entity doing business in California and/or selling products to California residents must provide buyers of products containing any listed chemical with a "clear and reasonable warning" before knowingly or intentionally exposing anyone to a listed chemical.
California Proposition 65 Warning
Under the safe harbor provisions of the regulations, warnings are required for purchases made over the internet following the methods in Section 25602(b). Warnings must be provided to the consumer prior to completing the purchase, and a warning must be provided via any one of the four methods for consumer products in Section 25602, subsections (a)(1)-(4). For a website warning, if a label is used for a product warning, a business may opt to provide a hyperlink to the warning or a picture of the warning label used on the product. In addition, if an on-product (short-form) warning is provided on the product label, the website warning may use the same content.
A “short-form” warning may be provided on a product in accordance with Section 25602(a)(4). This section requires that the entire warning be in a type size no smaller than the largest type size used for other “consumer information” on the product, and in any case the warning must not be in a type size smaller than 6-point type. “Consumer information” is defined in Section 25600.1(c), and includes warnings, directions for use, ingredient lists, and nutritional information, but does not include the brand name, product name, company name, location of manufacture, or product advertising.
“In accordance with Section 25602(a)(1-4) and (b) of California Proposition 65, please be advised of the following:
WARNING: Cancer and Reproductive Harm - www.P65Warnings.ca.gov”
With some exceptions, the warning symbol is a required element of safe harbor warning content.  The symbol consists of a black exclamation point in a yellow equilateral triangle with a bold, black outline.  The symbol must be placed to the left of the text of the warning in a size no smaller than the height of the word “WARNING”.  If the sign, label, or shelf tag for the product is not printed using the color yellow, the symbol may be provided in black and white.  Businesses may download the symbols provided below for use in Proposition 65 warnings.  A business wishing to provide a safe harbor warning must meet all applicable requirements of the Article 6 Clear and Reasonable Warnings regulations.
If a warning is placed on a product label or posted or distributed at a workplace, a business, or in rental housing, the business issuing the warning is aware or believes that it is exposing individuals to one or more listed chemicals.
By law, a warning must be given for listed chemicals unless the exposure is low enough to pose no significant risk of cancer or is significantly below levels observed to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm.
A warning of this type is also required for such commonly used products as these:
Goods made of or containing leather, vinyl, foam, plastics and other synthetics
Glassware, ceramics and tableware
Batteries and/or products containing batteries
Beauty and personal hygiene products (including first-aid kits and lotions)
Medicines, alcohol and even fish
More About Proposition 65
Proposition 65 is unique in several ways. Unlike California regulatory statute AB 1108 or federal regulations imposed by the US Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (CSPSIA), Proposition 65 does not restrict or regulate sale of goods containing listed chemicals. Nor does it apply only to products used by children or to care for children. Proposition 65 warnings must be provided to California residents of every age. While this law does specify maximum permitted "safe harbor" limits for listed substances, there are no corresponding minimum amounts. Any detectable amount of a listed substance requires sellers to warn consumers against a risk of possible exposure. Proposition 65 lists only four of six phthalates regulated by AB 1108 and CPSIA (DEHP, DBP, BBP and DIDP). One additional phthalate (DnHP) not regulated by CPSIA or California AB 1108 is listed under Proposition 65:
Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) | PHTHALATE REGULATION
Dear Customer:
The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act (CPSIA) was enacted on August 14, 2008. This law prompted new testing procedures and requirements for children's toys and child care articles. The new CPSIA uses the standard ASTM F963 as a determining basis for the definition of a "children's toy" or "child care article". The purpose of the CPSIA law is to ensure that children are not exposed to lead and certain phthalates while playing, sleeping or eating. Currently sporting goods, camping goods, playground equipment, and athletic equipment are excluded from the CPSIA and are not considered children's toys unless such products are toy versions.
Phthalates-a family of chemicals that make plastics soft and pliable-are commonly used in the manufacture of PVC vinyl material. A wide spectrum of products is fabricated from PVC vinyl including furniture, shoes, purses, toys, bags, baby bibs, sporting equipment and hand tools.
Both federal (CPSIA) and California (AB1108) law limit the amount of certain phthalates that can be used in children’s toys and child care items.
A children’s toy is a product designed or intended by the manufacturer to be used by children when they play. A child-care article is defined as a product designed or intended by the manufacturer to facilitate sleep, relaxation or the feeding of children, or to help children with sucking or teething.
Toys used by children younger than 3 years old or that may possibly be placed in a child’s mouth-as well as all child-care items--must not contain phthalates known as BBP, DBP, DEHP, DnOP, DINP or DIDP in concentrations greater than 0.1%.
Resilite Sports Products, Inc., a leading athletic mat and protective padding manufacturer, designs and produces athletic training products for a variety of ages. Resilite's products are designed as commercial, gym-quality products and are not toys or toy versions of athletic equipment, nor are they sold for use during unsupervised play by children.
Although our products are not designed as toys, we realize they may be used by a variety of ages and skill levels. Resilite's 18oz. vinyl fabric used in a variety of products is formulated to meet the requirements of the Consumer Product Safety Act of 2008, Sections 101 and 108.
The vinyl used in these products does not contain lead compounds, nor do they contain any of the six phthalate compounds listed in the Act (BBP, DBP, DEHP, DnOP, DINP or DIDP) in excess of 0.1%.
For more information about Proposition 65 and its current complete substance list, contact OEHHA's Proposition 65 program at (916) 445-6900 or visit http://www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65.html.
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. By proceeding, you accept the use of cookies.Ok, I agreeTell me more