http://www.uktradingcards.com/terms.php#delivery
Terms & Conditions11th December 2020
08:29am
Search
Go
CONTENTS
PRICING
HOW TO ORDER
PLACING AN ORDER
PAYMENT METHODS
STOCK
IMAGES
AFTER SALES
RECEIPT
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL
DELIVERY
DESPATCH TIMES
DELIVERY TIMES
SHIPPING RATES
ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERY
NON-DELIVERY
CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS
DAMAGED / MISSING / INCORRECT
MISTAKES IN BILLS
COMPLAINTS
PRIVACY POLICY
SECURITY POLICY
COPYRIGHT
TRADEMARKS
DISCLAIMER
EXTERNAL LINKS
CUSTOMER FEEDBACK
STATUTORY RIGHTS
By accessing or using http://www.uktradingcards.com (herein referred to as "UKTC"), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.
These terms and conditions of use may be changed at any time by UKTC, changes will be posted online. Your continued access and use of UKTC will mean that you agree to be bound by the most current version of the terms and conditions of use. Please check the terms and conditions regularly.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated on 31st August 2012.
PRICING
All prices are listed in UK Pounds ( £ / GBP ) Sterling. All products are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. We ship Internationally; the postage and packing to non-UK destinations will be charged at a subsidised rate, for a quote or rough guide, please email international@uktradingcards.com with your order requirements.
HOW TO ORDER
When you have located the items you desire, pressing the BUY button next to the item description will add a quantity of 1 to your basket.
This will then take you to your Basket page. Here you can see all previous item entered into it. You can also alter the quantities of any particular item as desired. Just change the quantities in the boxes provided and press Update Quantities to update with the new total.
If you have finished shopping and wish to proceed to Checkout simply press the CHECKOUT button.
If you wish to empty your basket of all items, simply press the EMPTY BASKET button.
If you want to continue shopping, simply press the GO BACK Button, or use back on your web browser.
PLACING AN ORDER
After you have completed your shopping and have an item(s) in your basket, you will be ready to checkout. Simply press the CHECKOUT button (this can be found on your BASKET page) to take you through the checkout process. During the checkout process you will be asked for a Username and Password (these can be obtained at the time of checkout)
Full name
Email Address
Delivery Address (*)
Telephone Number
Gender and Age (Optional)
Payment method and payment details
These details will be used in accordance with our privacy policy, and also in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
The exact total due will appear in your checkout basket. If paying by Credit/Debit card or NoChex, you will be taken to the relevant page to enter your payment details. Hitting the submit order button will send the order through to UKTC.
(*) PLEASE NOTE: If paying by credit/debit card. The delivery address must be the same as the cardholders address.
PAYMENT METHODS
There are a number of methods in which to pay:
CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS: We accept Visa, MasterCard, EuroCard, Switch, Solo, Delta and JCB. This payment method is only available on orders of £4.50 or more. Credit Card payments are processed by PayPal.
CHEQUE: please make all cheques payable to "UK Trading Cards". Goods are not despatched until funds have cleared into the UKTC bank account. Please allow 7 working days for the clearance of cheques, then apply the normal despatch times to the order.
CASH: in UK pounds (£) sterling. Cash is sent at your own risk, and we recommend that you send it via a secure postal method. Please note change cannot be given, so please send the exact amount.
POSTAL ORDERS: Please make payable to "UK Trading Cards" and cross for security. Change cannot be given, so please send the exact amount. Crossed postal orders are treated as cheque payments and normal cheque clearance times will apply.
STOCK
Due to the turbulent nature of the trading card market, we only offer for sale items that are currently held in stock. In the unlikely event that an order is placed for an item which is out of stock, the customer will be given the choice between a full refund or replacement item, within 30 days (stock permitting). If the item is unavailable the customer will be issued with an immediate refund.
IMAGES
Where an image for a product is provided, it is done so as a general representation of said product. It can not be assumed that the item you order/receive will be 100% identical to that shown. This is particularly true for items such as Autograph, Costume/Piecework's, Prop, Memorabilia Cards, etc., as due to their very nature every card will have slight variations to the next. The only exemption to this is when an item listed clearly states that the shown image is the same as the one you will receive.
Special cards such as foil, holographic, 3-D, motion etc. will also appear slightly different when viewed in hand to the image displayed on the website.
If you are in any doubt, or have any questions as to the card you will receive, please email info@uktradingcards.com prior to placing your order, where will we be happy to clarify any points.
Please also see copyright regarding the use of images.
AFTER SALES
What to expect after you have placed an order with UKTC:
As soon as we receive your order you will get an email confirmation of the order details. Please note that UKTC reserve the right to refuse orders, limit quantities or change prices without prior notice. Should this happen the customer will always be informed first.
Once you receive email confirmation that your order and payment has been accepted this forms a legally binding contract between UKTC and the customer. Please note all orders must be paid for prior to UKTC accepting them. Orders paid for by non-instant methods i.e. cheque, cash or postal orders will be held for 7 working days. If after this time payment has not been received, the goods will be returned to stock, and the order considered void.
The customer will receive an email confirmation that the goods have been despatched.
For delivery times see delivery, if at any point you want to check the progress of your order, this can be done by logging into your account on UKTC, or by email: delivery@uktradingcards.com. Please include your details and order reference number with any emails so that we can answer your queries quickly.
RECEIPT
All goods purchase through UKTC will be sent out with proof of purchase (receipt). Please keep this safe; it will be needed in the event of the goods having to be returned.
YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL
You can cancel your order within 7 working days; the 7 days start the day after the goods are received. Please keep your receipt as this is your proof of purchase and is needed in the event of returning your purchase. Goods must be returned via the same postage method they were shipped. UKTC will not refund used or otherwise spoiled goods. The customer must pay for the return postage and obtain proof of posting. Goods must be returned in the same mint condition they were dispatched in, and be in a re-sellable condition.
UKTC will endeavour to credit you with a refund as soon as possible; this will be, at the latest, within 30 days of the cancellation. Refunds will be issued by the same method of payment. Where this is not feasible, e.g. payment made by postal orders / cash, the refund will be by cheque.
Before returning any goods you must first contact customer services via returns@uktradingcards.com. You will be issued with a returns number and advised of the procedure to follow.
DELIVERY
DESPATCH TIMES
UKTC aim to despatch all items within 72 hours of payment being received (Weekends/public holidays excluded). Please note: payment is not classed as being received until the funds have cleared into our account. This will apply to all cheques, except cashier and bankers drafts. please see payment methods for further details.
DELIVERY TIMES
Under normal circumstances goods will take 1-3 working days to be delivered. Goods are despatched via Royal Mail or Parcel Force. Please note that multiple item orders may be despatched separately. UKTC cannot take responsibility for late/failed deliveries due to incorrect address information entered at time of ordering. UKTC cannot be held liable for late/non deliveries due to circumstances beyond are control, i.e. industrial action, terrorist action and war, natural disasters etc.
SHIPPING RATES
All UK mainland orders £15 and above are shipped free of postage charges. For orders below this amount, there is a fixed small order charge of £2.90 to cover postage costs.
UKTC ship Internationally; the P+P to non-UK destinations will be charged at a subsidised rate, for a quote or rough guide, please email international@uktradingcards.com with your order requirements.
ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERY
A signature will be required to acknowledge delivery of your order. This signature will be proof that you or the person to whom the order was addressed has received the order. Ownership of the items in your order will pass to you on delivery.
Once goods have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk, and UKTC will not be held liable for their loss or destruction.
NON-DELIVERY
If your order has not arrived, in the first instance please inform us on returns@uktradingcards.com.
All claims must be submitted within 12 days, the 12 days start the day after the goods are dispatched. The customer will have been sent email confirmation of the date of dispatch. We aim to resolve all problems as quickly as possible. However, this is often dependant on the speed of response from the delivery company.
CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS
This provides cover for delay, loss or damage to your item which result in
additional expense to you which has no relation to the actual market value
of the item. This insurance is provided under the Royal Mail's Special
Delivery service. The cost is an extra £ 5.90 on top of your order value. This
will provide consequential loss cover of up to £ 1,000. For a higher level of
cover please contact us before ordering. For full terms and conditions of
this service please contact the Royal Mail or phone 08457 950 950.
This service is currently only available for orders to mainland UK. If you
are placing an International order and require Consequential Loss insurance,
please email international@uktradingcards.com before ordering.
DAMAGED / MISSING / INCORRECT
In the unlikely event an order is delivered damaged, with parts missing or incorrect items, in the first instance please inform us on returns@uktradingcards.com. We will issue you with a returns code and advise of the correct procedure to follow.
All claims must be submitted within 7 working days, the 7 days start the day after the goods are received. We will offer the customer either a choice of a full refund or replacement items (stock permitting). We will endeavour to credit you with a refund as soon as possible; this will be, at the latest, within 30 days of agreeing to the refund. Refunds will be issued by the same methods of payment. Were this is not feasible, e.g. payment by postal orders and cash, we will refund by cheque. In any event, you must keep all packaging as it may be required for inspection.
MISTAKES IN BILL/RECEIPTS OR PAYMENTS
We will correct any mistakes in bills, receipts or payments as soon as possible, and at the latest within 30 days of agreeing to do so. Any mistakes must be informed of within 7 working days, the 7 days start the day after the goods are received.
Please inform us on accounts@uktradingcards.com
COMPLAINTS
Should you have any reason for complaint in regards to your dealings with UKTC, please direct these to complaints@uktradingcards.com. Here a member of our customer relations team will be assigned to you. All complaints will be acknowledged within 5 working days.
The customer will be advised of how long it will take to resolve the complaint. In most cases this will be done within 5 working days. The customer will be kept informed throughout the process.
All complaints will be confidential.
The contract between UKTC and its customers shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law, the English courts will have final jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
UKTC collect information about you for two reasons: First, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
UKTC will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent.
UKTC will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or from another trader in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
Your name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Gender and Age (optional)
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a cookie which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
Registered and Guest users who have signed up to receive regular email updates from us can remove themselves in one of two ways: by entering their email address on the home page and unchecking the box, or by sending an email to unsubscribe@uktradingcards.com with the word unsubscribe in the subject header.
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, You have the legal right to know what information is on file about you. Please contact the Data Controller at datacontroller@uktradingcards.com in the first instance.
For more information on the Act, visit http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us: privacy@uktradingcards.com.
SECURITY POLICY
UKTC takes every precaution to protect our customer's information. UKTC does not hold any credit card information on file, and all customer account details are protected by password. All are online payments are undertaken by a third party who use security servers. For there security policies please see:
WorldPay security policy (www.worldpay.com)
NoChex security policy (www.nochex.com)
UKTC operates dedicated servers. They are backed up regularly via a secure connection and are kept in locked cages.
UKTC security policies are reviewed regularly. If you have any questions about the security of UKTC please email: security@uktradingcards.com
COPYRIGHT
All material including: web site design, graphics (all graphics have hidden points of identification on them), text, the selections and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) held within UKTC may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted only for your own personal non-commercial home use of UKTC with the sole purpose of placing an order with UKTC.
Any use of materials from within UKTC, without prior written permission of UKTC is strictly prohibited.
TRADEMARKS
UK Trading Cards is a registered business name. All other product names, company names trade marks or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER
Your use of this site is at your sole risk. The Site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and we shall not be liable to you for your use of or your inability to use the Site;
All items are brand new and in mint condition, unless otherwise clearly stated.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you via the Site will create any warranty not expressly stated in these terms and conditions.
EXTERNAL LINKS
We may provide links to other websites or resources from time to time. These links are provided for your convenience. We do not endorse the contents of those websites, are not responsible for the availability of these websites and will not be liable in any way for any loss or damage, which you may suffer by using those websites. If you decide to access linked third party websites you do so at your own risk.
CUSTOMER FEEDBACK
If you have any comments or questions about the site please email us on: feedback@uktradingcards.com
STATUTORY RIGHTS
These Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Terms & Conditions
-
Contact Us
-
Help & Information
-
Site Map
©2001-2020 UK Trading Cards. v1.9.11-rhea