http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/order-queries-and-shopping-with-us/hel00006/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Shopping with WHSmith
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Shopping with WHSmith
Go to Category: Shopping with WHSmith
Pricing
Age Verification
Payment
Delivery
Creating An Account
Changing An Order
Returns & Refunds
Where Is My Old Account?
Cancel
Apply
Order Queries and Shopping with Us
We hope that you find shopping with WHSmith a convenient and enjoyable experience, but we appreciate that sometimes our customers need additional help and advice with their purchases.
You'll find answers to common customer queries below, as well as our contact details should you wish to speak to one of our advisers.
How Do I Return an Item?
Items bought online or from a WHSmith store can be returned to any high street store within 30 calendar days of receipt (terms and conditions apply). Items bought online can alternatively be returned to us by post.
Returns for purchases made using Laybuy must be made by post and cannot be accepted in stores. Same Day Click & Collect orders can only be returned to store and will not be accepted by post. Find out more information on our Returns & Refunds page.
Do I Need to Create an Account to Shop Online?
No - you do not need to create an account online to shop with us, but it does make it easier to shop with us again in the future. You can register for an account from the My Account page, or by creating a password whilst making a purchase. Find out more information on our Creating an Account page.
What Delivery Options Do You Offer and How Much Do They Cost?
We offer several delivery options which cover the majority of our products; Standard Delivery, Next Working Day Delivery and Next Day Click & Collect. Free delivery is possible for Same Day Click & Collect and for standard deliveries when you spend a certain amount. Find out more information on our Delivery page.
How Can I Pay for my Online Order?
We will accept credit and debit cards, PayPal, Laybuy, gift cards or a credit account to pay for your online order. Payment is secure and your personal information is encrypted to ensure it is protected. Find out more information on our Payment page.
Are Online Prices Different from in Stores?
Yes - products are priced differently online, and so the prices you see online are not valid in stores. Find out more information on our Pricing page.
I Have a Question That Hasn't Been Answered Here, What Should I Do?
You may find the answer to your query on our FAQs page.
How Can I Contact WHSmith?
Our contact centre is open Monday - Friday from 9am - 5pm, not including public holidays. You can email us on support@whsmith.co.uk.
1 - 12
of
12
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 12
of
12
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies