http://www.dillards.com/privacy
Skip to main contentpause promoPauseSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityLoginLogin Menu DropdownLoginMy Dillard's AccountMy Wish Listshopping-bag-outline0 items in cartWomenJuniorsMenKidsShoesHandbagsAccessoriesLingerieHomeBeautyDillard's Privacy PolicyDillard's understands that privacy is very important to you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy as part of our commitment to your privacy. The terms "we", "us", and "our" refer to Dillard's, Inc. and its affiliated companies.This Privacy Policy applies to information we obtain via dillards.com (referred to hereafter as the Site), information collected through interactions at our retail stores, and information collected during customer service calls, and information collected through our mobile application. However, it does not apply to your use of a Dillard's Card other than when you use the card to purchase from Dillard’s. A separate Privacy Notice, administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pertains to information collected by Wells Fargo when you use your Dillard's Credit Card and Dillard's American Express® Card. Other privacy policies of other entities may also apply when you use your Dillard’s card on the website or at a store owned or operated by another entity. However, when you use your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express® Card on the Site, at a Dillard’s retail store, or during a customer service call, this Privacy Notice fully applies to any information Dillard’s collects from you.Additionally, when using the Site you may submit product reviews. We currently use a company called PowerReviews for product reviews. Your submission of reviews is governed by a separate privacy policy maintained by PowerReviews. A link to that policy is provided on the screen from which you submit your review, but you can also review it at powerreviews.com.  What information We ObtainWhen you use the Site, we may obtain personally identifiable information from you which you give us -- such as your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, account number - as well as any information you may submit through product reviews, the Feedback function, or email. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you from third parties, such as demographic or marketing firms to improve our marketing efforts, or fraud prevention companies. Additionally, when you use the Site, we obtain information automatically, such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address and other information about the device you are using to access the Site, including browser information, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating system, and your location.  How We Use Information We ObtainWe use the information we obtain from you to fulfill your purchase orders, administer returns, service your account, verify your identity, administer sweepstakes and contests in which you participate and provide you with information and services you request from us, personalize your shopping experience and provide marketing information. We may also use your information as otherwise necessary to conduct and improve our business and comply with legal obligations. If you purchase merchandise from us, we may send you emails and notices about your purchase and about other merchandise and services that we think may be of interest to you. We may also share information we obtain with other members of the Dillard's corporate family. If you want to opt out of getting promotional emails from Dillard's, see Section 5 below. We also use the information we obtain for other business purposes, such as payment processing, analytics, fraud prevention, and legal compliance.  How We Share Information We ObtainWe do not sell the personal information of consumers. We may disclose the information we obtain with service providers that perform marketing, promotional and other services for us. Service providers who perform marketing services on our behalf are required by us to use personally identifiable information we share only to help us to provide you with products and services from Dillard's. We may also provide information to carefully selected outside companies for the purpose of jointly marketing a product or service to you. We may share information about aggregate shopping histories and demographics with consultants and others for purposes such as analyzing sales, website performance, retail trends and marketing; but such information does not identify you or any other individual.We also share information with other companies which provide us with services we use to conduct our business operations, including product recommendations and fraud prevention. We may also share information when we believe that it is required by law or necessary to operate our business (e.g., to our attorneys, auditors, or accountants), to protect your rights, to protect our rights, or to protect the rights of others. We may also disclose the information we obtain to any company which may in the future acquire Dillard's or a portion of its business.We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.  How We Use Cookies and Similar TechnologyA "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your device. It allows the Site to recognize your device upon entering the Site. We use cookies to keep track of when you return to the Site, to identify the pages you click on during your visit to the Site, and the name of the site you visited immediately before visiting the Site. We use information obtained via cookies to improve and secure the Site, including improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions; to prevent fraud; and to provide you with product recommendations. Such commendations may be presented to you on other sites you visit, including social network sites such as Facebook. You can disable and delete cookies through your web browser and through a cookie banner presented when you reach our website. Update your preferences about receiving promotional emails from Dillard's5.1 Click the link above to provide a different email address where you want to receive promotional emails.5.2 Click the link above to choose to stop receiving all promotional emails.If you "opt out" of receiving promotional emails from us, the only emails you will receive will be (a) about transactions that you initiate (such as to confirm orders you submit, inform you about your order status, respond to your customer service inquiries and answer any other questions you send us); (b) about matters affecting your Personal Information; and (c) in connection with certain services or promotions for which you have registered, such as our gift registry program. Data SecurityDillard's recognizes the importance of confidentiality, availability, and integrity of your data. We have implemented policies, standards, and practices to ensure that data is only accessed by the appropriate individuals or parties and only when necessary. We focus on collecting only data that we need to offer you the best possible experience and safely discard the data when that information is no longer needed. While we cannot guarantee that a security breach will not occur, we have dedicated staff and technologies to minimize the risk of any such activity. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law. Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do, you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account. Miscellaneous Information7.1.  Changes to this Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy, and we urge you to periodically check this Privacy Policy for any changes. The last revised date will change when we make revisions to the policy. All changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise stated in the revision. If you cannot accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, as posted, please do not use the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.7.2.  Do Not Track Header: Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.7.3.  Governing Law: The laws of the State of Arkansas, excluding its choice of law principles, govern all matters arising from or related to the Site, including your access and use, and any Internet transaction between you and us.7.4.  Links: Our Site may have links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web sites. You should review their privacy policies.7.5.  Children's Privacy: We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to us through the Site for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. Although we permit users to post reviews concerning our products, we do not encourage users to include their full name when posting reviews. If you are under 18, have included your name in a review, and would like Dillard's to remove your name, you can contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address below with your request. Please note that even when we remove your name, the removal may not remove the remainder of your post or remove your name from all copies of the post. We do not sell the personal information of any minor under the age of 18.7.6.  Accessibility: If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader, or through another audio methodology depending on the circumstances in which the privacy policy is requested. Questions?If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at:  Dillard's, Inc.  Attn: Privacy Department  1600 Cantrell Road  Little Rock, AR 72201  1-855-774-3455  Or email us at: dillards.privacy@dillards.com  Information for California ResidentsCalifornia Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share
here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties, service providers or affiliates go to
https://www.dillards.com/privacy/CA. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy.Last Revised: July 01, 2020Return to topSite MapTerms Of UseTerms Of UseDillard's Privacy PolicyDillard's Privacy PolicyCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCareersInvestor RelationsPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2020 Dillard's