http://www.cardcow.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Available
All Available Sold
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CardCow.com is the owner of the information collected on this site.
CardCow will not sell or rent this information, nor will we share it in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement unless you consent.
Cookies and IP Addresses
We use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and for other purposes like personalizing the site. Cookies are a small piece of information stored by your internet browser to your computers. hard drive. Your browser is usually set up to initially accept cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, the site will not be able to recognize your cart, your account, or any personalization. We do not and cannot use cookies to gather your confidential information that may be stored on your hard drive
Third Party advertisers also help us display tailored content to our customers and serve ads on our behalf. These advertisers may also utilize cookies and/or web beacons to measure effectiveness, efficiencies, etc. of the sites
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
External Links
This site contains links to other Web sites. CardCow is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Your Personal Information
Our site uses forms for you to request information, products and services. We collect your contact information, including, but not limited to, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and financial information. Collected information is used for the benefit of CardCow.com to send information to customers about orders, to fulfill orders, to process and collect payments, to send promotional marketing material about our company and partners, and to contact customers about orders when necessary.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance such as tailoring content on our sites and serving ads on our behalf, providing search results and links, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Customer information is considered to be an asset of CardCow.com, and as such may be transferred to another company as part of an acquisition.
Printable Version
Categories
US State & Town Views Foreign Countries Holidays People Philatelic Transportation More Topics New Additions