http://www.spa-mart.com/company/about-spa-mart.cfm#privacy
Call Us Toll-Free (800) 823-3618
Search
Featured Products
Hot Tub CoversSpa covers starting from $249.95
Spa ChemicalsName-brand water care at rock bottom prices
Filter CartridgesLongest-lasting best value spa filters
Spa Cover LiftsBest selection of cover lifters
Hot Tub StepsSpa steps starting at $62.95
Spa AccessoriesSpa tables, LED lights and more
We also carry SpaScenes cover murals, pool table covers, and many lines of spa fragrances.
Brands
Leisure Time
Spa Pure
SpaGuard
Nature2
Spa Frog
AquaChek
SeaKlear
Natural Chemistry
Rendezvous by GLB
GLB Pool Care
Cover Valet
Leisure Concepts
PleatcoPure
Confer Plastics
303 Products
EZ Spa by APi
ecoONE
inSPAration
Covers & Lifters
Spa Covers
Hot Tub Covers
Floating Spa Covers
Walk-On Spa Covers
Cover Caps
Spa Cover Care
WindStraps
Spa Cover Saver
SpaScenes Murals
All Cover Lifters
Cover Lifter Selector
Cover Valet
Cover Caddy
Cover Rock-It
Cover Rx
Covermate Lifters
Lifters for Round Spas
Slide Under Spa Mount
View all spa covers and lifters.
Chemicals
All Spa Chemicals
Spa Sanitizers
Spa Water Testing
Spa Water Balancers
Spa MPS Shock
Spa Clarifiers
Spa Maintenance
Filter Cleaning
Aromatherapy
Spa Water Care Help
All Pool Chemicals
Pool Water Testing
Pool Sanitizers
Pool Shock Oxidizers
Pool Algaecides
Pool Balancers
Pool Clarifiers
Pool Cleaning Products
Pool Stain Control
Pool Remedies
Filters & Accessories
PURE Pleatco Spa Filters
Search For Your Filter
Filters for Hot Spring
Filters for Sundance
Filters for Jacuzzi
Filters for Artesian
Filters for Cal Spa
Filters for Master
Filters for ThermoSpas
Spa Steps
Filter Cleaning Tools
Spa Safety Rails
LEDs & Lights
Spa Tables & Trays
Robes, Towels & Storage
Spa & Patio Umbrellas
Booster Seats
Fun and Games
View all spa & hot tub accessories.
Shop By Spa Brand
Hot Spring Spas
Jacuzzi Hot Tubs
Sundance Spas
Master Spas
Dynasty Spas
Dimension One Spas
Caldera Spas
ThermoSpas
Coleman Spas
Garden Leisure Spas
Vita Spas
Coast Spas
Artesian Spas
Baja Spas
Cal Spas
Gulf Coast Spas
Don't see your brand here? No worries! We sell filters, covers, & chemicals for ALL spas & hot tubs.
Garden & Patio
Pool Table Covers
Planters (Coming Soon)
Outdoor Furniture (Coming Soon)
Firepits (Coming Soon)
Customer Care
Manage Your Account
Store Directory
View Cart & Checkout
Help Center
Knowledgebase
Contacting Us
Privacy Policy
Sales Terms & Conditions
Free Shipping Policy
America's SPA-MART: Where Spa Owners Shop SMART!
Welcome!
All of us at America's SPA-MART thank you for visiting and if we are fortunate enough to gain you as a customer, we promise we will offer you the finest selection of spa covers, hot tub water care products, jacuzzi filter cartridges and more in an effort to earn your repeat business.
America's SPA-MART is a sister company to Sonshine Covers Inc., a pioneer in the spa and hot tub industry. Since 1983, we have been been known for our quality and innovation for things such as introducing reflective bottom material to the spa cover market. Our ownership and management team has an average of 25 years experience in the field.
Launched in April 2007, we designed America's SPA-MART from the ground up with one thing in mind: Offering our customers the best experience possible. From initial product selection to well after the sale, our goal is to create a place where spa owners can find great products at great prices and have a pleasurable experience while doing it.
Our Goals & Guiding Principles
Build and sell great products at a fair price
In addition to being a traditional online retailer we manufacture some of the more popular products that we sell, including most of our Thermal Guardian spa covers, pool table covers, spa cover caps, spa pillows and more.
As meticulous as we are about the quality of the products we make, we are just as picky when it comes to the products made by others that we choose to sell.
That's why we carry only the best brands like Leisure Time spa water care, Pleatco PURE spa filter cartridges and Cover Valet spa cover lifters and steps.
Back up our products with outstanding customer service
Some of our products are so good they sell themselves. But even then, we feel it's important to be there for our customers when you need us. That's why we try to make it easy to contact us with live customer support and use a customer service ticketing system to make sure we stay in touch with our clients.
We like to offer solutions, not just products
We want to be your spa solution provider, not just the place where you bought something.
Of course, the capitalist in us knows you're more likely
to come back as a repeat customer if you feel we are solving your problems not just selling you something. But as people, we actually really like what we do and love being here to help.
Once again, we thank you so much for stopping by and hope that we will be fortunate enough to call you a customer.
Happy Hot Tubbing!
The America's SPA-MART Team
The 25,000 square feet headquarters and main distribution center of America's SPA-MART in Mason, Ohio.
America's SPA-MART
1228 Castle Drive, Suite B
Mason, Ohio 45040
USA
(800) 823-3618 Toll-Free
Email us by using this form
Monday-Friday 8am-5pm EST
Shop With Confidence
Your business is very important to us!
If not for you our customers, we would not have a reason to come to work each day.
Our goal is provide a place where you want to shop for your spa and hot tub needs.
It's why we come to work everyday.
Thanks for being a big part of our lives!
We
know you have many options for your spa supplies and have crafted your shopping experience here to be the #1 offering in our market.
We think we offer the best overall value with the following five key focuses of our company.
SPA-MART Rewards
You reward us with your business so we want to give a little something back. As a registered customer, you will earn 2 SPA-MART Rewards Points for every dollar you spend with us on your favorite spa products and accessories. You can then redeem these points on future purchases with us. More information on the program can be found here.
Guaranteed Low Prices
We guarantee that we will match any advertised price for the exact same product including the costs of tax and shipping on any product that we sell. If you find a lower price on a product, just give us a call. You will need to provide the location of the competing item so our staff can verify the price match.
Your Satisfaction Is Guaranteed
If you don't like what you ordered and it's in resellable condition, you may return it. You only pay for the shipping. Spa covers are covered by our industry-leading 30-Day Money Back Guarantee where you can return a spa cover for any reason including ordering the wrong size. Cover lifters have minor restocking fees to account for repackaging expense.
Your Privacy Is Guaranteed
We don't rent or sell our customer list. Because we use professional email campaign services like Constant Contact and its SafeUnsubscribe when sending out communications, you may opt-out of our mailings at anytime. Review our Privacy Policy.
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Transactions are encrypted and placed via a secure 256-bit server link to our payment gateway.
Our secure site partner, GoDaddy, protects all transmissions between you and the credit card processor. We do not store your credit card information so it cannot be stolen from our servers. In the extremely unlikely event that fraudulent charges are made due to a problem on our systems, we will cover the amount your bank holds you liable for under the Fair Credit Billing Act. You will pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping with us.
Shopping atSPA-MART.com isSAFE & SECURE!GUARANTEED!You will pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at SPA-MART.com
We guarantee that we will match any advertised price for the exact same product including the costs of tax and shipping on any product that we sell.
We Accept All
Major Credit Cards & Paypal
Talk to a live rep. Call us at (800) 823-3618
Don't Miss A Deal! Sign up for our Insider's Newsletter for Articles, Tips & Savings!
About Us
Contacting Us
Help Center
Manage Your Account
Sales Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Free Shipping Policy
Connect With Us
SPA-MART Blog
spamart on Twitter
spamart on Facebook
AmericasSpaMart on YouTube
spamartdotcom on Pinterest
Call Us Toll-Free1 (800) 823-3618
Best Selection For Spas
Hot Tub Covers
Spa Chemicals & Water Care
Spa Filters
Spa Cover Lifters
Spa Accessories
Aromatherapy & Fragrances
Fun & Games
Robes, Towels, & Storage
Spa Steps
Safety Rails
Shop With Confidence
SPA-MART Rewards Program
Guaranteed Low Prices
Your Satisfaction Is Guaranteed
Your Privacy Is Guaranteed
Your Secure Shopping Is Guaranteed
Copyright © 2020 America's SPA-MART   |   Terms of Use   |   Copyright Information