https://www.collectibleshopping.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Last updated: February 13, 2020
At CollectibleShopping the privacy of our website visitors is important to us, and we are committed to safeguarding it. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose information. Our privacy policy describes our practices regarding the information we collect through this website, social media pages, email and offline content.
To contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at cs@collectibleshopping.com.
Changes to our privacy policy
Occasionally we may change this privacy policy. When changes to our privacy policy are made we will modify the last updated date at the top of this page. You are responsible for periodically reviewing this privacy policy. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to the privacy policy indicates your acceptance of the changes made to this privacy policy.
Personal Information
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when filling out our contact form, subscribing to our newsletter, entering contests or giveaways or otherwise contacting us.
How we use the information you provide to us
Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
We may use your personal information for the following:
Administering our website and business.Enabling your use of the services available on our website.Sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you.Sending you non-marketing commercial communications.Sending you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications).Sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested.Sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer want to receive the newsletter).
Disclosing personal information
We may disclose your personal information:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law. In connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings. In order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk). To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling. To any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. We use both persistent and session cookies.
A persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date. A session cookie, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Most browsers are automatically setup to accept cookies but you may change the settings on your browser to allow you to block cookies or delete cookies after your web session has ended. Blocking all cookies can have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block or delete cookies some features on our website may not work as correctly. For more information about cookies and how to change these setting, please visit AllAboutCookies.org.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website in order to analyze user activity to improve the website via the collection of anonymous data about user demographics, trends and activities. This data is provided by
your Google ad settings.
Read more about Google’s practices here. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on or you may customize Google’s Display Network ads by using Google Ad settings.
External Links
Our website contains links to other third party websites, affiliates, strategic partners and other entities. We do not monitor third party websites and are not responsible for the content on these websites and your business dealings with these websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third-party websites. Please refer to the privacy policies of the respective site(s) before submitting any personally identifiable information.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
This website is not directed towards children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children. If we are made aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable information, we will delete this information.
Search for:
Shop 2020 Christmas
Cherished Teddies 2020 Christmas
Norman Rockwell 2020 Christmas Ornaments
Norman Rockwell 2020 Christmas Plate
Precious Moments 2020 Christmas
Contact Us
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?