https://www.acclaim-music.com/policy/privacy
Privacy Policy
SITE SECURITY
We employ the latest encryption and security technology in all areas of acclaim-music.com where you provide us with personal or account information. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you send to our server. To make sure that your browser includes the latest security features available, download and install the latest version of your favorite browser, Firefox (Mozilla), Safari, Chrome or Microsoft Internet Explorer etc.. For privacy purposes, once you give us any information relating to you it is stored on a highly secure server that is not accessible via the Internet.
Your privacy is critically important to us.
We use a 256bit Extended Validation SSL certificate, which backs our identity and provides the utmost in online shopping security. You can be confident that we are serious about security and privacy.
Acclaim Sound and Lighting is located at:
Mail Order Enquiries, Sales & Service of Musical Instruments, Drums, Guitars, Folk, Keyboards, Studio & Recording Gear.
Billing Address:
Acclaim Sound & Lighting RETAIL OUTLET
755 Main Street East, North Bay, Ontario
P1B 1C2
Toll Free 1-888-472-0070
or 1-705-472-0070
Fax: 1 705 472 0020
Directions
Hours of operation
Mon-Fri: 9am - 7pm
Sat: 12pm - 5pm
Sun: 12pm - 5pm
It is Acclaim Sound and Lighting's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.acclaim-music.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", "Acclaim Sound and Lighting" or "https://www.acclaim-music.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Acclaim Sound and Lighting collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Acclaim Sound and Lighting's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Acclaim Sound and Lighting's visitors use its website. From time to time, Acclaim Sound and Lighting may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Acclaim Sound and Lighting also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.acclaim-music.com website posts. Acclaim Sound and Lighting only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Acclaim Sound and Lighting's websites choose to interact with Acclaim Sound and Lighting in ways that require Acclaim Sound and Lighting to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Acclaim Sound and Lighting gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at https://www.acclaim-music.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Acclaim Sound and Lighting and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
https://www.acclaim-music.com uses Google AdWords for remarketing
https://www.acclaim-music.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Acclaim Sound and Lighting discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Acclaim Sound and Lighting's behalf or to provide services available at Acclaim Sound and Lighting's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Acclaim Sound and Lighting's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Acclaim Sound and Lighting will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Acclaim Sound and Lighting discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Acclaim Sound and Lighting believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Acclaim Sound and Lighting, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://www.acclaim-music.com and have supplied your email address, Acclaim Sound and Lighting may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Acclaim Sound and Lighting and our products. We primarily use our website to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Acclaim Sound and Lighting takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Aggregated Statistics
Acclaim Sound and Lighting may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Acclaim Sound and Lighting may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Acclaim Sound and Lighting does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Acclaim Sound and Lighting uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Acclaim Sound and Lighting uses cookies to help Acclaim Sound and Lighting identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.acclaim-music.com, and their website access preferences. Acclaim Sound and Lighting visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Acclaim Sound and Lighting's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Acclaim Sound and Lighting's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Acclaim Sound and Lighting's use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Acclaim Sound and Lighting - by purchasing Acclaim Sound and Lighting's services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Acclaim Sound and Lighting collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Acclaim Sound and Lighting. Acclaim Sound and Lighting does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described above and below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Acclaim Sound and Lighting may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Acclaim Sound and Lighting's sole discretion. Acclaim Sound and Lighting encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Shop Safe & Secure
Free Shipping Offer
Easy Returns
Canadian Electrical Safety Standards
Get Free Stuff - Promotions!
All images, pricing and specifications within this website are based on the latest manufacturer's specifications and are subject to change at any time without prior notice. Acclaim Sound & Lighting shall endeavor to maintain the highest standards for accuracy and attention to detail, however we reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice, to products, prices, descriptions, images and policies.
All transactions are processed in CAD funds.
© 1989-2020 Acclaim Sound and Lighting
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Account Terms and Conditions
U: a28e2792-f513-4ed7-af0e-042c80d8e76e | C: ACQYKE | V: 1.2.0
BEAM ME UP
Thanks for signing up!
Close
Close
×Close