https://www.hairdirect.com/shippingpolicies
Please note that our website uses cookies necessary for the functioning of the website which optimize the performance. You can read our
Cookies
and
Privacy Policies.
By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies and other technologies.
Accept
Home
Shipping Policies
Shipping Policies
Understanding how we ship to your locationWe have two warehouses: one in the United States, which fulfills hair system and accessory orders in the U.S. and internationally; and one in Europe, which fulfills accessory orders in the EU. Your accessory order will automatically ship from the warehouse assigned to the shipping address you provide. Shipping times vary, along with which products we can legally ship to your location. PrivacyWe take your privacy seriously and ship discreetly. The contents and source of your order will not appear on the delivered package. Every order is shipped in a plain box labeled “HD Inc.” on the shipping tag. U.S. and International (non-EU) Shipping AddressesCustom Hair SystemsOrders that deliver to addresses anywhere in the world except the EU ship from our U.S. warehouse. In this article, you can learn more about how we ship hair systems to your location.Custom hair systems are made to order and manufactured by hand to your unique specifications. Partial hair systems usually require eight to 10 weeks to create, and full cap systems take between 10 and 12 weeks. Design and manufacturing times vary because each system is handmade, and some are more complicated to produce than others.To track the progress of your hair system, please log in to your account and navigate to Hair Systems on the left. How we ship hairAll custom hair orders are shipped globally from our U.S. warehouse. We ship hair systems with" no signature required" to accept the package. If you prefer to require a signature for package delivery, there is a $5.00 fee for this service. If you do not require a signature for your deliveries, HairDirect cannot be held responsible for lost or undelivered packages.Our hair system shipping rates are based on a flat scale for most locations. Please see our cost calculator to find the estimated shipping rate to your address. For individual hair system ordersAfter your hair replacement system arrives from the production facility, we'll ship it right out to you (provided there is no unpaid balance on your account). For standing orders (SOD)Your hair system will be shipped according to the Standing Order delivery schedule. Standing Order Discount (SOD) orders will not ship if they have a past-due balance.Ready-to-Wear Hair Systems Ready-to-wear hair systems for men and women are not custom-made, and are available for purchase in our Store.Standard ready-to-wear stock hair systems for menOrders received before 12 p.m. Eastern Time are normally shipped the same business day, unless it's a weekend, or a holiday, or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise. Orders received on Fridays after 12 p.m. ET will be shipped out the following Monday, unless it's a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise. If ordered together, ready-to-wear hair systems and accessory products ship together.Customized ready-to-wear stock hair systems for menMen’s ready-to-wear hair systems can be customized to a degree. For more information about customizations, click here.  Customized ready-to-wear systems ship from the U.S. one to two business days after your consultation with a hair replacement consultant to collect your specifications. If ordered together, accessory products ship immediately, but separately from the hair system.Ready-to-wear wigs for womenHairDirect offers pre-made wigs for women. These products cannot be customized. Orders shipped to U.S. addresses take 7-10 days for delivery, excluding weekends or holidays. Orders shipped to addresses outside of the U.S. take up to 21 days for delivery, excluding weekends or holidays. If ordered together, accessory products ship immediately, but separately from the wig.Accessory ProductsAll shipping costs for accessory products are calculated at the time of your order according to the weight of your shipment, type of delivery you choose, and your location. Payment is taken when the order is shipped. Offers, exceptions, and options are detailed below.All transactions are processed in U.S. dollars, so your financial institution may charge a currency conversion fee for each order. Additionally, we process your payment when we ship your order, not when you place it. If currency exchange rates fluctuate between the time you place your order and when we process your payment, the actual amount charged may vary slightly.Free shipping offerAccessory orders of $50 USD or more ship for free within the continental U.S. A free shipping method will automatically be selected for you, but you'll typically still be able to choose between USPS and UPS Ground. This free shipping offer is not valid on custom hair system orders.Free shipping exceptionsDue to additional shipping and packaging needs, orders of $50 USD or more that include three or more Styrofoam heads are not eligible for free shipping.Shipping limitationsIf selecting an air shipping method for your order, additional shipping fees will be incurred for certain products due to flammability and/or hazardous material regulations. These regulations and fees are determined by the shipping carriers according to the weight of the products and the number of packages per order. Some countries restrict what can be shipped over their borders. If you order one or more products that are restricted by that country, the product will be automatically cancelled from your order and the remaining items will ship. Restricted products have a Product Note on the product page.Shipping Times and OptionsPLEASE NOTE THAT THERE WILL BE DELAYS IN THE SHIPPING OF PRODUCTS DUE TO PRECAUTIONS OF THE CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC. All accessory orders received prior to 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday, are normally shipped the same business day, unless it's a weekend or a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise. Orders received on Fridays after 2:00 p.m. ET will be shipped out the following Monday, unless it's a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise.  Shipping options from the U.S. warehouseCustomers whose orders ship from the U.S. warehouse can choose between U.S. Postal Service (USPS) and UPS. Your options may include:U.S. Postal ServiceUSPS First ClassUSPS Priority DomesticUSPS Priority ExpressUSPS First Class InternationalUSPS Priority InternationalUSPS Priority Express Int'l UPSUPS Surepost UPS GroundUPS Next Day AirUPS 2nd Day AirUPS 3 Day SelectUPS Worldwide ExpressUPS Worldwide Saver (Express)UPS Worldwide ExpeditedInternational ShippingHairDirect ships to countries that are listed in the country listing selection on the checkout page.EU Shipping Addresses Custom Hair SystemsOrders that deliver to addresses anywhere in the world except the EU ship from our U.S. warehouse. In this article,you can learn more about how we ship hair systems to your location.Custom hair systems are made to order and manufactured by hand to your unique specifications. Partial hair systems usually require eight to 10 weeks to create, and full cap systems take between 10 and 12 weeks. Typical design and manufacturing times will vary because each system is handmade, and some are more complicated to produce than others.To track the progress of your hair system, please log in to your account and navigate to Hair Systems on the left. How we ship hairAll custom hair orders are shipped globally from our U.S. warehouse. We ship hair systems with "no signature required" to accept the package. If you prefer to require a signature for package delivery, there is a $5.00 fee for this service. If you do not require a signature for your deliveries, HairDirect cannot be held responsible for lost or undelivered packages.Our hair system shipping rates are based on a flat scale for most locations. Please see our cost calculator to find the estimated shipping rate to your address. For individual hair system ordersAfter your hair replacement system arrives from the production facility, we'll ship it right out to you (provided there is no unpaid balance on your account). For standing orders (SOD)Your hair system will be shipped according to the Standing Order delivery schedule. Standing Order Discount (SOD) orders will not ship if they have a past-due balance.Ready-to-Wear Hair SystemsReady-to-wear hair systems for men and women are not custom-made, and are available for purchase in our Store.Standard ready-to-wear stock hair systems for menOrders for men’s ready-to-wear stock hair systems are delivered about 10 to 14 days from the date of order to your address, excluding weekends and holidays. If ordered together, accessory products ship immediately, but separately from the hair system.Customized ready-to-wear stock hair systems for menMen’s ready-to-wear hair systems can be customized to a degree. For more information about customizations, click here.  Customized ready-to-wear systems ship from the EU 10 to 14 business days after your consultation with a hair replacement consultant to collect your specifications. If ordered together, accessory products ship immediately, but separately from the hair system.Ready-to-wear wigs for womenHairDirect offers pre-made wigs for women. These products cannot be customized. Orders  take up to 21 days for delivery to your address, excluding weekends or holidays. If ordered together, accessory products ship immediately, but separately from the wig.Shipping Costs and Limitations for Accessory Products All shipping costs for accessory products are calculated at the time of your order, according to the weight of your shipment, type of delivery you choose, and your location. Payment is taken when the order is shipped. Offers, exceptions, and options are detailed below.Customers with a valid VAT ID may enter it at checkout to exclude VAT from an order. By entering a valid VAT ID, the VAT charge will be removed from both the product and the shipping cost.All transactions are processed in U.S. dollars, so your financial institution may charge a currency conversion fee for each order.Additionally, we process your payment when we ship your order, not when you place it. If currency exchange rates fluctuate between the time you place your order and when we process your payment, the actual amount charged may vary slightly.Free shipping offerAccessory orders of $50 USD or more qualify for free shipping. We will automatically select GLS as your free shipping carrier. This free shipping offer is not valid on custom hair system orders.Free shipping exceptionsDue to additional shipping and packaging needs, orders of $50 USD or more that include three or more Styrofoam heads are not eligible for free shipping.We cannot ship via ground services to the following islands, and are limited to shipping by air. For that reason, free shipping is not available to the following countries: CorsoGreeceSardiniaSicilyMaltaBalearic IslandsCuetaLas Palmas, CanariasTenerife, CanariasGuernseyShipping limitationsDue to flammability and/or hazardous material regulations beyond our control, certain products can only be shipped via ground shipping and are not available to be shipped by air. These restricted products have a Product Note on the product page.Some countries restrict what can be shipped over their borders. If you order one or more products that are restricted by that country, the product will be automatically cancelled from your order, and the remaining items will ship. Shipping Times and OptionsAll accessory orders received prior to 2:00 p.m. Central European Time (CET), Monday through Friday,  are normally shipped on the same business day, unless it's a weekend or a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise. Orders received Friday after 2:00 p.m. CET will be shipped out the following Monday, unless it's a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise.  Shipping options from the EU warehouseAll accessory orders received prior to 2:00 p.m. Central European Time (CET), Monday through Friday,  are normally shipped on the same business day, unless it's a weekend or a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise.  Orders received Friday after 2:00 p.m. CET will be shipped out the following Monday, unless it's a holiday or our website alert messaging specifically states otherwise.  Shipping options from the EU warehouseCustomers whose orders ship from the EU warehouse can choose between PostNL, UPS and GLS services. Your options may include:PostNLPostNL ParcelUPSUPS StandardUPS Worldwide SaverGLSGLS Parcel