http://www.isbodyjewelry.com/terms-and-conditions
About Us |
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Statement
Industrial Strength Corporation finds the privacy of its visitors very important. The privacy provisions for www.isbodyjewelry.com assure processing of the personal information & details supplied by you are never supplied to third parties in any form.
Process of personal details
You can visit the website of Industrial Strength Corporation without supplying your personal details. However if you enter a contest with us it is necessary to have personal details such as your name, address, phone number (s) e-mail address and the like. You can ask Industrial Strength Corporation to remove your data at any time from our files. We also send out a newsletter. You can indicate if you want to receive this newsletter and you can discontinue delivery at any time.
IP addresses cookies
Our web server automatically collects IP-addresses. IP-addresses are an identification number with which computers on network can identify your computer, so that data (such as web pages) can be sent to your computer. You cannot be identified personally with IP-addresses. Cookies are compact bits of information from Industrial Strength Corporation that are stored on your computer to simplify the use of the website. During the visit to our website these cookies are produced and are consulted. Cookies are not linked to any personal information and can never lead to determination of your identity.
Protection of data
Of course we do everything to protect your data against unlawful use. Industrial Strength Corporation keeps your personal details safe. They are not accessible to third parties or Industrial Strength Corporation employees who do not have the required access rights.
Changes
This privacy declaration has been coordinated for use on the website www.isbodyjewelry.com. New functionalities on this website will lead to changes in this declaration.
Questions
If you have questions concerning this privacy declaration you can always contact us at our email:
orders@iscmailbox.com or our Toll Free phone number: 1-800-339-5725
Industrial Strength Corporation
General conditions of Industrial Strength Corporation
Establishment address:
Industrial Strength Corporation
6115 Corte Del Cedro
Carlsbad, CA 92011
Toll Free: 1-800-339-5725
Local: (760) 795-1068
Fax: (760)-438-8077
Email: orders@iscmailbox.com
Article 1. Definitions
1.1 Customer: every natural or legal person who uses the website of Industrial Strength Corporation and/or enters an Industrial Strength Corporation contest.
1.2 Industrial Strength Corporation (“ISC”): an established venture specializing in wholesale trade in steel, titanium, glass, acrylic and organic body jewelry and accessories, in Carlsbad California USA.
1.3 Agreement: every agreement which comes about between ISC and a customer as well as all
operations for preparation and in implementation of that agreement.
1.4 Website: the website of Industrial Strength Corporation, www.isbodyjewelry.com.
Article 2. Relevance
2.1 These general conditions apply to prizes and agreements both international and domestic contracted on all prizes and agreements of ISC.
2.2 The general conditions stipulated can be deviated from if agreed upon explicitly in writing, in which case the provisions in the unabridged conditions remain effective.
2.3 ISC preserves the right to modify these conditions from time to time. You will find notification of this on top of these general conditions.
2.4 With the use of the website of ISC and/or entering a contest the customer accepts these general conditions.
2.5 These general conditions are supplied on request for no charge.
Article 3. Prizes and agreements
3.1 The customer and ISC expressly agree that by use of electronic communication a valid agreement comes about.
3.2 ISC inspects all products to ensure that the colors and material of products are of premium, yet slight deviations may occur in color, or in form of hand-made Articles. Should the customer demonstrate to ISC that the deviation is perceivable enough to conflict with what is represented on the website; ISC will annul the agreement or replace the prize.
Article 4. Supply and delivery deadlines
4.1 Prizes are filled and delivered as soon as possible after ISC receives the required completed information from the customer.
4.2 ISC delivery dates given up are approximate, not definite periods. ISC will observe these periods as much as possible and provide delivery within 30 days. If circumstances make this period not feasible the customer will be informed of the change in expected delivery date as soon as possible.
4.3 Delays will be communicated to the customer from ISC by e-mail.
4.4 Shipments take place worldwide.
Article 5. Liability ISC limits its liability. ISC is never responsible for consequent damage or indirect damage.
Article 6. supremacy (act of God)
6.1 In case of supremacy if ISC cannot comply with its obligations towards the customer, the obligation is suspended for the duration of supremacy.
6.2 Under supremacy it is understood that each obligation ISC unable to satisfy due to such circumstances will be dealt with independently of other obligations. These circumstances include service or supply of subcontractors, company malfunctions and energy outages. Also it is understood these circumstances include malfunctions in a network connection or communication systems temporary interruption of website availability.
Article 7. Intellectual property
7.1 The customer recognizes that all rights of intellectual property of reflected information, communications or other expressions concerning the products and/or concerning the website rests explicitly with ISC, its subcontractors or other claimants.
7.2 Under intellectual tenures are understood patents, authors, marks, drawings and model rights and/or other rights.
7.3 It is prohibited for the customer to use or modify the intellectual tenures as described in this Article, for example copying, without explicit written authorization of ISC. Article 8. Personal data: ISC will process the data of the customer exclusively taking into account the privacy rules and legislation. Please read privacy declaration.
Article 9. Appropriate right/competent judge
9.1 On all prizes and agreements US Law applies exclusively.
9.2 All disputes linked to, concerning, or resulting from prizes with ISC or agreements closed with ISC are presented to the competent judge in California, USA, unless the law explicitly designates another judge as competent.
Article 10. Miscellaneous
10.1 ISC can be contacted for information on working days from 9:00 up to 17:00 by means of our Toll Free phone number: 1-800-339-5725.
10.2 you can also always contact us by means of our email address: orders@iscmailbox.com
Industrial Strength’s Release for Contest Participation
I hereby acknowledge and agree that none of Industrial Strength Corporation (“ISC”), its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, representatives, and/or agents (collectively, the “Released Parties”) caused, assisted, contributed to, facilitated and/or encouraged me to effect the changes/ modifications to my body which are the subject of the photograph that I am submitting to ISC. I further agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the Released Parties and the Released Parties’ property free and harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, injuries, and/or liabilities arising from or related to the changes/modifications to my body which are the subject of the photograph that I am submitting to ISC.
I further grant ISC the non-exclusive right and permission to use and publish the photograph that I am submitting, in whole or in part, individually or with other photographs, images, or text. I represent and warrant that I am at least eighteen (18) years of age, and the sole and exclusive owner of the photograph that I am submitting. I further represent and warrant that the photograph does not: (i) infringe upon any intellectual property rights of any third party; (ii) violate the rights to privacy of any third party; and/or (iii) violate applicable law. I further represent and warrant that: (i) there are no people other than myself in the photo I am submitting; or (ii) if there are people other than myself in the photo that I am submitting, that: (a) the photo was taken in a public place and/ or at an event that was open to the public; or (b) the photo was taken on private property and at a private event and all of the people in the photo have provided me with their written consent to distribute the photo that I am submitting for publication.
I further acknowledge and agree to abide by the published rules of the contest.
Home |
News |
Gallery |
Videos |
Contests |
Shop Locator |
About Us |
Links |
Contact Us
© Copyright
, Industrial Strength. Terms & Conditions