http://www.atoc.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Draftmaster
Draftmaster Intro
Singles & SWBs
Tandems & LWBs
Trikes
Combinations
Topper Racks
Tandem Topper
Bike Topper
Which Rack for You?
Rack Accessories
Lite Beams
Cycle Art Decals
Parts
Where to Buy
Prices & Specifications
Downloads
Photo Gallery
About ATOC
Who We Are
Sales Policy
Return Policy
Warranty Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
For Our Dealers
Favorite Links
Ahem...
Charlie, the man in charge and inventor extraordinaire, hates spam. He's not too fond of unsolicited sales pitches, robo-calls or junk mail either. So he wants everyone who visits our website, emails us, talks to us on the phone or sends us snail mail to know...Atoc does not and will not use any personal information we receive from you for any purpose other than supporting your use of our products. This includes not sharing or selling your information to anyone outside our company. The fine print is below.
In General
We have developed this privacy policy to inform you about what information this web site collects, who may receive that information and what we may do with the information. We have made every attempt to make this policy as clear as possible. If you have any further questions about it, feel free to contact us.
Your Information
We will not give out any information you submit at our site to any third parties except in compliance with a request of a law enforcement agency. Under no circumstances will your name, e-mail, phone number or address be sold to or given to any other parties without your permission. We will never willfully sell, lease, or rent any personally identifiable information to any third party.
Auto-collected Information
This website has no applications or programs that gather information from your computer without your consent.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us.
Atoc Inc.
3615 132nd St SW, Ste C
Lynnwood, WA 98087
(800) 286-2021
(425) 745-2131
info (at) atoc.com
©Copyright 2009 Atoc, Inc. All Rights Reserved
For more information feel free to Contact Us
Made in the USA