https://www.craftbits.co.uk/info-terms.htm
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Craft Bits
Basket
Products
Bag Handles
Beading Cords
Beads including Pony
Bells
Eyes
Felt
Foam Shapes, Bases and Kits
Jewellery Findings
Magnets
Pixel Hobby
Stems (Pipe Cleaners)
Stickers & Motifs
Toy Making
Yarn, Cotton & Accessories
Other Items
Special Offers
Site Maps
Full List
Newest Items
Valentine & Mothers Day Suggestions
Easter Suggestions
Halloween Suggestions
Christmas Suggestions
Nudinits Components
Clearance Items
T&C, GDPR, Cookies
Ordering Details
Postage & Delivery
Payment Methods
Customer Services
GDPR & Cookies
Full Terms
Info & Contact
About Us
Contact Details
Contact Form
Information Pages
Non-UK Customers
Opening Hours
Last Xmas Posting
Customer Forum
Feedback Guestbook
Links
Forum, Feedback
Customer Forum
Feedback Guestbook
Forum
Feedback
Home
Information
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions (including EU Cookie & GDPR Information)
Ordering Details
Postage & Delivery
Payment Methods
Cancellation & Returns
Customer Services
Contact Details
Security Information
GDPR, Cookies, etc.
Prices of items on the website are subject to change. Full payment, including P&P where
relevant, is required with all orders. All prices include VAT (EU). There is no
minimum order. All order must go through the Secure Internet Shopping Basket, we
are unable to accept Telephone, emailed, Faxed or Posted orders. Card details
can be input online or phoned (not orders) - please do not email or fax them.
Ordering Details
After you have found an item you wish to order please put the number of items you require in the quantity box. If there is a drop down box for the quantity, then the largest number in that drop down box is the amount we have in stock. Where there is an additional drop down list for other options, such as colour, please choose your option. Then hit the Add button next to the item. You will be taken to your Shopping Basket where you can view or change the quantity of each pack you have added. If you want to go back to the same page just use the Continue Shopping button, any link on the Navigation Bar or click the item in the basket.
There is a Basket link on the Navigation Bar which will take you
directly to the Shopping Basket at any time and when you are ready to checkout.
When you have finished shopping please click the "Checkout"
Button in the Shopping Basket. You
have to go all the way through the Shopping Basket right through to
the Exit Page which will show your Order Number (Shopper ID). You do
have the option during checkout to either use the Secure Online Card
Payment
or to phone your Card Details during the times shown in basket, but you still have to go all the way through to the end
and get the Order Number.
You will be sent confirmation of your order by email straight
away - this is your receipt and proof of purchase - if you do not receive
one please let us know. Please check
your receipt and let us know if something is wrong - mistakes are much
harder to correct later. Please double check your address and postcode
as Royal Mail need this to correctly delivery your parcel. If
you have not put the correct address, and the parcel goes
missing, Royal Mail may not pay you compensation.
We will notify you as soon as possible if we are out of stock
giving you the choice of waiting till the items come in stock, amending your
order or cancelling and
re-ordering. This will extend the delivery times stated.
Any items ordered with an item noted as delayed on the website will be
sent with the delayed item as we are unable to send part orders.
We are unable to add items to orders after 6pm on the day before the opening
days in the basket, so please check
your receipt straight away. If something is wrong on your order, and
it has already been sent to the CPU Office, you will be given the
option to cancel and re-order or continue with the order as it is.
We will email
you when your
parcel has been posted -
this is usually
within 3 working days (subject to stock availability) but please
allow up to 7 working days. We do not have a Royal Mail pickup
every day and therefore cannot offer a 'next day' service. Usually the
days stated in the Shopping Basket for the Card Payment opening hours
are the days we get Royal Mail pickup.
Orders need to be placed by 6pm on the day before the days shown in the Shopping Basket. We are not able to send out orders on the same day as ordering at the moment.
Please note - during holiday
periods any deadlines shown may be extended to 21 working days, however this is usually noted on the
website.
All prices include VAT (EU) and we reserve the right to
increase prices if the standard VAT rate should increase.
All products are as
described on our website. Full details can usually be found by clicking
the
button at the top of the product pages. If you would like more
information on any product please Contact Us. The colours shown for mixed packs are
indicative only - actual mix may vary. All sizes are approximate. The
description Gold & Silver usually refers to the colour not the material, unless
otherwise noted. We strive to ensure there are the correct number of items per
pack, however the occasional shortage or breakage may occur. Where items are
pre-packed we have no control over the exact amounts, colours or sizes in the
pack. If an old page is used to order items we are under no obligation to send
the item at that price - please refresh your browser to get the newest pages. If
an old page is used to order we may notify you and give you a choice of options.
Whilst CPU Enterprises strive to provide accurate information on this
website, it assumes no responsibility for accuracy. All images are intended
as a guide only. All content of the website, including pictures, are
subject to copyright - please do not breach this by copying any part
without permission. All pictures and text contain copyright markers
which may be visible, hidden and/or digital. We make sure the pictures of items shown on the website are as accurate as possible, however the colours you see will depend upon your monitor, therefore we cannot guarantee that your monitor will display the colours correctly.
We reserve the right to cancel any order for any reason.
These terms and conditions may be amended at any time without prior
notice by us. Please check this page every time you order to ensure you continue
to abide by them.
Postage Costs & Delivery
All orders for delivery within the UK will incur NO postage costs
on orders over
£30. For
UK orders under £30, postage & packaging costs will be
£3.30.
UK includes the Channel Islands, Northern Ireland and
all Scottish Islands classified within the UK by Royal Mail.
Orders for delivery outside the UK will be charged full
Royal Mail Airmail postage plus an admin charge to cover
packaging etc. Customers outside the UK are
responsible for any charges, including taxes and customs
charges, that may be applicable to the delivery. Due to the nature of our goods it is difficult to establish
non-UK postage costs until the parcel is ready to send. We will
always email you final costs prior to sending the
order giving you the option to cancel, unless you have stated otherwise in the
Message Box in the Shopping Basket. Your
parcel will not be posted, and your Card will not be charged, until you reply to
that shipping quote email - please note this will extend the delivery time. For your information -
minimum
postage costs for Europe countries is £6.09, World Zone 1 (except USA) is £7.35,
World Zone 2 is £8.51
and USA is £9.67.
More information can be found on our
Non-UK Customers page.
UK orders are usually processed and posted within
three working days of CB receiving the order (or card
details if you  use Phone Card option), but please allow
up to 7 working days (subject to stock availability). Please note this may be extended
during certain periods which are usually noted in the Shopping Basket. The days stated in the Shopping Basket for the Card Payment opening hours are
the days we get Royal Mail pickup. Orders need to be placed by 6pm on the day before the days shown in the
Shopping Basket. The payment office is not open on Saturdays, Sundays and
Bank Holidays so orders are never
posted on
these days. We are sorry but we cannot offer a guaranteed next day service at
the moment.
We always send you an email to say your parcel has
been posted.
The time taken for
delivery after we send your parcel is in the hands of Royal Mail. Most UK parcels
are sent by First Class Post and should get to you the next working day after we post
it. Larger UK parcels may be sent by parcel post and have a 3 to 5 working day
delivery time after we have posted it or may be sent in two separate parcels by
First Class Post. We will let you know which when we email you to say the parcel
has been posted. UK parcels include a number which you can use to to check
the delivery of your parcel on the Royal Mail Website.
If you have not received your parcel within 7 days
(UK only) please check at your local Royal Mail sorting
office. Royal Mail should leave a card if they try to
deliver while you are out but do not rely on this. Undeliverable parcels are
usually held at your local Royal Mail sorting office for a couple of weeks before sending back to us,
so you must ring them within that time scale. You must
keep a record of the number, date and time that you rang
them, and the name of the person you spoke to. If the
parcel is returned to us as 'non-deliverable' we will
charge postage at cost to us to re-send the parcel. We
do email you to say your
parcel has been sent so that you can keep an eye out for
your parcel.
Non-UK Orders are sent by Airmail and may take 5 to
10 working days from the time we send it. The
time taken for delivery after we send your parcel is in
the hands of Royal Mail and your local Mail Delivery
Company.
If you have not received your UK parcel
15 working days (3 weeks) after sending, you can claim for non-delivery from Royal Mail.
There is a form on the Royal Mail website you can use to claim and we will
give you as much help as we can. We cannot be held
responsible for items damaged in the post by Royal Mail. There is also a claim form for damaged goods on their website. This
time scale is extended to 20 days for Europe and 25 days for the rest of the world.
If you know you will not be at home there is room in
the Shopping Basket for a different delivery address to
the Card Holders address, but the Card Holders Address
(second in basket) MUST be filled in. We are not able
to give your local Royal Mail Postman instructions on
what to do with the parcel if you are not at home.
Payment Methods
We accept the following Credit and Debit Cards.
MasterCard, Visa Credit, Visa Delta, Visa Electron,Visa Debit, Maestro, JCB, American Express
The easiest way to pay is by our Secure Online Shopping Basket. See Safe and Secure Online Ordering
below.
You may also phone your Card Details (not orders) on 01733 566617
(CPU Enterprises Head Office)
on the dates and times shown in the Shopping Basket link at the top
of the page. Please do not phone outside these times. Please
note - we are unable to accept orders by phone, email or fax. Times
are subject to change, especially around Bank Holidays and during the
Summer months. Please check the up to date times
in the Shopping Basket link at the top of the page every time you
shop. Please let the phone operator know it is a Craft Bits order as
they also deal with other CPU Enterprises Websites.
We will not charge
your account until the day your parcel is sent. This is when your card
is checked as valid and when the money would leave your account. The
card will not be charged on the day you order. Entries on your statement
will state CRAFT BITS. A Visa Receipt will be emailed to the email address you put in the shopping basket so please do double check that it is correct. It does not contain your full card details and you can click a link on that email to feedback about your order.
Please Do Not send Credit
Card details by email.
We are sorry but we do not accept Irish Laser Cards, Cheques, Cash, Money Orders, Bank
Drafts or Postal Orders. We are unable to accept orders 'On Account'.
Payment for all goods and postage must be made before your
parcel can be posted - we cannot accept Invoice Paid Orders from
Council establishments.
Cancellation Policy & Returns Procedure
The Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 (CCR) allow you a cooling off period if
you are not re-selling the goods. This means you have the right to cancel
your whole order within 14 calendar days from the day after you receive
the goods without giving a reason. To cancel your order you must email us at
, or fill in the Cancellation Form,
and wait for an answer before you return the goods. No returns can be accepted without prior contact as you
will need a Return code. All goods must
be returned to us in an un-opened, unused and re-sellable condition within
14 days of receipt at your own cost with the Return Code on the
outside of the parcel.
We suggest you use a Recorded Delivery Service for you own protection as we cannot be held responsible for goods
that don't arrive. Please see the Contact Details
below for the return address. A Credit Note will be raised
within 14 days of CPU Enterprises receiving the goods back in a
suitable condition for reselling. A Refund may be possible on
request at the discretion of CPU Enterprises.
The cooling off period does not apply to businesses, traders or if you are re-selling the goods in any way. Therefore, if you put anything in the Company
Name in the Shopping Basket, it will be assumed you are a business and the CCR would not apply.
Please note we cannot accept part orders back. Any items returned which
do not comply with the above will be charged a 15% (with a minimum of
£1.00) handling and re-stocking fee. We reserve the right not to
accept returns after the 14 days. No returns will be
accepted without prior contact and agreement. End of
Line and Special Offers are Non-Returnable
A credit note equal to the cost of the returned goods, minus
any fees, will be raised for use on your next order. We will email you
with the details you will need to put into the Vouchers Section in the
Shopping Basket or a web page with more instructions. It is up to you
to claim the credit note - there is a 1 month expiry on all Credit Notes.
CPU Enterprises take the utmost care in ensuring you get what you order.
If however any items received are not what was ordered
you must notify us by emailing us at
or filling in the Contact Us Form within 7 days of receipt.
All of the above do not affect your statutory rights.
Customer Services
If you have any queries or complaints regarding our products or services
please contact us by emailing
or filling in the Contact Us Form. We will send an acknowledgement within 3 working days and
strive to resolve any problems within 14 working days. These times may
be extended during certain times.
Contact Details
Craft BitsCPU Enterprises1 Manor House StreetPeterboroughPE1 2TLUnited KingdomEmail -
Please Note -
email is the quickest and best way to get an answer
about Craft Bits items
VAT Registered - 550 7496 29
Credit Card Payment Telephone Line
01733 566617Opening Hours as shown via the "Basket"
link in the Navigation Bar.Please do not phone outside the times shown in the Shopping BasketClosed all Bank Holidays
Please Note - All order must go through the Secure Internet Shopping
Basket, we are unable to accept Telephone, emailed, Faxed or Posted orders.
Card details can be input online at the time of ordering 24/7 or phoned during our opening times only
(see shopping basket link) - please do not email or fax them.
We are sorry but we do not accept cheques, Cash, Money Orders, Bank
Drafts, Postal Orders or Irish Laser Cards
CPU Enterprises is not open on Saturdays, Sundays or UK Bank
Holidays so no orders can be posted on those days. We usually send out
parcels 3 days a week but this may be reduced during holiday times -
usually the Card Opening days are the days we get
a Royal Mail pickup of parcels.
The website is open 24/7 and orders are stored on a Secure Server
(see below).
Safe & Secure Online Ordering
Your Credit Card security is very important to us, and CPU Enterprises
have taken all possible actions to ensure your payment information is
processed accurately and securely. We are PCI Compliant. Please Do Not send Credit Card details
by email.
All CPU Enterprises Web Sites use a 128 Encryption Secure Socket Layer
Server provided by mal's e-commerce. This means your card details can
only be accessed by authorised staff at the CPU Enterprises Head Office.
Your card details are not held on any Database after processing and
are not assessable electronically.
Privacy Statement Including Cookies and GDPR
CPU Enterprises are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not disclose customers details to third parties and we comply with the Data Protection Act 1998, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the EU's Privacy and Communications Directive.
We only use cookies to collect data for the shopping basket.
The only other pages which may use cookies are the Forum and
Polls page. By clicking the links on those page you are deemed
to have accepted the cookie. These Cookies cannot infect your PC or send us any information about you or your PC.
If you want more information about cookies please click
HERE or contact us.
By continuing to shop on this site you agree to a session cookie which will die when you exit the basket or close your browser. If you click the 'Remember Me' section in the shopping basket, you agree to a cookie which will remember only your name and address and is stored on your own computer. Only our shopping basket can access that cookie next time you shop. If you do not tick the box on your next shop the cookie will die.
The information we collect from you, via the shopping basket, is only
used to process your order and notify you of stock status. The required
information includes Your Full Name, Card Holders Registered Home Address,
Delivery Address (if different), Phone Number, Email Address, Credit or
Debit Card Number, expiry date, start date, issue number (if on card)
and CV number. We do not store your Card Details so you will need to let us know these details every time you order.
You can check what information we hold at any time by emailing us at
or filling in the Contact Us Form. If you find any problems we will delete or correct them
promptly, you also have the right to be forgotten under the
GDPR, which we will do promptly on contact from you. However we
are required by government regulations to keep invoice details
for a period of five to seven years.
To comply with the GDPR, we have amended how you sign up to our Newsletter/Updates e-mailing list. You can no longer sign up during checkout, but there is an option on the exit page to join our email Newsletter list. If you are already on our list, and wish to be removed, please use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email Newsletter we have sent you. If you do not wish to order at this time, but do want to be included on our Newsletter/Updates e-mailing list, please use the Subscribe Button on the Main Page.
General
Prices of items on the website are subject to change. Full payment,
including Delivery Charge, is required with all orders. All prices are in UK Pounds
and include VAT (EU). All orders must go through the Secure Internet Shopping
Basket, we are unable to accept Telephone, emailed, Faxed or Posted orders.
Card details can be input online or phoned - please do not email or fax
them. We reserve the right to cancel any order for any reason.
All content of the website, including
pictures, are subject to copyright - please do not breach this by copying any
part without permission. All images and copy on this website are in the
ownership of CPU Enterprises unless noted otherwise. All
pictures and copy contain copyright markers which may be visible,
hidden and/or digital. If you wish to
use any of images or copy from any CPU Enterprise websites you can buy
a licence from CPU Enterprises at the email address below. Anyone
found using images or copy from any of the CPU Enterprises websites
will be sent an invoice for the licence fee plus legal expenses.
Postage and Packing is Free (UK only) on orders over £30.
Orders under £30 have a P+P cost of £3.30 (UK only) - there is no minimum order amount.
All prices include VAT (EU). We will email a shipping quote on Non-UK orders. Secure Shopping Basket.
Terms and Cookies
Home Page
email -
Site Maps
Updated 31/08/20
Designed By CAA Web Design.
Postage and Packing is Free (UK only) on orders over
£30.
Orders under £30 have a P+P cost of £3.30 (UK only) - there is no minimum order amount.
All prices include VAT (EU). We will email a shipping quote on Non-UK orders. Secure Shopping Basket.
Home Page
email -
Updated
20 June 2020
Designed By
CAA Web Design.
TOP