https://www.omegabrite.com/shipping-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Shipping Policy
Shipping Policyp19832017-10-03T10:49:24+01:00
SHIPPING POLICY
View our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or our Return and Exchange Policy.
This Shipping Policy was last revised on: September 25th, 2017.
Once your order is sent out, OmegaBrite will email you with a tracking number so you can trace your delivery any time.
Shipping costs are not included in the item price. The shipping and handling costs are charged based on your order, destination, and the shipping method you have selected. The shipping and handling price will be displayed in the checkout process. We do not pay for customs or duties that may be required. These fees are the responsibility of the customer. Due to different circumstances in different countries at different times OmegaBrite reserves the right to use discretion in choosing the courier for your shipment, and cannot guarantee the shipping time to countries other than the US.
Most purchases are shipped from our warehouse to arrive within 10 business days from the date of shipment for addresses within the continental US. For an additional charge, we can expedite delivery to most destinations.
Please allow up to 2 business days to process, and pack your order. Orders are shipped on business days only. Business days are Monday-Friday, excluding public holidays.
Order Cancellation And Changes
We do not normally accept order cancellations or changes once an order has been processed. If you have a question about your order, please contact us at 1.800.383.2030 and quote your order number.
Order tracking
When your order is shipped from our warehouse, we will send you an email to confirm your shipment – this email will include a tracking number.
Special delivery instructions?
Unfortunately our carriers do not accept special delivery instructions for orders placed through OmegaBrite at this time.
Shipping carriers
The majority of our packages are shipped by UPS. However, we also offer USPS. Have more questions or need help?
Email us at updates@omegabrite.com,  Contact Us or give us a call at 1.800.383.2030 and we will be happy to assist you!
Product has been added to your basket.
Continue Shopping
Checkout
0
Your Cart - (Shipping determined at checkout)
No items found.Start Shopping NowLogin
Shop
OmegaBrite Gelcaps OmegaBrite AutoRefill
About UsBenefits of OmegaBrite
All About Omega-3’s Brighter Mood General Health and Well-being Heart Health Joint Comfort and Mobility
TestimonialsFAQCheckoutMy Account LoginCustomers Login (before Sept 2017)Contact UsBlog
We may use cookies and other similar technologies (together “cookies”) to collect data about your browser, device and location to offer you a better experience and to understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this application, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. California law considers some of this activity to be a “sale” of personal data. To learn more and make choices, click on "Do Not Sell My Information." Page.
Accept Cookies
Go to Top