http://www.yoshimura-rd.com/pages/privacy-policy
Shop
All Products
Shop by Model
New Products
Fitment Updates
Oval Track Cars
Premium Exhausts
Titanium Road Exhausts
Titanium Dirt Exhausts
Genuine Accessories
Fender Eliminator Kits
Turn Signals and Accessories
Case Savers
Engine Plugs
License Plate Frame
Apparel
T-Shirts
Hoodies
Hats / Beanies
Fox Racing / Yoshimura / Honda Collection
Shop All
Branded Merch
Backpack
Yoshimura Cycling
Water Bottle
Shop All
Service Parts
Muffler Repack Kits
Carbon Fiber End Cap Kits
Spark Arresters
Low-Volume Inserts
Muffler Badges & Decals
Shop All
Replacement Parts
Find Your Replacement Parts
Rubber Grommets
Springs
Rivets
Factory Outlet
Factory Outlet
Service
Repair / Repack
Exhaust Repair and Refurbishing
Muffler Repack Services
Road Race Engine Service
GSX R1000 Road Racing
Sprint Car Engine Service
GSX-R1000 Oval Track Race Car
GSX-R600 Micro Mini Sprint
Media
Videos
Yoshimura YouTube Channel
The Yoshimura Difference
Titanium Exhaust System
Yoshimura & Suzuki 40 years
'19 Honda CRF250R Exhaust System
'19 Yamaha YZ250F Exhaust System
'19 Kawasaki KX250 Exhaust System
'19 Kawasaki KX450 Exhaust System
Yoshimura History Series
Part #01: 1922-1954
Part #02: 1950s-1960s
Part #03: Pre-1964
Part #04: Gannosu 1965
Part #05: 1965-1966
Part #06: 1966-1970
Part #07: 1969-1972
Part #08: 1972-1973
Product Highlights
Yoshimura Camshaft - A Non-stop Evolution
Yoshimura Titanium Exhaust
Yoshimura Works Finish
News
Daily Grind
Racing
Road Racing
Yoshimura Japan
Westby Racing
All Race News
Supercross/Motocross
JGRMX Yoshimura Suzuki Factory Racing - AMA SX/MX
H.E.P. Motorsports - AMA SX/MX
Team Honda HRC - AMA SX/MX
GEICO Honda - AMA SX/MX
Team HRC - MXGP
All Race News
Sponsorship
Rider Support Application
Resources
Where to Buy
Where to Buy
Become an Authorized Dealer
Become an E-Commerce Dealer
Muffler Guide
Muffler Style Guide
Exhaust System Description Key
Exhaust System Care
Muffler Repack and Insert Chart
Product Support Videos
Sound Insert Removal and Installation
Heat Shrink Butt Connector Instruction
RS-4 Muffler Re-Pack Instructions
Works Finish Exhaust
Compliance Resources
Aftermarket Exhaust FAQ's
Exhaust Product Categories
Closed Course Acknowledgement Affirmation Form
California Air Resources Board
United States Environmental Protection Agency
Bikes Wanted
2017-2019 Kawasaki Ninja 1000
2020-2021 Kawasaki KLX230
2021 KTM 890 Adventure
2008-2010 Suzuki GSX-R600 / 750
2020-2021 Yamaha YZ450F
2021 Yamaha YZ250F
Log in
Search
Contact
800-634-9166
sales@yoshimura-rd.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Holiday Closure Announcement (Click for Details)
My Rides
Privacy Policy
Acknowledgement and Acceptance of Terms
Yoshimura-rd.com is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interacts with our web site. By accessing yoshimura-rd.com, you acknowledge that you fully understand yoshimura-rd.com's Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Web site Privacy Statement.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
Yoshimura-rd.com collects certain information from and about its users in three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, directly from the user, and through the use of "cookies"; (small amounts of data stored on your computer for our software's later access.)
Web Server Logs
When you visit our Web site, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your IP address
The kind of browser or device you use
Number of links you click within the site
State and/or country from which you accessed the site
Date and time of your visit
Name of your ISP
Web page you linked to our site from
Pages you viewed on the site
Use of Cookies
Yoshimura-rd.com may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
Yoshimura-rd.com reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our web site unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value(such as merging into yoshimura-rd.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our web site.
Personal Information Users
Visitors to our web site can register to purchase services. When you register, we will request some personal information about you such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, facsimile number, account number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data maybe warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary:
To fulfill your service requests for services
To protect ourselves from liability
To respond to legal process or comply with law
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company
You must be at least 18 years old to use this web site. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information about visitors less than 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years of age, you can use the services offered on our web site only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Use of Web Beacons or GIF files
Yoshimura-rd.com web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes also called single-pixel gif's - that allow yoshimura-rd.com to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Yoshimura-rd.com may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to Yoshimura-rd.com and how you use the site. Yoshimura-rd.com prohibits web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
Accessing Web Account Information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current.
Changes to this Statement
Yoshimura-rd.com has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date at the top of this privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
Close (esc)
Free Shipping
Free Ground Shipping on Web Orders over $75.00*48 Contiguous States
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now
x