http://www.kingschools.com/about/privacy/
Becoming a Pilot
How to Become a Pilot
Private Pilot Certificate
Drone Pilot Training
Drone Pilot Information
King Online Aviation Library
Clear Flight Training Hurdles
Manage Flying Risks
Practical Risk Management Courses
Garmin Avionics Courses
Career Pilot Training Bundle
Sport Pilot Certificate
Cessna Integrated Training
EASA Courses
Already a Pilot
The Benefits of an Instrument Rating
Instrument Rating
Commercial Pilot Certificate
Multi-Engine Rating
King Online Aviation Library
Flight Review (BFR) / Return to Flying Kits
Return to Flying
Single Subject Courses
Advanced Courses
Helicopter Courses
Manage Flying Risks
Practical Risk Management Courses
Garmin Avionics Courses
Cessna Integrated Training
EASA Courses
Flight Instructor
FREE Flight Instructor Resources
Flight Instructor Refresher (FIRC)
Helo Flight Instructor Refresher (FIRC)
FREE TSA Security Awareness Training
Become a Flight Instructor (CFI)
King Online Aviation Library
Instrument Flight Instructor (CFII) Rating
Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Exam Courses
Multi-Engine
NAFI Member Benefits
Cessna Integrated Training
Reseller Programs
Pro / Turbine
Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) Exam Course
Jet Transition
RVSM Pilot Certification
International Flight Ops Overview
Oceanic RNP Pilot Certification
P-RNAV/B-RNAV Pilot Certification
NAT HLA Pilot Certification (MNPS)
ETOPS Pilot Certification
ADS-B Pilot Training for Intl Operations
High Altitude Training
RNAV-1 & -2 Pilot Certification
Introduction to Radar
Icing Operations Pilot Certification
TAWS
Part 135
HAZMAT for Will-Not-Carry Operators
Crew Resource Management (CRM)
VisionSafe EVAS Training Course
Collins-Aerospace Avionics Courses
Garmin Avionics Courses
Get-It-All Bundles
Boeing & Airbus Courses
Airline Pilot Interview Prep Course
King Online Aviation Library
Flight Schools
Reseller Programs
Cessna Flight Training System
King Schools Training Program
Aviation Mechanic
Airframe Exam
Powerplant Exam
General Exam
A&P Exam Bundle
King Online Aviation Library
Supplies
King Online Aviation Library
Cockpit Gear
E6B & Plotters
FMS Collins-Aerospace Trainers
Redbird TD & Accessories
Redbird Simulator Hardware
Home
|
About King Schools
|
Meet John & Martha
|
Customer Service
|
KING Pilot Community
|
800-854-1001
My Cart
Go to MyOnline Courses
Home >
About King Schools >
Privacy Policy
King Schools Privacy PolicyUpdated: June 24, 2020
Thank you for visiting our website (the "Site") operated by King Schools, Inc. ("King" or "we" or "us" or "our").
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what personal information we collect through the Site, how we collect and use that information, and with whom we share it.
This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your personal information.
By accessing and/or using the Site, you agree that your use of the Site and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy.
What Types of Personal Information We May Collect
We may collect and retain on the Site certain categories of personal information, including your:
Name;
Postal Address;
Telephone Number;
E-mail Address;
Credit Card Information for Purchases;
Pilot Status and Certificate Number;
Account Login and Preferences;
Internet Protocol ("IP") Address(es); and
Unique Device Identifier for Security Purposes.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We may collect personal information in different ways, including the following, when you:
Contact our customer support desk;
Sign up for our electronic newsletter;
Request a course catalog;
Register for a course through the Site;
Participate in another feature of the Site, such as course reviews or leave comments on our Blog or social media post;
Provide us with comments or suggestions;
Send us an e-mail or fill in one of the forms on the Site; or
Submit a purchase, order, return, exchange or request certain information about our products and services.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information primarily to process your order, ship your products to you, maintain and secure your web account, for internal quality reviews, for improving the Site, and for marketing efforts.
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
Your name, address and telephone number may be provided to a shipping company, such as the United States Postal Service, United Parcel Service or Federal Express, for delivery of your order.
We will use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation when you place an order with us.
We may send to your e-mail address and/or your postal address our catalog mailer, special offers, learning tips and other notifications that we think will meet your flying and flight training needs.
We may call your telephone number to share with you information regarding our special product opportunities, new products, services or upcoming events.
If you give us permission, we may share, sell, trade, or rent your name, e-mail address, and postal address to other established and reputable companies offering aviation products and services that we think would be of interest to you.
We will use your account information to provide you with access to your order history.
We use a technology called "cookies" on the Site. A cookie is a small bit of information that we ask your browser to store. We limit what is stored on your browser to information related only to your user experience (e.g., no passwords, credit card information, etc.).
We also use third party analytics (including Facebook Pixel and Google Analytics) to improve user experience and create better products and services.
We may also use your personal information for complying with legal obligations, including (a) to comply with legal requirements or respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process received by us, (b) when necessary to enforce or apply the Privacy Policy and any other agreement we may have with you, and (c) to protect our rights or the property or safety of our users, employees, or the general public.
Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA) and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
King Schools will not use any Data to advertise or market to students or their parents where courses taken in the Cessna or King Schools LMS are a school requirement.
With Whom We May Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information:
With delivery service providers to fulfill your orders;
With other companies offering aviation products and services that we think would be of interest to you;
With our employees for development, improvement and provision of the Site;
With governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention, or investigation, which we may do when (a) permitted or required by law, (b) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, or (c) investigating fraud which has already taken place;
To comply with a legal obligation or to protect and defend our rights or property, if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary; and
To a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation, or other corporate reorganization in which we participate or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of our assets to which the Site relates.
Your Personal Information Protection Rights and Choices
We pledge to place you on a pedestal. John and Martha may be the Kings, but to us, the real "kings" are our customers. If at any time you wish to know what personal information we hold about you or if you want it to be removed from our records, please contact us using the contact information set out below.
Please notify us if you move or change your phone number or e-mail address so we can update your records.
You can do this easily by e-mailing us at listManager@kingschools.com and placing "change of address or phone" in the subject line of the e-mail.
You have the right to:
Select whether we share your personal information with other companies offering aviation products and services.
You are able to select whether we share your personal information or change your selection by e-mailing us at listManager@kingschools.com and placing "share" or "do-not-share" in the subject line (please include your full name and postal address);
Opt out of promotional telephone calls from us.
Opt out from receiving promotional telephone calls from us by either calling us at 800-854-1001 or sending an e-mail to listManager@kingschools.com and placing "do-not-call" in the subject line (please include your full name and phone number);
Opt out of postal special offers.
Opt out from receiving special offers from us by postal mail by sending an e-mail to listManager@kingschools.com and placing "no postal offers" in the subject line;
Access or update your personal information.
Find out if we use your personal information, access your personal information and have it corrected or amended if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Withdraw consent.
Withdraw any express consent that you have provided to the processing of your personal information at any time in the applicable manner set forth above;
Object.
Object to our processing of your personal information;
Personal information portability. Obtain a transferable copy of some of your personal information which can be transferred to another provider when the personal information was processed based on your consent;
Rectification.
If you believe your personal information is inaccurate, no longer necessary for our business purposes, or if you object to our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your data pending our investigation and/or verification of your claim; and
Deletion or restriction.
Request your personal information to be deleted or restricted under certain circumstances (e.g., if King is using your personal information on the basis of your consent and has no other legal basis to use such, you may request your personal information be deleted when you withdraw your consent).
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above, or submit a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, please contact us by e-mail at custserv@kingschools.com or by telephone at 800-854-1001.
You also have choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information:
You may manage your registration information at any time by visiting and logging into the Site using your account log in information;
You may opt-out of receiving e-mails or newsletters and other offers by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our e-mails or newsletters; and
You may be able to configure your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, should you decide not to accept cookies from the Site, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit the Site.
Users of the Site from California:
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a policy identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this Privacy Policy, please submit a written request to the address below.
Visiting the Site from outside the United States:
We store and process all personal information within the US.
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information will typically be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Users of the Site from the European Union ("EU"):
If your personal information is subject to General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), in the course of providing the Site to you, we may transfer your personal information outside of the EU, principally to our servers in the United States; this means that your personal information will not have the automatic protection of European data protection laws (including the GDPR) which apply in the EU.
In these circumstances, in order to ensure that your personal information continues to have adequate protection when it is transferred outside the EU, your personal information will only be transferred on one of the following bases:
Where the transfer is subject to one or more of the appropriate safeguards for international transfers prescribed by applicable law (for example, standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission);
A European Commission decision provides that the country or territory to which the transfer is made ensures an adequate level of protection; or
There exists another situation where the transfer is permitted under applicable law (for example, where we have your explicit consent).
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your personal information when it is transferred outside the EU by contacting us using the details set out below.
How We Protect Your Person Information:
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring, transmitting, storing and receiving your personal information.
Retention of Personal Information
We only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to perform a contract with you, comply with our legal obligations (e.g., if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice to you.
If our personal information collection, use, and storage practices change in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy on the Site with a new effective date.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted and become effective immediately.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy periodically.
Third-Party Advertisers and Websites
The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy are for the Site only. The Site includes third-party advertising and hyperlinks to other websites. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites and contact said advertisers and websites directly with any inquiries. We do not have access to or control over the features that are used and their respective policies.
Children's Privacy and International Considerations
The Site does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Our Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns or comments about our Privacy Policy you may contact us using any of the following ways:
By mail:
King Schools, Inc.
3840 Calle Fortunada
San Diego, CA 92123
By e-mail:
custserv@kingschools.com
By telephone:
You can reach us by telephone at 800-854-1001(or worldwide at +1-858-541-2200)
Monday-Thursday: 6:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Friday: 6:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Saturday: 7:00 AM - 12:00 PM
Sunday: 12:00 PM - 7:00 PM
(Pacific Time Zone)
Customer Service
Toll Free 800-854-1001
Intl. +1 858-541-2200
Technical Support
Toll Free 877-810-5464
Intl. +1 858-541-2202
Worry-free Shopping
Money Back Guarantee
Ordering from KING
Trade in your old course
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Status
Technical Support
About Us
Meet John & Martha
Our Company
Scholarships
Job Opportunities
John and Martha's Blog
Ordering
Shipping Options
Resources
Request a Catalog
News
FAR / AIM Online
Other GA Sites
FREE FAA Test Site
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Blog
Instagram
Join ouremail list
© 2020 King Schools, Inc. All Rights Reserved
3840 Calle Fortunada - San Diego, CA USA 92123-1825 | 800-854-1001 or +1 858-541-2200 (worldwide)