http://www.coronatoolsusa.com/privacy-disclaimer
(800) 847-7863
Our Company
About Corona®
Company History
Resources
Resource Center
FAQs
Customer Service
Dig In
Blog
Pressroom
Podcast
Corona Cares
Shop Tools and Parts
To protect your privacy, Corona follows practices in accordance with worldwide policies. Corona is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us. In general, you can visit Corona web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. This Personal Information is collected to help Corona better serve its visitors. In a few areas on our Web site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to:
Enhance our software product and create relevant content
Assist you with technical support issues or to alert you about product upgrades
Subscribe to a newsletter, receive updated information, or to receive special offers
Follow up with you after your visit, for instance, if you attended an online seminar or requested information about a product or service
Make our site easier to use by not having to enter information more than once
Connect you to an outside agency who can help service your request
In each of the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, type of business, customer preference information, customer number, as well as other information that is needed. In the case of mailing lists, you will be able to “unsubscribe” at any time.
The information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Corona.
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Corona.
Cookies
We sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our sites to help us provide better customer service and we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous.
This anonymous information is sometimes known as “clickstream data”. This anonymous information is collected through the use of various technologies, including one called “cookies”. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies.
Data Security
Corona is committed to data security with respect to information collected on our site. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Children’s Privacy Policy
Corona does not knowingly market its goods or services to minors. Corona encourages its younger visitors to get their parents’ permission before providing any information to our website. Although the nature of the Internet makes it impossible for Corona to know the age of its visitors, it is unlikely that we will inadvertently collect personal information voluntarily submitted, as through conference registrations or order forms, because we require credit card account number, which should exclude all but the most precocious minor.
Enforcement
If for some reason you believe Corona has not adhered to these principles, please contact our Marketing Department, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. All information collected prior to any change in our privacy policy will be constrained to the terms and conditions that were in effect at the time that the information was collected.
Corona Partners
Careers
Media Relations
Privacy Disclaimer
Statement of Warranty
CORONA TOOLS 22440 Temescal Canyon Road Corona, CA 92883
CUSTOMER SERVICE Mon - Fri, 7:30 AM - 4:30 PM PST Phone: (800) 847-7863 Contact Us
Copyright 2020 Corona Tools.