http://www.numberoneshowplates.co.uk/terms.html
Home
Number Plates
Show Plates
Plate Registration
Contact
.Blog
.Useful Information
Home»
Terms
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy Statement For casual visitors to our website, we do not collect any information regarding domains, e–mail addresses, or any other personal details.
The information that we collect from our customers is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an email to us via the contact page stating that you do not wish to receive any further communications from our company.
If you have supplied us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products, services or upcoming events. Please provide us with your exact name and address if you do not wish to receive such mailings, send details via the contact page.
Persons who have supplied us with their telephone number online may receive calls from us with information regarding orders they have placed on–line. Please provide us with your correct phone number via the contact page if you do not wish to receive any such contact.
NumberOneShowPlates.co.uk has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our customers. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our websites.
We use cookies to help maintain a consistent experience for our customers. Cookies are used throughout our site for the shopping basket facility as this enables us to keep track of the products in your shopping basket. At no time is any personal information stored within a cookie.
Visitors to our site can refuse cookies by turning them off in their browser please note this will result in online purchasing becoming inaccessible due to the shopping basket function relying on cookies.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and keep track of how many visitors our websites have had. At no time is your IP address used to help identify you.
This site contains links to other sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Our websites use an orderform for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitors’ contact information such as email address and telephone numbers. Contact information from order forms are used to send order details and information to our customers from our company only. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt–out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt–out section below. The information that you provide to us will not be shared or sold to any other company or individuals at any time.
All Payments from this site are taken through Pay Pal. When you make a purchase “proceed to checkout” you will be taken to a secure server. At the bottom of the page you will see a small padlock that informs you that your information is encrypted and you are on a secure server (SSL). Also, in the address bar the URL should start with “https://”. This Pay Pal only uses the highest level of Internet Security. At no time will your information be in any danger of theft.Pay Pals privacy policy: https://www.paypal.com/uk/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/ua/policy_privacy-outside
Choice/Opt–Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
If you do not wish to be placed on our mailing list please contact us via our contact page with a request to be removed. This will be carried out without any hesitation.
Contacting the Web Site
If at any time you wish to contact us, please go to the contact page. Here you will be able to contact us via on–line form, telephone, or mailing address.
Warranty / Returns Policy
We want you to feel confident when shopping with us. That is why our returns policy is very simple and straightforward.
No authorization is required but we ask that you email us with the reason, so that we can make sure the same problem doesn’t occur again. If you are unable to do this please include a note indicating the reason for your return, include the packing slip, and box the package securely. If you do not have your packing slip, please indicate your name, address and the order number on a separate piece of paper, and send the package to the address on the contact page.
We cannot accept responsibility for lost items during transit; we recommend that you ship by Royal Mail Special Delivery, USPS Insured Post or any other service, like UPS or FedEx, which offers tracking numbers.
Items Received as a Gift
If a Show Plate has been damaged after being sent to you as a gift we will not be able to offer a refund unless it has been sent to you directly from NumberOneShowPlates.co.uk.
If faulty Plate received from us was sent to you as a gift, we can issue a cheque refund to the gift recipient at the same address to which the order was shipped if it is within 14 days of receipt (from being sent from NumberOneShowPlates.co.uk). Please include your packing slip or the name of the person who gave the gift. Please include your e–mail address so that we may confirm your refund.
Refunds
We will notify you via e–mail of your refund once we have received the returned items. Please note that we can refund shipping costs only if the return is a result of our error.
Need more information or assistance?
If you have any problems with your order, please don‘t hesitate to contact us.
Sitemaps:
XML
HTML
ROR
About us
Privacy
Terms
©Number Plates Show Plates 2009
Information:
Car Number Plates
Numbers Registration
UK Personalised Number Plates
Badged Plates
Cherised Number Plates
Sell my house
More Useful Resources:
Private plates on leased vehicles