http://www.subaruparts.com/policies/privacy
Tacoma Subaru, Inc. takes your privacy seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Your privacy is our priority. Because we do gather certain types of information from visitors to our sites, we have developed a privacy statement to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This statement discloses the types of information we gather, how it is used, and how you can gain access to and edit any data that we've collected about you at any time. Non-Personally Identifiable Data: Anytime you visit our Web site, we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address and any search engine you may have used to locate the site. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web site, and compile broad statistical data. In addition, we gather certain navigational information about  the site you visited just before coming to our Web site, where you go on our site, and where you go after leaving our Web site. This information enables us to determine which areas of the Web sites are most frequently visited and helps us to tailor the sites to the needs and interests of our online visitors. Such information is gathered by us in the aggregate and will not be associated with a specific individual without that individual's consent. Disclosure of Personal Information: Tacoma Subaru, Inc. understands the importance of your privacy. We collect and maintain the personal information of our consumers for our use and our subsidiaries. We do not sell, rent, or trade consumer information to third parties, other than as described below, and never without your consent.
Terms & Conditions for Sale of Products and Parts:Prices shown are valid for online orders only plus shipping.Tacoma Subaru, Inc. reserves the right to correct typographical and printing errors.Tacoma Subaru, Inc. reserves the right to correct prices or calculation errors.All prices are subject to change without prior notice. We will notify you by phone or email if there is a pricing error.Tacoma Subaru, Inc. reserves the right not to proceed with any order where we feel that it will put us, the recipient, or any other party in a vulnerable position either financially or for any other justifiable reason. We will contact every customer placing an order to notify them of the cancellation providing a viable contact email has been given. We may not be prepared to incur extra expense, other than to use email to cancel such an order.Warranty:Warranty is subject to the policies set by the manufacturer. Please inquire about warranty prior to purchase.Use of Cookies:Tacoma Subaru, Inc. may use a browser feature known as a "cookie." Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing you with a customized browsing experience. Our dealership uses cookies to provide you with the convenience of not having to reenter information, such as user IDs and passwords, multiple times during your visits to our Web sites. Cookies can also be utilized to help us provide you with information targeted to your interests, based upon your prior browsing on our Web sites. The "help" section of the toolbar on most browsers will inform you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you upon the receipt of a new cookie, or how to disable the use of cookies completely. As our Web sites have been designed to take advantage of the use of cookies. Should you configure your browser to decline their use, certain features of our Web sites may not function correctly and you may be required to renter any user IDs and passwords more frequently.Passwords:The personal data record created through your registration with our Web site can only be accessed with the unique password associated with that record. To protect the integrity of the information contained in this record, you should not disclose or otherwise reveal your password to third parties. Policy Changes This policy is subject to change. If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on this privacy policy page.
If you have any questions you can contact us at support[at]subaruparts.com.