http://www.uniquemagazines.co.uk/HelpPages/privacynotice
0345 303 6750
Monday-Friday 9.30am-4pm
The product has been added to your basket.
Click on 'View your Basket' to see your full basket.
Basket Â£0.00 (0)
Your Basket
There are no items in your basket
View Basket
COVID-19 Important Delivery Updates
Browse Categories
Tap to Browse Categories
General Interest Leisure & Lifestyle Men & Women Interests Kids & Teens Motoring & Transport Sport Magazines from Abroad Indie
A-Z
News
Schools
Libraries
B2B
My Account
Login
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Renewals
Help
What payment methods are accepted?
How long will it take to receive my first magazine?
All Help Topics
Privacy Notice
BACKGROUND:
Please note we have important information about our use of cookies on the Unique Magazines website which you can read here : Unique Magazine Cookies
Unique Magazines Limited is a company registered in England and Wales.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
Overview
Maintaining the security of your data is a priority at Unique Magazines and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights. We pledge to handle your data fairly and legally always.
As a Data Controller, Unique Magazines Ltd are dedicated to being transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it. Our full contact details can be found at the end of this notice.
This document provides you with information about:
How we use your data.
What personal data we collect.
What our legal basis for processing your data is
How we ensure your privacy is maintained.
Your legal rights relating to your personal data.
Cookies and how we use them
Retention of your data
Scope of this privacy notice
This privacy notice applies only to the actions of Unique Magazines and Users with respect to the services provided by us. It does not extend to any other services or websites that can be accessed from our website including any links we may provide to social media websites.
How we use your Data
We collect and process information with the aim of understanding your needs and in order to provide you with our goods and services.  In particular we collect and process your data for the following reasons:
When you buy goods from us, we will ask you for information in order to allow us to fulfil the contract;
To carry out our obligations arising from any purchases you make which includes but is not limited to, the performance of post-sales services, administration of orders and accounts, shipping and handling of complaints.
To provide you with information about current or other products and services that we may offer from time to time and are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about. This will only apply if you have opted in to receive marketing material from Unique Magazines. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe link on the email
We may use your data to contact you for market research purposes to help us understand how we can improve our services to you.
What personal data do we collect?
Through our contact channels, we may collect the following information from you:
Name, Date of birth, Gender, Job title, Profession;
Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
Financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
A list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this Web Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected).
Our legal basis for processing your data
We are required to advise you of our legal basis for processing your data. We collect and use our customers’ personal data because is it necessary for:
the purposes of performance of a contract for the sale of goods and services (to which you are party) or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
the pursuit of our legitimate interests (as set out below) or;
to comply with our legal obligations.
We may also seek your consent for processing and if we do, you have the right to withdraw this at any time.
Our legitimate interests
We have a legitimate interest to process your personal data in order to fulfil the following:
selling and supplying goods and services;
protecting customers, employees and other individuals and maintaining their safety, health and welfare;
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services;
understanding our customers’ behaviour, activities, preferences, and needs;
improving and developing products and services;
complying with our legal and regulatory obligations;
handling customer contacts, queries, complaints or disputes;
protecting Unique Magazines, its employees and customers, by taking appropriate legal action against third parties who have committed criminal acts or are in breach of legal obligations.
effectively handling any legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions taken against us
fulfilling our duties to our customers, colleagues, shareholders and other stakeholders.
How we ensure your privacy is maintained
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers which are located within the UK. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Providing your personal data to others
All financial transactions relating to our services (including our website) are handled by our payment services providers, PayPal And Sage pay.  We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at:
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Your data will be encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).  All payment service providers adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
No other third parties have access to your personal data unless it is specifically required to meet either contractual obligations
Finally we do not disclose personal information about individuals to advertisers or sell your information to any other organisation for marketing or any other purposes.
Your legal rights relating to your personal data
You have a number of rights over your data as covered by data protection law.  We have produced a short summary of these rights (below) however full details can be found by visiting the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) via www.ICO.gov.uk
the right to be informed; before we begin processing your data, we will tell you what we need, why we need it and what we intend to do with it.
the right of access; You have the right to ask us to provide you with the data we hold about you.  This is usually completed via a Subject Access Request.
the right to rectification; You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
the right to erasure; In certain instances, you have the right to have your data erased without undue delay. There are however a number of exclusions and details of which can be found by contacting the ICO.
the right to restrict processing; In certain instances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. However, there are a number of exclusions and details of which can be found by contacting the ICO.
the right to object to processing; In certain instances, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. There are however a number of exclusions and details of which can be found by contacting the ICO.
the right to data portability; You have the right to ask us to provide you with the data we hold about you.  Where appropriate, we will provide this to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.  If we undertake these activities using your data, we will adopt suitable procedures and you have the right to understand and challenge these.
Retention of your data
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this notice. Different retention periods apply for different types of data.  Data retention periods maybe legally imposed upon us or we may need to retain data to protect the vital interests of you or another natural person.  In general terms, Unique Magazines will only retain your information while your account remains active or you are within a subscription contract and for a period of 12 months after the last transaction date upon which all personal data will be deleted from our systems.
If you have consented to marketing, we will retain your information until you request to be removed/deleted. You can do this at any time by contacting Unique Magazines on 0345 303 6750, by email at enquiries@uniquemagazines.co.uk or via your account.
Cookies and how we use them
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site. For full details explaining what cookies are and how we use them, please see our Cookie Policy.
Changes of Business Ownership and Control
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Unique Magazines Ltd. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this privacy notice, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us. We may also disclose data to a prospective purchaser of our business or any part of it.
In the above instances, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring your privacy is protected.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under this privacy notice to any other person. We may transfer our rights under this privacy notice where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this privacy notice (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part-provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this privacy notice will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other, right or remedy.
This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England and Wales. All disputes arising under the Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. We reserve the right to change this privacy notice as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the privacy notice on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
Contact Us
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible and we will promptly respond to your concerns.  Our contact details are as follows: Unique Magazines, Sands Industrial Estate, Swalwell, Newcastle Upon Tyne, NE16 3DD or by email enquiries@uniquemagazines.co.uk .In addition, if you have a complaint or consider that we have in some way infringed your rights or data protection law, please let us know and we will do all we can to investigate this. Alternatively, you have a legal right to contact the relevant supervisory authority responsible for data protection.  In the case of the UK, this is the Information Commissioners Office. (Telephone - 0303 123 1113 or via email or in writing to Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF)
How we use Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site.
We use the following cookies:
Login 'remember me' Cookie (if checked on log-in), enabling you to remain signed in until you manually sign-out of the service. The cookie will be removed upon sign-out, or if you have not visited the site for a period of more than one year.
Basket Information enabling previous products that you have added to your basket to be remembered. Cookie removed when a successful login has been completed, or a period of one year, whichever is sooner
Tracking referral site information so we can better identify where traffic is coming from.
Third party Cookie from the Google Analytics service, enabling us to track the flow of users through the Unique Magazines site, in aid of improving our service. Please refer to Google’s Privacy Policy for more details.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Please note that third parties (including, publishers) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
Help Topics
Contact Us
Delivery Services
Gifting
My Order
Payment and Pricing
Policies
Questions and Answers
Returns and Refunds
All Help Topics
Your Account
Information
Contact Details
New Magazines
About Unique Magazines
Publishers
Publisher Subscription Services
Single Issue Magazines
Children's Magazines
Customer Service
Contact us on 0345 303 6750
9.30am - 4pm Monday - Friday
Social Networks
Follow us through our social networking.
Unique Magazines Limited
Sands Industrial Estate
Swalwell
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE16 3DJ
©Copyright Unique Magazines 2020 All rights reserved. VAT Number 828958664.
Unique Magazines Limited is a company registered in England and Wales.
Company Number 04842207.
Request a Magazine
Newsletter Signup
I'm fine with this [X]
Unique Magazines uses cookies. Read about our cookies.
If you continue to use the site, we'll assume you're happy to accept the cookies.