http://www.auntjoy.com/terms-and-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Home
About Aunt Joy
Product & Ordering Information
PricingPersonalizingFabrics and ColorsShipping & ReturnsTerms and ConditionsHappy CustomersFAQ
Blog
Mini Stockings
Tree Skirts
Contact
List of All Designs
Categories
All Designs
Angels
Animals & Pets
Christmas Classics
Christmas Trees
Gingerbread
Hobby & Themes
Military
Music
Reindeer & Moose
Religious & Spiritual
Santa
Snowmen
Sports
Teddy Bears
Toys
Plain & Simple Keepsake
Everything Else
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomeProduct & Ordering InformationTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Company, Aunt Joys Christmas Stockings. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves.. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy Statement & ConfidentialityOur Privacy and Confidentiality policy is simple. We DO NOT share customer information with anyone, EVER!
Disclaimer
Exclusions and LimitationsThe information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. We reserve the right to change the information on our website. Please check back often to review our policy.
Purchase & Payment
Credit Cards are accepted as method of payment when purchasing on our website. All goods remain the property of the Company until paid for in full. When you make a purchase you will receive an Order Confirmation email outlining when your product will be shipped.  When the product is shipped you will receive a shipping notice stating when the package was shipped and an approximate arrival date and tracking number.
Cancellation Policy. Returns. Refunds Policy
Customers can cancel their order any time until the package has shipped.  Once a package has shipped, the customer must return the package to Aunt Joys to receive a refund.  Refunds are processed once the package is inspected and deemed complete. Products can be returned up to 30 days after delivery date to be eligible for a refund. Returns are for product only. No returns for shipping/handling charges. Personalized products returned for a refund have a 20% restocking fee.
Copyright. Tradmark.Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Links to this websiteYou may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this websiteWe do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice& TrademarkCopyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text, photos and designs  relating to the Company’s products and services and the full content of this website.
Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
This Company’s logo is a registered trademark in the United States and other countries. The brand names and specific services of this Company featured on this web site are trademarked. All designs and artwork on this website are copyright protected.  Anyone attempting to copy our logo, designs or patterns in whole or part will be vigorously persued.
CommunicationAll contact information can be found on our website at www.auntjoy.com.
If you have questions or comments. Email info@auntjoy.com or call 1-309-788-9325
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or making a purchase,  indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
Aunt Joys Christmas Stockings 2013 All Rights Reserved
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 Aunt Joys Personalized Christmas Stockings.
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce