http://www.barbecuecountry.com/privacy-policy
Newsletter Sign up
sign up for our exclusive email list and be the first to hear of special promotions, new arrivals, and designer news.
Ensuring your privacy is our highest priority. We do not sell or rent your email address to outside companies. View our Privacy Policy.
About Us
Events
Price Guarantee
Parts & Services
Blog
Privacy Policy
780.469.9970
5682 - 75 Street NW
Edmonton
Alberta, Canada T6E 5X6
0
Home
Barbecues & Smokers
Gas Grills
Charcoal Grills
Portable Grills
Electric Grills
Smokers
Commercial Grills
Built-in Grills
Outdoor Living
Patio Heaters
Fire Tables
Fire Pits
CRPlastics
RovR Products
Accessories
Built In
EGGcessories
Broil King Keg
Kamado Joe
Commercial
Portable
Covers
Sauces & Spices
Rotisseries
All Collections
Wood & Charcoal
Recipes
Pork
Beef
Poultry
Lamb
Seafood
Starters
Vegetables
Dessert
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Barbeque Country Ltd. (“Barbecue Country”) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. The goal of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information (including personal data) that we may gather or collect from you in connection with your use of this website. The Privacy Policy is also intended to explain the conditions under which we use and disclose that information, and your rights in relation to that information.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy is effective from May 25th, 2018.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
WHAT WE COLLECT
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE - PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information from you when you contact us, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, inquire or request about materials being ordered and similar situations in which you have chosen to provide personal information to us.
If you do not want your personal information collected, do not provide it to us. The database and its contents remain at our company and stay with data processors or servers acting on our behalf and responsible to us. Your personal data will not be passed on by us or by our agents for use by third parties in any form whatsoever, unless we have obtained your consent or are legally required to do so.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
You can visit all public areas of our site without providing any personal information about yourself. Our website collects only non-personal information based on a visitor's Internet Protocol (IP) address (this is not personally identifiable). Information collected includes the date and time of visit, the type of Internet browser used to access the site, and the referring address (the link a visitor uses to access the site).
Some parts of the site use embedded pixel or JavaScript technologies to facilitate your use of the website and to track general traffic. We use your anonymous data to obtain general statistics regarding the use of the site and its specific web pages and to evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our site on an aggregate basis.
This data is used to create statistics on site usage and improve online services. We do not link your anonymous data with personal data.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer's hard drive. Once the file is added, the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ (http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/)
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
WEB BEACONS
We also place small "tracker gifs" or "beacons" on many of the pages on our Website. We use these beacons, in connection with cookies, to collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including, but not limited to, the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the referring web page, the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), the type of operating system (e.g., Windows, Mac, etc.), the domain name of Internet service providers, and other non-personal information included in Google Analytics. This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole, in aggregate. Web beacons are not used to access or store your personal information.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how you use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of this website is transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the United States. IP anonymization is activated on this website, and Google will within member states of the European Union and other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area shorten your IP address prior to transmission. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and shortened there. On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports about website activities and providing other services associated with the use of the website and the Internet to the website operator. Google will not join the IP address transmitted by your browser within the frame of Google Analytics with any other data held by Google. You may prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the respective settings on your browser, however, please note that, in this case, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website. In addition to that, you may prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as from processing such data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Further information on the terms of use or privacy policy can be found at: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ or  http://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.
GOOGLE AD WORDS
This website uses Google AdWords, an analysis service provided by Google, and Conversion Tracking as part of Google AdWords. In doing so, if you click on an advertisement displayed by Google, Google AdWords places a cookie for Conversion Tracking on the hard driver of your computer (a "conversion cookie"). These cookies are not used for personal identification. If you visit specific pages on our website, we and Google can detect that you have clicked on this advertisement and were directed to this page.
The information collected by means of the conversion cookies serve to create statistics for AdWords customers who use Conversion Tracking. Through these statistics, we learn the total number of users who have clicked on the advertisement displayed by Google and have retrieved a web page equipped with a Conversion Tracking tag.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
Barbecue Country only uses your information to conduct business with you, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service and to personalize communications and your web experience, always provided you have given your explicit consent, where required by statutory law (e.g. when we send marketing e-mails to you).
We use your information for the following purposes:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
If you have given your consent, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
communicating with you where you have submitted a query to us
performance of warranty claims
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
Your personally identifiable information will not be rented or sold to any third party.
Barbecue Country may share your personal information as follows:
Business Transfers: Barbecue Country reserves the right, under consideration of statutory law, to disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Companies who work on our behalf: Barbecue Country contracts with other companies to perform business support functions on our behalf, which may involve limited access to your personal information. Barbecue Country requires these companies to use the information only to provide the contracted services; they are prohibited from transferring the information to another party except as needed to provide those services. Some examples of these business support functions include email delivery, customer survey execution, customer support, purchasing trends, retargeting and remarketing.
We will disclose your data to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any terms of use of this web site or any terms and conditions, the supply of our goods or services to you, or other agreements we may have with you; to protect the rights, property, or safety of Barbecue Country, our customers, or other third parties. This may also include exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Law Enforcement: We may disclose your personal data in response to a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency, to establish or exercise its legal rights, to defend legal claims, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws and/or regulations.
Other than as set out above, we will not transfer, disclose, sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission to do so or are otherwise required or permitted to do so by law.
USE OF DATA FOR ADVERTISING PURPOSES/NEWSLETTER
Any use of your data for advertising purposes will be subject to your prior, express consent. To this extent, the data will be used to present you with information about new barbecue-related products and events in line with your interests, and about Barbecue Country. This includes information about the current or future product range (such as barbecues, equipment, accessories, consumables, lifestyle, etc.) as well as about events and shows with the participation of Barbecue Country. This includes both digital advertising via email and advertising through online and print media. You can revoke your consent at any time by email to info@barbecuecountry.com or by following the instructions at the end of an advertising.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@barbecuecountry.com. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
HOW TO REACH US
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy when visiting our website, please contact us.
Email
info@barbecuecountry.com
Phone
1-800-665-1112
Mailing Address
Barbecue Country
5682 – 75 Street NW
Edmonton, AB
T6E 5X6
Attn: Privacy Officer
__('Newsletter') ?>
CATEGORY
Barbecues & Smokers
Outdoor Living
Accessories
Recipes
Helpful Links
Warranty
Careers
Terms of Service
Blog
Events
Privacy Policy
Price Guarantee
Parts & Services
About Us
Barbecue Country… a barbecue paradise and a grillers glory! We have over 12,000 sq. ft. of retail space dedicated to making you the accomplished backyard chef your family and friends will tell their grandkids about.
More>>
Twitter
@Twitter Feed
Privacy Policy
5682 - 75 Street NW Edmonton, Alberta Canada T6E 5X6
780.469.9970
help@barbecuecountry.com
© 2020 Barbecue Country | All Rights Reserved. Designed by Frisbee Studios