http://www.lifeviewresources.com/security-and-privacy-policy
|
(0)
|
Toggle navigation
Caregiver Series
Alzheimer’s Series
Longterm Series
Custom Media
Printable Form
Contact
SecurityLifeView Resources offers secure online ordering and processing. Our software is designed to be 100% PCI compliant. PCI is a set of strict security standards relating to storage, processing or transaction of credit card data, developed by the leading payment brands, including American Express, Discover Financial Services, JCB International, MasterCard Worldwide and Visa Inc. Compliance with PCI Data Security Standard is highly recommended for all online stores.All credit card information is encrypted using SSL certificate based encryption during transmission and Blowfish encryption when processing cardholder data.CookiesYour internet browser should be set to allow cookies. We use cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.Privacy PolicyWe keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, and phone number. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience. Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques.To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the LifeView Resources site. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.
My Account
Sign In
Create Account
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Security and Privacy Policy
Shipping and Return Policies
Contact Us
2844 Logan St. Nashville, TN 37211
9:00 AM-5:30 PM CST M-F
10:00 AM-5:00 PM CST SAT
1.800.395.LIFE
Stay Connected
THANK YOU!
© 2004-2015 LifeView Resources