http://www.botanicalpaperworks.com/terms
Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy | Botanical PaperWorks
Upload
Digital Proof
Special Notice
Blog
1-877-956-7393
FAQ
How It Works
Contact Us
Login
View Cart
Search
Seed Paper & Confetti
Wedding Collection
Baby, Parties & Events
Memorial Products
Sustainable Eco Packaging
Business & Promo
Seed Paper & Confetti
8.5 x 11 wildflower seed paper
A4 wildflower seed paper
8.5 x 11 herb seed paper
8.5 x 11 veggie seed paper
11 x 17 wildflower seed paper
11 x 17 herb seed paper
11 x 17 veggie seed paper
seed paper envelopes
seed paper swatch books
biodegradable confetti
seed bombs
Wedding Collection
invitations
seal & send invitations
favors
coasters
wine tags
thank you cards
reply cards
place cards
menu cards
favor tags
save the date cards
photo save the date cards
biodegradable confetti
view by collection
written in the stars
watercolor foxes
beautiful blooms
art nouveau
brush script
wilderness wedding
winery wedding
seeds of love
romantic floral
classic greenery
winter wonderland
fancy vintage
formal text
mountain
prairie love
cupid's arrow
feather
painterly florals
watercolor roses
sweet vintage
romantic lace
vintage
floral woodland
rustic tree
ornate floral
classic wood grain
secret garden
park birds
boarding pass
rustic lace
indian motif
art deco
ombre butterfly
floral letters
love grows
custom
geometric
modern damask
tandem bicycle
bloom
love story
floral wreath
peacock
watercolor orchid
two hearts
song
classic damask
watercolor tulips
chevron
nautical
cherry blossoms
birch
celebrate ombre
polka dots
pinecone
dandelion
design your own
party banners
Baby, Parties & Events
baby
birth announcements
baby shower invitations
baby shower favors
confetti/gender reveal
birthday
birthday invitations
birthday favors
party banners
calling cards
christmas
christmas cards
christmas favors
return address labels
earth day
graduation
moving announcements
religious occasions
christening and baptism
bar mitzvah and bat mitzvah
valentine's day
green gifts
party favors
party banners
encouragement
mother's day
Memorial Products
memorial cards
memorial photo cards
memorial bookmarks
memorial packaged favors
memorial shapes
veteran memorials
sympathy gifts for organizations
Sustainable Eco Packaging
boxes
box filler
wraps, sleeves, and more
Business & Promo
promo product catalogs
bookmarks
business cards
button badges
calendars
coasters
confetti & gift packs
conservation promotions
earth day promotions
event stationery
flags & planting sticks
gift certificates & gift card holders
golf events
greeting cards
grow kits
graduation promotions
holiday/christmas promotions
Christmas Cards - English
Christmas Cards - French
Holiday Postcards
Christmas Ornaments
Holiday Bookmarks
Christmas Tags
Invitations
Corporate Holiday Gifts
journals
letterhead and envelopes
matchbooks
notebooks
notepads
panel cards
plantable pencils & sleeves
printed shapes
religious promotions
seed bombs
seed packets
seed paper coins & bills
tags
tent cards
wristbands
Sign up to get coupons, freebies + more
What People Are Saying
Home
About Us
Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy of Botanical PaperWorksTerms of Use
Any member or other user (together defined as “User”) of the Botanicalpaperworks.com website, published by Botanical PaperWorks Inc. (“Botanical PaperWorks”), by using the website, agrees to abide by the Terms of Use contained herein. User agrees to have read and understood the Terms of Use, Privacy and Security Policy before proceeding to use the website. User agrees to abide by all policies and accept all risks stated therein. The Terms of Use explain what User can expect from using the site and identify User’s rights.
Botanical PaperWorks sells wedding favors, invitations, and/or other items through its website. To purchase product, User signs up for an account and purchases product. At any time, at the request of User, Botanical PaperWorks will close User’s account.
User agrees to respect Botanical PaperWorks’ intellectual property and not to reproduce, copy, display, or create derivative works from any item purchased or sent from Botanical PaperWorks, or any visual from the Botanical PaperWorks website without the express written consent of Botanical PaperWorks. User acknowledges that the Botanical PaperWorks website and service contains content and/or parts protected by copyright and patent. User agrees not to copy or mimic the content or service of Botanical PaperWorks without Botanical PaperWorks’ express written consent. User agrees not to export by any means any Botanical PaperWorks’ content or description of any Botanical PaperWorks content or service to any foreign destination.
The Botanical PaperWorks website is designed for the use of adults and/or children under the supervision of adults. Botanical PaperWorks reserves the right to terminate User’s account at any time for any reason or no reason.
All information on this website is provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. Anyone downloading files from the Botanical PaperWorks website does so at their own risk and assumes the risk of computer viruses or other malicious programs.
In no event shall Botanical PaperWorks be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages for any use of this website, or on any other hyper-linked website, including, without limitation, any loss of programs or other data on your computer or otherwise; or products received from Botanical PaperWorks.
Botanical PaperWorks cannot control which websites link to the Botanical PaperWorks website. No such link should be construed as an endorsement by Botanical PaperWorks of any such third-party site.
User agrees that as Botanical PaperWorks is in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, jurisdiction for all disputes regarding Botanical PaperWorks shall be resolved within the Manitoba legal system. User agrees to assert claims exclusively on an individual (non-class) basis.
Privacy Policy
Information Collected
Botanical PaperWorks collects your personal information in the following ways:
When you place an order - We collect only the personal information necessary in order to process and ship your order. All personal information collected by Botanical PaperWorks will be kept confidential and, with the exception of our web developer, will not be disclosed or sold to any third party. We do retain your personal information in order to provide you with fast and efficient service on your future orders. If you are a citizen of the EU, we will only retain your information for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested or for other such essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations (including, but not limited to, applicable tax/revenue laws).
When you sign up for our newsletters - We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform to send you the newsletters you have requested to receive. When you sign up, your information is transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their privacy policy that is available here.
When you use our website - Botanical PaperWorks uses anonymous information from third party sources including social media platforms and a web analytics service. This information pertains to web pages viewed and allows us to analyze trends, track User's movements, provide a better website experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Botanical PaperWorks does not use this data in a manner that would identify the User personally.
Payment
User credit card payment is processed in real-time by Moneris Solutions Corporation and their privacy policy is available here. Credit card number, expiry date, and security code are not stored by Botanical PaperWorks.
Security
Botanical PaperWorks takes the security of all personal information seriously and uses reasonable, industry-standard means to ensure the safety of all such information. For example, Botanical PaperWorks uses Secure Sockets Layering, a commonly-used protocol for managing the security of a message transmission on the internet. Botanical PaperWorks also encrypts all the personal information of customers and any other users and stores such information on restricted-access computers located at restricted-access facilities.
User is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of personal information, including username and password; for restricting access to personal computers and mobile devices; and for logging off following the access of public computers and/or any other devices used to access Botanical PaperWorks.
Choice and Control
You can contact us directly to obtain an electronic copy of the personal data we have on file for you, make changes to your personal information or to ask us to delete your personal information (after our legal obligations for holding it have been met).
If you have signed up for one or more of our newsletters, you can update your content preferences to change the newsletters you'd like to receive, or unsubscribe completely using the links at the bottom of each newsletter email.
The Botanical PaperWorks website uses cookies to improve functionality and to support your transactions with us. Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them‚ blocking them‚ or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. You can choose to browse our Site without accepting our Site’s cookies, however without these cookies enabled‚ you may not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain Site features.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. If you believe we have collected information from your child, please contact us so that we can work to delete it.
Privacy Policy Changes
Botanical PaperWorks reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time, and User should check back for updates from time to time. If such changes materially change User’s terms of use, Botanical PaperWorks will make reasonable effort to contact User. User, by using the website, accepts the terms outlined in this policy. Please contact customer support with any questions or concerns regarding this policy at info@botanicalpaperworks.com.
Third Party Websites
Botanical PaperWorks may provide links to web pages and content of third parties ("Third Party Content") as a service to those interested in this information. Once you leave the Botanical PaperWorks website, our Privacy Policy no longer applies. We suggest that you review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of the sites that you visit.
Botanical PaperWorks does not monitor nor does it have any control over any Third Party Content or third party websites. Botanical PaperWorks does not endorse or adopt any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
About Us
About Botanical PaperWorks
Our Eco Commitment
Customer Testimonials
Site Map
Terms Of Use and Privacy Policy
Job Postings
About Plantable Paper
How Plantable Paper Works
Plantable Paper Printing Guidelines
Custom Seed Paper Orders
Articles
Green Gifts Guide
Memorial Verses
Direct Mail
The Beauty Of Seed Paper
Native Species Seed Paper
Seed Types
Seed Paper Growing
Customer Support
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping Guidelines and International Orders
Return Policy
Support for Designers and Printers
I have loved my seed paper tags! My customers have noticed too, adding in that special touch has made a difference and helping to "grow" my business....THANK YOU!
Lauren Stevenson
© Botanical PaperWorks Inc. 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Thank you!
Your order is currently being processed. Please do not hit refresh or leave this page until your order has been successfully submitted, and the confirmation screen has appeared.