http://www.marriagegiftlist.com/terms
Terms & Conditions
1. Access To This Website
Access to and use of this Website is conditional upon your agreement to comply with these Terms and Conditions. marriagegiftlist.com has the right to terminate or suspend this Website or restrict access to this Website to individual users at any time without notice.
When you register on this Website, you will be given a password. You must not disclose this password to any other person and must otherwise keep it private and confidential.
2. Intellectual Property Rights
All rights in this Website and the content on this Website including copyright, design rights, patents, inventions, know-how, database rights, trade marks, source codes and any other intellectual property rights in any of the foregoing are reserved to marriagegiftlist.com and/or their content and technology providers.
You may not remove, change or obscure the marriagegiftlist.com logo or any notices of proprietary rights on any content of this Website.
3. Disclaimer
marriagegiftlist.com cannot guarantee that the content and the provision of the content of this Website will always be correct or fault and error free. marriagegiftlist.com does not accept liability for incorrect content or errors and omissions in this Website or its content (whether of legal, typographical, technical or other nature) but endeavours to correct them as quickly as practicable.
marriagegiftlist.com will not be liable for any data lost or any equipment or software replaced by you as a result of you using this Website.
marriagegiftlist.com make no representations about the suitability, reliability, timeliness, comprehensiveness and accuracy of the information, services and other content contained on this Website.
4. Liability
Occasionally some companies may update and or change pages. This therefore mean some gifts in the list may result in blank pages. marriagegiftlist.com cannot be held responsible for this and asks couples to try and avoid sites that would change their products regularly.
marriagegiftlist.com is not responsible for any of the gifts purchased. When the guest purchases the gift from the retailer, then the agreement is between the person who made the purchase and that individual store.
When a gift is purchased, the guest must return to your list and confirm their purchase. If they do not and this results in another guest buying the same gift marriagegiftlist.com cannot be held responsible for duplication. Instructions are clearly provided to all guests, so please ask one of the guests to return or exchange the gift if a mistake was made.
You are required to submit some delivery instructions before opening your list, so that your guests know how to get your gifts to you. marriagegiftlist.com is not responsible if the incorrect details are provided, gifts missing, damaged or incorrect. If you have any problems with an gift, please contact the guest that purchased the gift and they will need to contact the store.
5. Links
This Website contains links to other websites solely for your convenience. marriagegiftlist.com does not endorse any such linked sites and assumes no responsibility for the contents of any other website to which this Website offers links.
6. Privacy Statement
marriagegiftlist.com will use the personal data which you submit to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
7. Alterations
marriagegiftlist.com reserves the right to alter the content of this Website and these Terms and Conditions at any time. If alters these Terms and Conditions, it will notify you by email. Continued use of this Website marriagegiftlist.com after notification shall be deemed to constitute acceptance to such alterations.
8. General
In accepting these Terms and Conditions, you agree that you have not have been induced by representations, statements, warranties or agreements other than those expressed in these Terms and Conditions. Unless expressly agreed otherwise in writing between marriagegiftlist.com and you, this contract embodies the entire agreement of marriagegiftlist.com and you and there are no other agreements or understandings, written or oral, in effect between marriagegiftlist.com and you relating to the subject matter of these Terms and Conditions. This clause shall not exclude any liabilities which marriagegiftlist.com or you would otherwise have to one another in respect of any statements made fraudulently by any of them prior to acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions and the agreement between marriagegiftlist.com and you arising by you ticking the box next to the words "I have read and agreed to the marriagegiftlist.com Terms & Conditions" on the sign up page (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to such agreement or its formation) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. In acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, you irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and decide any suit, action or proceedings, and/or to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions and such agreement and, for these purposes, you irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England.