https://www.azgunslinger.com/privacy-policy/
Due to COVID-19 we are experiencing a high volume of orders and shipping times may be delayed
Call: 800-359-3912
0
Shop
What's New
Pepper Sauces
Organic Sauces
Gift Packs & Apparel
BBQ & Wing Sauces
Specials
Salsa, Olives & Spices
Last Call
Flavors
Organic
Recipes
Hot Topics
Menu
0
Home
Menu
My Account
View Cart: 0 Items (0.00)
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Arizona Pepper Products is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We provide this notice to explain the type of information we collect on the www.azgunslinger.com website and how that information is used.
When visiting our site, we may ask you questions on an aggregate basis (we don’t identify you personally with the information) and such questions will be identified on the website. In all other instances, you should assume that we will track any information you provide on a personally identifiable basis.
REGISTRATION
When you register with our website, you will receive our Newsletter that has sales information, and updates on our products and services. You will not receive our Newsletter unless you request to receive such material.
Registration may be required to be eligible to enter online contests sweepstakes. Arizona Pepper Products may use the information you provide when registering to fulfill prizes.
We use return email addresses to answer any emails that we receive, and we may use such email addresses to send you other information.
IP ADDRESSES
In addition to information that you provide us voluntarily, Arizona Pepper Products may collect aggregate information in the form of IP addresses.  An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web.  Web servers, the computers that “serve up” Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address.  When you request a page from this website, our servers log your IP address. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us.
COOKIES
Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit a Web site.  Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering the information that you have already provided to us.  We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you.  The use of cookies is an industry standard.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use information for internal marketing analysis, for example, to assess trends amongst our consumers or to measure the amount of traffic to our websites.
We may use your personal information in order to respond to your queries and requests.  We may also use your personal information in order to communicate with you about our products and services.
PUBLIC INFORMATION
Information that you post on or through the public areas of our website (e.g., recipes page and product reviews) are generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of the website are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves in public or interactive areas.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
We may transfer your personal information to third parties under confidentiality obligations when the performance of any service in relation to the activities above is sub-contracted (e.g. the administration of a marketing campaign).
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information if permitted by law or required to do so by law or where we believe such action is necessary in order to protect or defend our interests or the interests of our customers or users of the website.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
The website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy statement does not apply to these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced sites you enter.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
By using this Web site, you signify your assent to the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with any term in the Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information.  We may revise this privacy statement from time to time.  We recommend that you regularly check this page to ensure that you have read the most recent version.
Please note: The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection. We are located in the USA, as are the servers which make this site available worldwide. Please note that any information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.
InformationHome
Testimonials
Site Map
About Us
Contact Us
Stay Connected
SIGN UP TO RECEIVE SPECIALS AND COUPONS
Submit
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Food Service
© 2020 AZGunslinger.
All rights reserved.