http://www.rinsesoap.com/pages/privacy-policy
Your Cart
Your basket is empty
Add a note for the seller:
$0.00
$0.00
total cart value
Place your order
Continue Shopping
Free Shipping on US Orders Over $75 (No Code Needed)
Search
Home
12 Days Of Rinsemas
Collections
Christmas Gifts
Body Care
Facial Care
Aromatherapy
Rinse Gifts
Pet Care
Our Favorite Things
Sale
Log in
Create Account
Home
12 Days Of Rinsemas
Collections
Gift Bundle
New To Natural? Start Here
Be Well / Stay Well
Christmas Gift Guide
Christmas Gifts
Gifts Under $25
Gifts Under $50
Stocking Stuffers
Body Care
Soap
Alcohol-Based Hand Spray
All Soaps (handmade)
Loofah Soap
Beer Soaps
Wine Soaps
Mini Bars (half sized soaps)
Soap Sticks
Handy-Tizers (spray cleansers)
Skin Care
Bath Treats
deOdor Sticks (deodorant)
Masks
Muscle Rubs
Peppofoot (Treat Your Feet)
Refreshing Sprays
Scrubs (sugar & salt)
Sunscreen
Moisturizers
Body Bliss (body oils)
Body Spread (lotions)
Nourishing Oils
Pucker Sticks (lip balm)
Skin Sticks (solid lotion)
Facial Care
Soap Sticks
Beard Care
Masks
Nourishing Oils
Pucker Sticks (lip balms)
Roll-Ons (essential oils)
Sunscreen
Facial Accessories
Aromatherapy
Essential Oils (pure)
Roll-Ons (essential oils)
Refreshing Sprays
Shower Bombs
Aromatherapy Gifts
Diffusers
Rinse Gifts
Fry Box Bundles
All Gift Sets (perfectly packaged)
Build-A-Bundle
Gift Bundles (pre-made)
Teacher Gifts
Aromatherapy Sets
Soap Sets
Gift Cards
Pet Care
Our Favorite Things
For You
Crystals
Facial Accessories
Hair Accessories
Lippy Clips
Personal Accessories
Pinch Me Therapy Dough
Socks
For the Guys
Facial Hair Care
Men's Socks
Travel Fans
For the Kids
Bath Fun
Kids Hydration
Pinch Me Therapy Dough
Puzzles & Paper Toys
Soap Holders & Scrubbies
Warmies (heatable stuffed animals)
For the Home
Bath Accessories
Diffusers
Mugs
Poo-Pourri
Soap Dishes
Trinket Trays
Water Bottles
For On-the-Go
Hydration
Essential Oil Wallets
Lippy Clips
Sleep Masks
Tote Bags
Travel Fans
Zipper Pouches
Sale
Bargain Basin
Deal Drop
Rinsemass
RINSESOAP.COM  |  PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing or using any of the RINSE BATH & BODY INC, ("RINSE SOAP," “we," "us," or "our") Internet properties including, without limitation, www.rinsesoap.com, related mobile websites, microsites, mobile applications, RINSE BATH & BODY  profiles on social media sites and any other digital services or properties operated or used by us (collectively referred to as the "Sites") you agree to comply with and be bound by the RINSE BATH & BODY Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") as well as this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to both the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, you must immediately terminate your use of the Sites.
Privacy Policy Overview. This Privacy Policy explains how we may collect, use, share, and safeguard information on the Sites from time to time. This Privacy Policy is meant to provide guidance to our customers in an easy to understand format. If you have questions or concerns, please contact us using the contact information supplied below.
Changes to the Privacy Policy. RINSE BATH & BODY reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason.
3. Information We May Collect
Personally Identifiable Information: We may collect information that identifies you (“Personally Identifiable Information”) when you contact us, or otherwise interact with
us, including, but not limited to, applying for any membership or enrollment, registering for a RINSE BATH & BODY event or program, or purchasing our products or services. Types of Personally Identifiable Information collected may include your name, address, phone number, birth date, billing and delivery information, email address, credit card, or other financial account information.
Non-Personal Information: As you interact with our Sites, we may collect information about your browsing history or certain other information that is not Personally Identifiable Information through your use of and visits to the Sites and our use of a variety of technologies, including, but not limited to, cookies, tags, beacons, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and other tools. The types of non-personal data collected on our Sites, and other tools as we may add from time to time, include, but are not limited to: the search terms you used, new or returning user, browser information, computer type, operating system, internet service providers, website usage, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, ads viewed, etc. Additionally, cookies, tags and other tools placed by third parties may collect other information about you and your visits to Sites and elsewhere on the Internet (collectively, all of the foregoing data is referred to as the "Non-Personal Data").
4. Personally Identifiable Information: Our Use
Once collected, we may use your Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of ways including, but not limited to:
Provide service communications such as bill reminders, order confirmations, program registrations, and customer service messages
Respond to your emails or online requests for products, services, or information
Deliver or process surveys
Personalize and improve the usability of the Sites
Fulfill or deliver our products and services
Tailor content on the Sites, advertising and marketing
Share with third parties as required by law
(viii)Share your email address as permitted under our Email Policy as described below
Sharing Your Personally Identifiable Information to Perform Business Functions. When fulfilling service requests initiated by you, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with certain third parties to fulfill the requests or share such information with service providers that perform business functions for us. We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf including, but not limited to, packaging, mailing and delivering promotional offers, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing registrations.  In such cases, we may share your Personally Identifiable Information to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Sharing Your Personally Identifiable Information When Legally Necessary or to Protect Rinse Bath & Body’s Interests. We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on RINSE BATH & BODY; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of RINSE BATH & BODY; or (iii) protect the personal safety of RINSE BATH & BODY personnel or members of the public in appropriate circumstances. In addition, if RINSE BATH & BODY and/or its assets (or a portion of its assets) are sold, assigned, transferred, or merged, or if RINSE BATH & BODY undergoes some other change including a change to its corporate form as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, information may be transferred as part of that transaction or change.
Sharing Your Email Address. Your email address will only be used by us and its entities and will not be sold to anyone outside Rinse Bath & Body. As such, we will refrain from sharing email addresses to unrelated third parties. We may share your email address with third parties: (i) to enable Rinse Bath & Body to take security measures to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data, and (ii) to perform certain services on our behalf, such as packaging, mailing and delivering products and processing event registrations and to respond to your service requests.
You can manage your profile and email preferences, including opting out of email either online or by contacting us.
5. Non-Personal Data: Our Use
We may collect Non-Personal Data to improve the usability of our Sites/Services and for other business purposes. We may share the Non-Personal Data we collect with third parties or permit third parties to place tools like cookies, tags and web beacons, to collect additional Non-Personal Data when you browse our Sites. Rinse Bath & Body or other third party companies may then use the Non-Personal Data to provide advertisements and targeted advertisements to you (ads based on the Non-Personal Data). However, we will refrain from sharing any Personally Identifiable Information with third parties with whom we share your Non-Personal Data.
How You Can Manage Collection of Non-Personal Data. Third party advertising companies may collect data about your visit to our Sites and others; this is referred to as Online Behavioral Advertising. You opt out from this collection and use of data by companies participating in the
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) on the “Opt Out from Online Behavioral Advertising” website.
Third Party Requests, Use or Analysis of Data. (i) We may disclose your information upon Government demand in the form of a court order or subpoena, when otherwise required by law, to enforce the policies herein, or to protect our property or safety. (ii) We may share your information to prevent illegal use of our products or to defend RINSE BATH & BODY against any third party claims. (iii) You information may be transferred to a third party in whole or in part as part of a merger, acquisition, or similar transfer or assignment of assets. (iv) We may transfer your information to third party service providers to conduct or improve our business or Sites, or for any business purpose, including, but not limited to credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, marketing research, information analysis and promotions management.
6. Minors. The RINSE BATH & BODY Sites are intended for adult customer use only. We do not knowingly collect personal data online from or market online to children under the age of 13.
7. Information Security
RINSE BATH & BODY implements security measures as commercially reasonable to help protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data, and restricts access to personal information to certain companies who may need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve services. All our partner organizations are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to termination if they fail to meet these obligations.
Although RINSE BATH & BODY uses commercially reasonable security measures as detailed above, data transmission over the Internet can never be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information transmitted by you, or to or from our online products or services.
8. Linking to Other Internet Sites. Other Internet sites that are linked from the Sites or from an
RINSE BATH & BODY email message may contain privacy provisions that differ from the provisions of this Privacy Policy. To ensure your privacy is protected, we recommend that you review the privacy statements of these other linked sites.
Last updated March 17th, 2020
Stay In The Know With Rinse
First-time subscriber?
Receive 10% off your next order!
Check your email for discount code
and details after sign up!
Stay In The Know With Rinse
First-time subscriber?
Receive 10% off your next order!
Check your email for discount code
and details after sign up!