http://www.precision-camera.com/terms-of-service/
Get the best deal around with our low-price promise! Learn More
Terms of Service
Precision Camera Terms of Service
Copyright Notice and Trademarks
This website is copyright 2000-2020 Precision Camera, Inc., All rights reserved. Other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders. Information in this document is subject to change without notice. Precision Camera Inc. makes every effort to ensure that all information is correct before posting. Despite our best efforts, inevitable errors will occur in pricing and description. Posted prices and descriptions are subject to change. We will not and can not be held responsible for typographical, specification and pricing errors.
Out-of-stock Items
Inventory fluctuates hourly. If the item is identified as "Out of Stock", we can special order the item for you and ship it as soon as we get it. Most items ship within 2 weeks.
On rare occasions, it's possible the item you ordered may not be in stock at the moment you order it. We will notify you if the item you ordered is out of stock. We first reply via email and give you 3 days to reply. We will then try to call you at the numbers you provide with your order. Be sure to give us your current email address and phone number.
Some items are listed for sale on our web site that have not been released from the manufacturer yet. We place these items on the web site so that consumers may pre-order the items. Pre-orders are reserved with payment up front on a first come, first served basis. You may also request to be placed on a "notify list" and we will let you know when products are in stock and available for delivery. Be advised that prepaid orders always get priority for delivery.
Many out of stock items are excellent products and are available for purchase, but we do not always stock these items in inventory. We will be happy to special order these items for you in a timely fashion. Again, most items ship within 2 weeks.
HOW TO CONTACT US REGARDING OUT OF STOCK ITEMS
Send an email to inquire about out of stock items. We will let you know about availability and/or the time of availability for the item in question.
Children
WWW.PRECISION-CAMERA.COM does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use www.precision-camera.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of use, notices, and revisions.
If you choose to visit www.precision-camera.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Texas. If you have any concern about privacy at www.precision-camera.com, please send us a thorough description to online@precision-camera.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use.
File Sharing
As a courtesy, we can place image files on dropbox and share a link with you. You don't need a dropbox account to view or download the images. Files remain in dropbox for 30 days unless otherwise noted. Removal or deletion from dropbox does not affect copies of files you have downloaded. Precision Camera & Video is not affiliated with Dropbox, Inc. and makes no guarantees to our access and use of, or your access and use of services provided by dropbox.com. Any charges incurred, even if related to the use of dropbox, are originated by and for services of Precision Camera & Video and do not obligate you, us or Dropbox, Inc. to any contract for goods or services or compensation for undelivered goods or services, even in the event of negligence by agents of Precision Camera or Dropbox, Inc. By using dropbox.com, you also agree to their terms. https://www.dropbox.com/dmca#terms
Pricing and Availability
Price and availability for every item is listed on that item's detail page.
We cannot confirm the price of an item until you order, but please note that we do NOT charge your credit card until the date we ship your order to you. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the more than 10,000 new and used items in our catalog are mispriced. We are not responsible for pricing errors.  Rest assured, however, that we verify prices as part of our shipping procedures.
If an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either charge the lower amount and ship you the item or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
After we have received your order, we will also inform you by e-mail if any items in your order prove to be unavailable.
Shipping Policy
Precision Camera & Video Web Sales accepts payment by Visa, American Express, MasterCard and Discover. International orders require payment by PayPal. Email us for more information. We use UPS Ground, and in some cases, Priority Mail from the US Post Office to deliver items to you. Orders are normally processed the same day received if placed by 2:00 p.m. CST except holidays and weekends. Orders placed on holidays and weekends will be processed on the next business day.
In-Store Pick Up
Precision Camera & Video requires the card holder or confirmed person on a PayPal payment to be present during in-store pick up. We can ship to the billing address of the card holder or confirmed PayPal address as an alternative. We require a copy of ID for orders purchased using PayPal.
Receiving Your Order
Upon receipt of your new merchandise, please inspect it carefully as to contents and condition. All claims for damaged or missing items MUST be reported to Precision Camera within two (2) business days of receipt of merchandise. In the event your package arrives damaged, it is the responsibility of the customer to contact the carrier to inspect the package to assure full refund/replacement. All packaging MUST be retained until the problem has been resolved. Carefully unpack and inspect all merchandise. Please DO NOT damage the manufacturer's packaging. DO NOT fill out the manufacturer's warranty cards until you are absolutely sure you want to keep your merchandise. We cannot accept merchandise for return with completed warranty cards of damaged or missing collateral material. Do not throw away any of the packaging materials such as boxes, instructions, inserts, bags, etc until you are completely sure you want to keep the equipment. Keep your Invoice with your important records. Read all instruction manuals BEFORE testing your equipment. Precision Camera will not be responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise bought from us. Our sole responsibility is for the monetary value of the merchandise.
×
OK
Notify Me
×
Notify me when
is in stock.
Full Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
Product Name
Required
Close