http://www.azponds.com/company-policies/
Skip to content
Company Policies
Upon receipt of package you must inspect all items for damage. Also during inspection, make sure you received all the items you ordered and that everything is correct. If you fail to follow this, we will not be able to file a claim with FedEx. For all incorrectly sent items you must contact us within 30 days from receipt. All FedEx Claims must be filed within 30 days after receiving the item. Any claims after the allotted 30 days must be filed by the customer. Orders that are $500.00 or more MUST have signature required.
Returns accepted on unused items within 30 days of receipt (when you receive the product). You MUST CALL to receive important return information before returning a product. If the return procedure is not followed, your return will be refused as it arrives. There will be a 20% Restocking fee on return orders. If item originally had free shipping, the cost of shipping and the 20% restocking fee will be deducted from the credit to the customer. Please Allow 2-4 weeks for credits to be processed. Freight will not be reimbursed. Returns made without following proper procedures will be charged a $5.00 fee or more for complications. If you return items to AZPonds and supplies it is your responsibility to provide tracking and delivery confirmation. AZPonds and supplies is not responsible for lost or damaged product shipped by the customer.
Recommendations by our staff are not guarantees. Items purchased based on these recommendations are to be considered standard purchases with no special treatment including for returns. The purchaser is responsible for making the correct purchase for their application. Although our staff is highly trained, many customers often leave out or forget important information regarding their application hindering a proper recommendation. AZPonds.com and its staff are not liable or responsible for any recommendations unless expressly written in paper and signed by the recommender and management.
Once an order is submitted, it cannot be changed/altered. Also, when submitted all canceled orders will be subject a 20% cancellation fee regardless of how long ago the order was submitted.
Tracking numbers will only be provided to people who leave their eMail address. If you do not leave your eMail address and wish to obtain your tracking number, you may be charged $5.00 for the service rendered. Please allow a reasonable amount of time for your package to be delivered.
All warranties after 5 days of item delivery must be taken up directly with the manufacturer. This applies to all products unless otherwise stated in writing. Once a warranty claim has been handled through AZPonds any additional warranty claims for the same product MUST go through the manufacturer. Items that are FREE or included at no charge are NOT warrantied through azponds. Also if the item fails due to its non-intended use AZPonds is not responsible for warranty for that item. AZPonds reserves the right to deny any warranty claims for a no charge, free, or mis-used item. For AZPonds extended warranties on pumps AZPonds will charge a $25.00 service pre-charge in case the impeller is damaged and we need to replace it. If the problem is not the impeller we will credit you the $25.00.
Items offered with “free shipping” apply only to shipments made within the continuous USA. Free shipping does NOT apply for orders to Hawaii and Alaska. Additional shipping will be added to orders for Hawaii and Alaska.
All 45 Mil Mini Roll Liners and Roll Liners orders MUST ship to a Commercial Address and must ship via Motor Freight. A Commercial Addresses MUST be in a COMMERCIAL ZONE (home businesses are NOT considered a commercial address). If you provide an INCORRECT business name, address or phone number, you MAY be charged an additional fee. TAX ID may be required as proof of business location for some liner shipments. Shipping charge quotes apply for continuous US states only. Customers are responsible for being there to sign and inspect the liner for any damage before accepting delivery. The trucking company is NOT responsible for unloading the liner. If you require a lift gate a fee of an additional $75 will be charged.
Due to many different types of liner available, liners will not be price matched. AZPonds sells only the highest quality EPDM Pond Guard liner made and warranted by Firestone.
(Price Quote for Commercial Address ONLY Please call us at 610-779-7594 for residential freight quote)
Checks are not accepted; only money order and credit cards payments will be accepted.
AZPonds.com cannot reimburse shipping charges for warranty shipments. For reimbursement, please contact the manufacturer.
In most cases. if you provided an email address, you will receive an email with your order confirmation and links to access your tracking numbers.
ALL CYPRIO WARRANTIES ARE HANDLED DIRECTLY THROUGH THE MANUFACTURER
AZPonds Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting AZPonds.com. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collectedat this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may bechanged, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking
technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
(1) permitted or required by law; or,
(2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or,
(3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: jonah.moyer@azponds.com
By Phone: 1-610-779-7594
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
1