http://www.puppetpartners.com/terms.asp
getreadykids.com
Dolls & Figurines
Puppets
Kitchen Toys
Animal Playsets
Sand & Water
Vehicles
Arts & Crafts
Teddy Get Ready
Bobble Heads
Lawn & Garden Ornaments
More
Catalog
Gift Certificate
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use this site.Entire AgreementThese terms and conditions apply to all of your online purchases from the website www.getreadykids.com and may not be altered, supplemented, or amended by you through the use of any other document(s). Any attempt to alter, supplement, or amend this document, or to enter an order which is subject to additional or altered terms and conditions, will be null and void.AcceptanceBy purchasing products from www.getreadykids.com, you agree to be bound by and accept these terms and conditons. Orders are not binding upon Get Ready, Inc. We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Get Ready, Inc., will indicate its acceptance of an order by acknowledging your order by reply email or by shipping the ordered items to you.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Get Ready, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Get Ready, Inc.. Copyright 2016, Get Ready, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Get Ready, Inc. or purchasing Get Ready, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Get Ready, Inc. or to purchase Get Ready, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Get Ready, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Get Ready, Inc., disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.Get Ready, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Get Ready, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the information contained in this site in terms of correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityGet Ready, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products sold on www.teddygetready.com, even if Get Ready, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, incorrect product information is presented or incorrect images are associated with a product on the www.teddygetready.com website, Get Ready, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Get Ready, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from typographical errors or incorrect images.Get Ready, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Get Ready, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Applicable Law-Resale or ExportYou agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the various states and of the United States. You agree and represent that you are buying for your own personal use only, and not for resale or export.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated, changed or amended by Get Ready, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeGet Ready, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Get Ready, Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New Jersey, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Get Ready, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Get Ready, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Get Ready, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Get Ready, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerGet Ready, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Get Ready, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Get Ready, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Nowa Li, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Get Ready, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Get Ready, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Get Ready, Inc., Get Ready, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Get Ready, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Get Ready, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Join our e-list for latest news & updates
About Us
Now in our 26th year, Get Ready is proud to bring you a line of quality and fun "educational toys with character."Our classic early childhood toys are made to stand up to home and child care use. Please contact us with any questions you have, we are here to help:(800) 682-1665 9-5 M-F ET(609) 397-6300 Internationalinfo@getreadykids.com
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping & Deliveries
Returns & Exchanges
shop with us
View Cart
My Account
Order Tracking
Category Index
Product Index
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help
Faq
Toll Free 800-682-1665
Copyright © 2012 Get Ready, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Built with Volusion.