https://www.woodworkerslibrary.com/terms-and-conditions
800-345-4447    e-mail us!
Offering discount books, plans and videos on all phases of woodworking and related subjects — since 1977.
Home
Newsletter Signup
Login / Register
My Cart
: 0 item(s) /
$0.00
Search
Advanced search
Categories
New Books/ DVDs
Woodworking Books
Carpentry Books: Rough & Finish
Carving Books
Finishing Books
General Woodcraft Books
Joinery Books
Turning Books
Veneering & Marquetry Books
Wood and Trees Books
Furniture Books
Arts & Crafts Movement Books
Cabinet Making Books
Furniture Construction & Restoration Books
Additional Formats
Book & DVD Sets
Book & Video Sets
Boxed gift sets
Woodworking DVDs
Woodworking Plans
Bedroom Furniture
Cabinets and Curios
Clocks
Home Office
Miscellaneous Plans
Occasional Furniture
Patio and Garden Furniture
Toys and Yard Ornaments
Woodworking Videos
Workshop Books
For the Workshop Books
Tools: Hand & Power Books
Miscellaneous Subjects
Antiquarian & collectable
Architecture & Design Books
Blacksmithing & Metalwork Books
Coachbuilding Books
Miscellaneous Titles
Toys & Games Books
Offcuts!
Linden Publishing
Craven Street Books
My Cart
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
My Profile
Login
Register
Get the newsletter!
Stay informed about new woodworking books and special promotions available only to subscribers. Join now!
Returns and Exchanges
It's our goal to make sure you are completely satisfied with your purchase. If within 30 days of purchase you are not satisfied for any reason, you may return your purchase for a full refund (excluding postage). Or we can arrange an exchange for a new product. We can only accept returned products that are in good condition.
Ship returns to Linden Publishing, 2006 S. Mary St., Fresno, CA 93721. If you have any questions regarding returns, exchanges, or refunds, please call 1-800-345-4447.
Terms and Conditions
At The Woodworkers Library, respecting your privacy is a central to the way we do business. It is our intention to provide our customers with a secure, private atmosphere to review our online catalog and order books. We collect personal information to process orders, subscribe people to our newsletter, and fulfill requests for catalogs. All personal information we collect is kept for the sole use of The Woodworkers Library, except as explicitly defined below.
1) e–mail
We will never share your e-mail address with a third party – period. We know how it feels to be inundated with spam, and are absolutely set against enlarging the problem. Your e-mail address will be safe with us.
Subscribers to our e-mail newsletter go through a double-opt-in confirmation process, hosted by industry-respected mailing list host ListCast (www.listcast.com). Our mailing list is 100% comprised of people who have gone through this process. We don't buy or rent e-mail addresses to add to our list (and of course we don't sell or rent the e-mail addresses we've collected to anyone).
Only subscribers to our Newsletter (click here to learn about the newsletter) are contacted by e-mail, unless e-mail is a customer's preferred mode of communication for arranging order details.
2) telephone number
If we collect your telephone number during a transaction, rest assured that it, like your e-mail address, will never be shared with a third party. It's as simple as that.
Furthermore, we only contact our customers via phone to conduct transaction-related communications; we perform no marketing or sales via telephone.
3) mailing address
On occasion we supply customer mailing addresses to trustworthy third parties who specifically offer woodworking-related merchandise (tools, books, supplies, etc.). These third parties are carefully selected by us and are always quality merchants who are respectful of customers and do not abuse their privacy.
If you do not wish to be contacted by these third parties and receive their special woodworking–related offers, please advise us and we will immediately remove you from this marketing list.
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
The Woodworker's Library™ offers hundreds of books, plans, and videos on topics related to woodworking, arts and crafts, home improvement, woodworking tools, furniture, and much more — many at discount prices. We make every effort to keep our catalog up-to-date in order to offer you the widest selection of quality titles to choose from. Browse our extensive book catalog and shop online. We hope you enjoy your visit.
Home
Site Map
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
Mobile Website
Copyright © 2020 Linden Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by Pinnacle Cart Ecommerce Software