http://www.e-weddingbands.com/store/privacy.html
30 DAY RETURNS
FREE SHIPPING
FREE ENGRAVING
LIFETIME WARRANTY
Our Privacy Policy
eWeddingBands Privacy Policy
eWeddingBands absolutely WILL NOT sell or rent our customer contact information. We do not share this information with anyone!
We protect our customers from fraudulent use of a credit card as a result of purchases made at e-Weddingbands.com.
Here is how:
We are PCI compliant. This means we adhere to the industry's strictest standards in security and privacy protection
All of your personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted over the Internet between our server and your browser. Our secure server software encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number, expiration date, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. The encryption process takes the characters you enter and converts them into bits of code that can only be read by your browser and our server. Our site is protected with SSL encryption, so you may order with confidence!
Any of your personal information that is stored on the e-Weddingbands.com server after we receive your order is encrypted a level of protection not offered by many other online stores.
If you have any problems navigating our pages, any questions about our products or follow-up issues regarding the order you have placed, please e-mail us at customerservice@eweddingbands.com
15% OFF GOLD
Code: 15GOLD
APPLY CODE IN CART
UP TO 60% OFF
Diamond bands
SHOP DIAMOND BANDS
×
30 Day Returns
We take great pride in the quality of our products. To ensure customer satisfaction, if you are unhappy with your purchase, you can simply return it anytime within 30 days for an exchange or full refund (you are only responsible to ship it back to us).
Whatever issue you have with your purchase, we will be there to help you out and have the best experience possible.
Just send us a message by filling out the form on our returns page. It's that easy.
Start my return
×
Free Shipping
At e-WeddingBands, we know that every package we ship is one of the most important parts of your wedding or special occasion. For our domestic customers, we have the following options for you:
Free 3-5 Day Shipping (after order processing)
For any domestic orders we are proud to provide free shipping that takes 3 - 5 days. Simply choose free shipping during checkout!
2-day Shipping (after order processing)
If you would like to upgrade your shipping you can choose 2-day shipping. This means that after we are finished processing your order we will upgrade your shipping to only take 2 days to get to you.
Overnight Shipping
This is the best option if you need your order by a certain date. After we are finished processing your order, we will overnight your package to you. Please note this does NOT mean you will receive your package the day after you place the order. Once your order is ready to ship (which can take a few days) you will receive it via overnight shipping.
We have shipped hundreds of our high-quality wedding bands to
international customers
living in countries that allow the import of jewelry, and we are happy to ship to you!
We are currently able to ship to a considerable list of countries outside of the US, which can be found on the drop-down menu of the Shopping Cart page.
More shipping options
×
Free Engraving
It's free to increase the sentimental value of your wedding band by adding a personal engraving. The following metals can be machine engraved free of charge:
Gold
Platinum
Palladium
Silver
Titanium
Cobalt Chrome
Rings engraved on the inside can hide a sweet sentiment that only the two of you understand. Do you have a sweet or funny phrase the both of you enjoy using? Perhaps you've come up with cute pet names of one another (pookie bear, kitten, big mama, big papa, etc.). Let's engrave that on your wedding band.
See more engraving ideas
×
Lifetime Warranty
Your wedding band is designed and crafted to rigorous quality standards, and is warranted against imperfection in design, materials and workmanship for the life of the ring. Should your ring need to be sized or serviced after the initial 30-day free sizing/exchange period, our state-of-the-art production facility is ready to assist you.
Find out more about the warranty on each product by heading on to our store.
Please note: third party alterations, including sizing and engraving, will void the warranty.
Take me to the store