http://www.southernflavoring.com/privacy
Buy More!
Save More!
Receive a 45% discount when you purchase 24 or more 4 fl oz and 7 fl oz flavors!
Free Shipping for orders over $90.00!
Everything Vanilla
Pure Vanilla Extracts
Alcohol Free Vanillas
Small Batch Craft Vanillas
Vanilla Paste & Beans
Baking Flavors, Extracts & Colors
Happy Home Lemon
Flavoring
Natural Baking Flavors
Imitation Baking Flavors
Happy Home Food Colors
Baking Flavor Emulsions
Lorann Candy Oils & Flavors
Pure Extracts
Small Batch Flavors & Extracts
Display Shippers
Cooking Ingredients
Terrapin Mountain Spices
Roadkill BBQ Sauce
Terrapin Mountain Seasoning Blends
Black Malabar Pepper
Julie B's Relish & Chow Chow
Handy Helpers
Gift Sets
Home/privacy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned by Southern Flavoring Company, Inc., a manufacturer and marketer of food products and related merchandise, incorporated in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Our mailing address and contact information is:
Southern Flavoring Company, Inc.
1330 Norfolk Avenue
Bedford, Virginia 24523
Phone (540) 586-8565
Email sfc@southernflavoring.com
We can be reached during normal business hours each weekday (except for holidays).
We Respect Your Privacy
Southern Flavoring Company, Inc. respects and is committed to your privacy and takes information security seriously.
Please read these policies carefully. By using our website, you are agreeing to our policies and agree to any policy changes that may take effect from time to time.
Online & Email Policy
When you visit us online, your transactions are secure as we use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving customer data. Some parts of our website utilize “cookies”, which must be enabled in your browser in order to get full use of our site. We collect and store information when you provide it online, so that we can efficiently fill your catalog request and service your order(s). Credit card information placed online is kept by our website only for the duration of time that it takes to process your order. We do not send unsolicited emails. You may opt in to receive Southern Flavoring Company email newsletters and special offers. You can opt out of this list at anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each newsletter. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address, calling us by phone or writing to us at the above address and telling us that you prefer not to receive email from our company.
Telephone Policy
We do not make telemarketing phone calls. We will not share your order information or telephone number with other organizations for their telemarketing purposes. When you provide us with your telephone number, you will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders you have already placed with our company.
Mailing Policy
If you supply us with your mailing address online, you may receive periodic mailings from our company. If you do not wish to receive mailings from us, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address, calling us by phone or writing to us at the above address and telling us that you prefer not to receive periodic mailings from our company. Southern Flavoring Company rents mailing lists from time to time from reputable mailing list brokers. We have no control over the names that are contained on these lists. If you wish to remove your name from these lists, we encourage you to contact the catalog companies with whom you do business and ask to have them suppress your name from their database of rental names. It is important for all businesses to find new customers and one way for a mailorder company to do this is by joining a co-op database of mailorder customers.
We supply the names of our customers to this database and then prospect to others in the database that meet our customer profile (bakers, folks who send greeting cards, etc.).
Our company now utilizes this type service.
Only other reputable companies may join this database and contribute their customer's names.
If you do not wish to be a part of this program, we encourage you to let us know and we will omit your name from the database.
We also encourage you to contact the Direct Marketing Association at http://www.dmachoice.org/ to learn more about your direct mail options.
Follow us
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
Southern Flavoring Company will be closed Nov. 25-27 for Thanksgiving.
We will resume shipping on Nov. 30th.
Please allow extra time for your shipment to arrive.
In addition to several backordered items, FedEx and USPS are not guaranteeing service levels.
OK