https://www.harrisranch.com/room-options/#!/policies
COVID-19 updates and what to expect during your visit.
Skip to content
Search:
Search
559-935-0717 Service@harrisranch.comFacebook page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new window
DineMenu Order Takeout Online Express BBQ Meet the Chefs
StayWhat to Expect During Your Visit Amenities Policies Room Reservations
Gift Cards Special Offers BakeryPre-order Holiday Pies Cakes Pastries Danish Pies Tarts Cookies
Country StoreHoliday Beef Promotion Dinner Side Dish Package Gift Baskets
Weddings & MeetingsSubmit Inquiry Venues & Facilities Wedding Gallery Meetings & Events
Shop OnlineHarris Ranch Beef Beef Packages Sauces & Seasonings Gifts & Apparel Privacy Policy / Terms
About UsUpcoming Events Live Music Onsite AmenitiesAirport Country Store Fast Track & Fuel Tesla Supercharger Station
History Contact Us Meet Our Team Frequently Asked Questions Careers
loading...
Quality hotel accommodations with multiple onsite
dining venues
An oasis for travelers with 153 well-appointed hotel rooms and suites, The Inn at Harris Ranch is a modern Western retreat in the heart of California’s Central Valley.
The Harris Family takes pride in hosting the many travelers who stop at Harris Ranch. Located midway between San Francisco and Los Angeles on Interstate 5—one of America’s most-traveled highways—The Inn at Harris Ranch caters to guests on road trips for business and pleasure.
Come experience the genuine hospitality of the American West, wrought on a grand scale at the Inn at Harris Ranch. We invite you to unwind in the time-honored style, grace and tradition of cowboy culture.
The rich, ranch-themed lobby serves as a gathering place and gateway to inviting rooms and suites, many with balconies overlooking our courtyard. Each guest at check-in receives a freshly baked cookie from the Harris Ranch Country Store. Families always enjoy our refreshing Olympic-style pool and the multiple Jacuzzi spas tucked into our beautifully landscaped courtyard. Our terraced grounds also include designated pet-friendly areas.
Ask about available special offers by calling the Harris Ranch Inn directly at 559-935-0717.
Ask about special group rates when reserving rooms for parties of 10 or more by contacting Meetings & Events at ext. 6598 Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. or by emailing MeetingsAndEvents@HarrisRanch.com anytime.
Our friendly, convenient hotel in Coalinga offers several room options.
Deluxe Double Queen
Enjoy the charm of this room, appointed with custom drapery and rustic log furniture. Featuring two queen-size beds that comfortably sleep 4, a flat screen TV with remote control and breakfast table. Available with either a shower or tub. Located on the outer perimeter of our Central California hotel with a view of our tranquil farms.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 400
Deluxe Double Queen with Patio or Balcony
Enjoy the charm of this room, appointed with custom drapery and rustic log furniture. Featuring two queen-size beds that comfortably sleep 4, a flat screen TV with remote control and breakfast table. Shower only. Available overlooking our Central California hotel’s tranquil farms or lush inner courtyard with a spa in our beautifully landscaped garden.
Occupancy: 1-4        Square Feet: 400
Deluxe King with Patio or Balcony
Enjoy the amenities of home. This room features a spacious, comfortable California king-size bed set amidst rustic log furniture, a flat screen TV with remote control, a breakfast table and a patio or balcony. Available with a shower only. Subject to availability either overlooking the outer perimeter of our tranquil farms or lush inner courtyard with spa in our Central California hotel’s beautifully landscaped garden.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 400
Triple Crown King
Featuring a comfortable California king-size bed set amidst rustic log furniture. Ideal for the corporate traveler, enjoy the amenities of home with plenty of space to work while on the road. Featuring a flat-screen TV with remote control, a spacious work desk with an executive chair, and a breakfast table. Available with shower only. This room faces the outer perimeter of the Harris Ranch Central California hotel property overlooking our tranquil farms.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 400
Deluxe Poolside King with Patio or Balcony
Relax and refresh in this deluxe poolside king room. Enjoy the comfort of a spacious California king-size bed with all the amenities of home. Featuring a flat screen TV with remote control, a breakfast table and a patio or balcony. Available with a shower or tub. This room overlooks the lush interior Harris Ranch Central California hotel courtyard and refreshing Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 400
Family Suite
This spacious suite has two queen-size beds and one sofa. Enjoy the amenities of home, including a flat screen TV with remote control and a breakfast table. Available with a shower or tub. This room overlooks the lush interior courtyard and refreshing, Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-4        Square Feet: 475
Triple Crown King with Patio or Balcony
Ideal for the corporate traveler, this room features a California king-size bed set amidst rustic log furniture. Enjoy the amenities of home with plenty of space to work while on the road. Features a flat-screen TV with remote control, a spacious work desk with executive chair, breakfast table, patio, and balcony. Available with shower only. This room faces the outer perimeter of the Harris Ranch Central California hotel property overlooking our tranquil farms.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 400
Executive Suite
Enjoy this two-room suite with a living room and bedroom with a dividing door. This room features a comfortable California king-size bed, sofa, a breakfast table, a spacious work desk with chair and a flat screen TV with remote control. Available with a shower or tub. This room faces the lush inner courtyard overlooking our refreshing Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 475
Executive Suite with Patio or Balcony
Enjoy this two-room suite with a bedroom with balcony and a living room divided by a door. The bedroom features a comfortable California King-size bed, while the living room features a sofa, a breakfast table, a spacious work desk with chair and a flat screen TV with remote control. Available with a shower or tub. This room faces the lush inner courtyard overlooking our refreshing Central California hotel’s Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 475
Triple Crown Double Queen Corner Suite with Patio or Balcony
Enjoy this spacious suite, featuring two queen-size beds, a flat screen TV with remote control, a spacious work desk with an executive chair, a breakfast table and a patio or balcony. Available with a shower only. This room faces the outer perimeter of the Harris Ranch Central California hotel property overlooking our tranquil farms.
Occupancy: 1-4        Square Feet: 475
Luxury Suite
Retreat and pamper yourself in this luxurious suite. Featuring a spacious California king-size bed, a sofa, a flat screen TV with remote control, a breakfast table, a patio or balcony, shower and a standard size tub with jets. This room faces our lush inner courtyard overlooking a relaxing spa in one of our beautifully landscaped Central California hotel gardens.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 500
Triple Crown Executive Suite with Patio or Balcony
Retreat to paradise in this spacious two-room suite with a dividing door between the living room and bedroom. Featuring a spacious California king-size bed, a shower and oversized tub with jets, a flat screen TV with remote control in each room, a microwave, a spacious work desk with an executive chair, a breakfast table, and a patio or balcony. This room faces our lush inner courtyard overlooking a spa in our beautifully landscaped Harris Ranch Central California hotel garden.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 600
Presidential Suite
When only the best will do. This three-room suite features a living room, dining room and a bedroom with a California king-size bed. Stretch out and relax with a fireplace in the living room, a microwave, a dining table, a flat screen TV with remote control in each room, an intercom CD/radio system, an oversized spa tub, two showers, and two balconies. This room overlooks our tranquil farms, the entrance to our Central California resort property and the lush interior courtyard as well as the refreshing Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-2        Square Feet: 650
ADA Accessible Rooms
Deluxe Double Queen
ADA accessible
Enjoy the charm of this room, appointed with custom drapery and rustic log furniture. Featuring two queen-size beds that comfortably sleep 4, a flat screen TV with remote control and breakfast table. Available with either a shower or tub. Located on the outer perimeter of our Central California hotel with a view of our tranquil farms.
Occupancy: 1-4    Square Feet: 400    Queen Beds: 2
Deluxe Poolside Double Queen
ADA accessible
Relax and unwind in this deluxe poolside double queen room. Enjoy the comfort of two queen size beds with all the amenities of home. Featuring a flat screen TV, mini fridge, a breakfast table and a patio. Roll in shower. This room overlooks the lush interior hotel courtyard and refreshing Olympic-style pool.
Occupancy: 1-4    Square Feet: 400    Queen Bed: 2
Deluxe Poolside King with Patio
ADA accessible
Featuring one king-size bed, a flat screen TV, mini fridge, a spacious work desk with executive chair, and breakfast table. Rooms boast a patio or balcony. Roll-in shower. These rooms face into our lush courtyard and pool area.
Occupancy: 1-3    Square Feet: 400    Crib: 1    King Bed: 1
Deluxe King With Patio
ADA accessible
Featuring one king-size bed, a flat screen TV, mini fridge and breakfast table. Roll-in shower. This room features a patio.
Occupancy: 1-3    Square Feet: 400    King Bed: 1
Executive Suite
ADA accessible
Featuring one king-size bed, a flat screen TV, mini fridge, a spacious work desk with executive chair, and breakfast table. Rooms boast a separate living room. Roll-in shower.
Occupancy: 1-4    Square Feet: 475    King Bed: 1    Sofa Bed: 1
Luxury Suite
ADA accessible
Enjoy a large one suite, featuring one king-size bed, a sofa sleeper, a flat screen TV, mini fridge, a breakfast table, a patio, roll-in shower and a standard size tub with jets. This suite faces our lush inner courtyard overlooking a relaxing spa.
Occupancy: 1-4    Square Feet: 500    King Bed: 1    Sofa Bed: 1
Our Photo Gallery offers a lovely view of our hacienda-style resort
Our Central California resort offers convenient amenities.
From amenities offered exclusively to our overnight guests to onsite amenities available to all who visit our resort property, Harris Ranch Inn and Restaurant offers a range of services.
Inn Amenities
Available to All Overnight Guests
Olympic-style pool (heated)
3 Jacuzzi Spas
Exercise Room
Business Center
Fax & Copy Service
Wake Up Call Service
Express Check Out
Dining Amenities
Room Service
Available Daily 8 am to 8 pm
Due to Covid-19 regulations, all room service orders are placed in to-go containers with plastic silverware.
Pool Area
Poolside dining for Inn guests only.
Restaurants
Open Daily 8 am to 8 pm *Hours subject to change
Takeout and Curbside, view menu
Harris Ranch Express BBQ
Open Daily 9 am to 9 pm
Located at the Fast Track, Outdoor seating available.
In-Room Amenities
Available in All Rooms
Nonsmoking
Complimentary Wireless Internet
Computer Accessible Data Ports
Cable TV
Sonifi Entertainment System
Keurig Coffee Makers
Hair Dryers
Lighted Makeup Mirrors
Iron & Ironing Board
Available in Select Rooms
Handicapped-equipped
Large Work Desks
Refrigerator
Microwave Oven
Plush Bathrobes
Bathroom Phone
Patio & Balconies
Whirlpool Tubs
Inn Policies
General Parking & RV Parking
The Harris Ranch Inn and Restaurant offers free parking to all our valued resort visitors.
Hotel guests with RVs may park in the east lot between the restaurant and hotel or at the Fast Track Service Station.
We are pleased to provide all travelers with RV parking when available. Please call in advance to check availability at (559) 935-0717.
No Room Tax
The Inn at Harris Ranch is located within Fresno County, which does not have a tourism occupancy tax.
Most California hotels charge this tax, which typically adds 10% to 15% to a hotel stay.
Room Rates
Please check availability and rates through our online reservations system.
Discounts may not always be available and are subject to change without further notice
Check-In and Check-Out Times
Check In: 4 p.m.
Check Out: 12 p.m.
Room Cancelations
Please notify the Inn at Harris Ranch at least 24 hours in advance if you must cancel your reservation.
If you cancel with less than 24 hours notice, your room will be charged in full.
Guaranteeing Your Room
All rooms must be reserved with a credit card 24 hours prior to arrival.
Generally, we cannot guarantee any room or location, although we make every effort to grant special requests.
Children & Infants
Children 17 and under may stay free with adults.
Cribs can be requested in advance for no additional charge.
Pet Friendly Hotel
Pet rooms are subject to availability and must have prior approval.
Without exception, guest is agreeable to the following strictly enforced rules.
Upon check-in, the front desk will request a copy of your pet’s license or shot record. You must have this at check-in or your pet(s) will not be permitted in the hotel.
Pets are not permitted within the pool or spa areas or any Harris Ranch Restaurants.
A one-time cleaning fee is charged per pet at the time of registration. A credit card will be taken upon registration.
Pet(s) cannot be left unattended in a room at any time and must be kept on a leash at all times when not in the room.
For the comfort of our guests, we ask that you please pick up after your pet.
For more information, or to receive details regarding pet policy fees, please call (559) 935-0717 to speak with one of our front desk representatives.
To check availability and rates, enter your travel plans below.
Room Reservations
CartNewsletter and Offers Subscribe
Follow Us
Recent NewsImportant update regarding the coronavirus (COVID-19)March 12, 2020Moving Up in National Rankings from 56 to 45November 25, 2019Harris Ranch Inn & Restaurant Announces New Executive ChefNovember 4, 2019Harris Ranch CEO To Receive Fresno State Honorary DegreeMay 15, 2019
Go to Top