https://www.qualitysilkplants.com/privacypolicy.html
This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:NameAddressPhone Number
(etc.)The Way We Use Information:We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.Our Commitment To The Security of Your DataTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Contact Usinfo@qualitysilkplants.com
Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo! pleas contract us for more infoWe are a Yahoo Secure Store!Security for buyers when ordering through a Yahoo! Store:The following is a description of steps Yahoo! takes to protect your information from misuse when ordering through a Yahoo! Store.Secure Socket Layer (SSL): Yahoo! Store uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time a Yahoo! Store asks for a credit card number during checkout for payment, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers.CISP Compliance: Yahoo! Store is certified CISP-compliant. Created by Visa and MasterCard, the Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) outlines a standard for security procedures for merchants and service providers that store, process, or transmit cardholder data.