http://www.cheapjims.com/privacy.html
Loading, Please Wait...
Home
Wholesaler Application
Contact
Log In
View Cart
0 Products
($0.00)
Checkout
CJ-CLOSEOUTSCJ-HOCKEY BAGSCJ-HOCKEY GOALIE STICKSCJ-HOCKEY PUCKSCJ-HOCKEY STICKS - 1 PIECECJ-SKI GLOVESCJ-SKI GOGGLESCJ-Ski Products-PANTS-BIBS-MASKS-ETCCJ-SPECIALSCJ-STREET HOCKEY STICKSCJ-WOOD HOCKEY STICKSERIK - SNOWBOARD BINDINGSERIK -SKI ACCESSORIESERIK-ALPINE POLESERIK-CLOSEOUTSERIK-CROSS COUNTRY SKI BINDINGSERIK-CROSS COUNTRY SKI BOOTSERIK-CROSS COUNTRY SKI POLESERIK-CROSS COUNTRY SKISERIK-HOCKEY SKATEERIK-MATIX SNOWBOARDSERIK-SNOWBOARD BOOTSERIK-SNOWSHOESHockey HelmetsHockey Replacement BladesHockey ShaftsHockey ShellsHockey SocksHockey Tape & Hockey AccessoriesSKI
KARE -SKI SUPPLIES-TOOLS-WAXESSKI -SUNDRIES -STOMP PADSSKI HELMETSStreet Hockey Goalie Equipment
Shop by Brand
American
Bauer
C.J. Sports
Canadian
CCM
Drop
EASTON
ERIK SPORTS
Fischer
Force Ten
GIRO
Gordini
Hespeler
KWIK GOAL
Matrix
Philly Express
PULSE
SCOTT
Sherwood
SIERRA
SKI KARE
SKI SUNDRIES
SP
TRENWAY
Whitewoods
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Wholesaler Application
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
CheapJims.com - Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Note "CheapJims.com", "Cheap Jim's", "We", and "us" refer to this website and it's operating company, C.J. Sports Sales, Inc.
Disclaimer
Typographical Error and Price Changes
Cheap Jim's is not responsible for typographical errors.
All prices are subject to change without notice.
Miscellaneous
Cheap Jim's shall in no event be liable for incidental or consequential damages resulting from its breach of any terms of the sale, or in the event the goods described on the front side hereof do not conform to specifications. Cheap Jim's shall in no event be liable for buyer's special or consequential damages. All return shipping charges shall be the responsibility of Buyer.
The laws of the state of New York shall govern and construe this sale. Buyer agrees New York is a convenient forum state for resolution of any disputes hereunder and consents to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the state of New York.
Buyer agrees to be bound by the policies of Cheap Jim's and has read all such policies before placement of this order.
Cheap Jim's cannot be held responsible for damage to any product or related item due to customer negligence or abuse.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
CheapJims.com collects personally identifying information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. We are dedicated to providing you with a compelling service to help you make the most of your time on the Internet. The more we know about you, the better we can serve your needs. We recognize that we need to earn your trust, and firmly believe that you should know exactly what personally identifying information we collect and how we are going to use it before you share it with us.
Basic Statement
Personally identifying information that you provide to CheapJims.com will not be made available to third parties without your explicit permission. We will collect personally identifying information about you only when you specifically and knowingly provide it to us. Your personally identifying information will only be used to personalize your experience with our website or for such other purposes as are described at any point where CheapJims.com collects this information from you.
CheapJims.com may make aggregate information about our customers (e.g. overall statistics) available to third parties for advertising and other purposes. However, any information that personally identifies you will be kept strictly confidential. Personally identifying information that you choose to provide to another party or website will be subject to their privacy policy.
What is "Personally Identifying Information?"
"Personally identifying information" is information that can be explicitly used to identify and/or contact you as an individual. This includes information such as your real name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, etc. Information that, by itself, cannot be explicitly linked with your "real" identity is not considered personally identifying. Examples of this are favorite or bookmarked websites, or your preferences with respect to how you wish to see a given page, or site set up according to the selections you choose.
On occasion, CheapJims.com may ask you for personal information such as your name or address. We do this when you register for contests/promotions or services that require registration or subscription. CheapJims.com needs to collect this information for fulfilling prizes, and for tracking/verifying compliance with CheapJims.com policies. It may also be needed for purposes of compliance with federal, provincial, and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes. When we intend to use your personal information, we will seek and obtain your written permission first. This way you can decide whether you want to permit us to use the information.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site; e.g., the items you have in a "shopping cart" for an online store. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and most websites use them to provide great features for their customers.
CheapJims.com has two primary uses for cookies. First, we use them to specify unique preferences. Second, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the CheapJims.com service that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to the CheapJims.com website always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the CheapJims.com website service may not function as effectively, or at all, if you refuse cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on the CheapJims.com website, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from the CheapJims.com pages that take you outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a search result, the "click" might take you off the CheapJims.com site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use the CheapJims.com logo as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up!
CheapJims.com privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond CheapJims.com control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
E-Mail To Us
When you send us e-mail, we will use your name and e-mail address only to respond to the concerns you write about. Your e-mail may be shared with appropriate people within the CheapJims.com organization to help us respond to your concerns and/or to improve the CheapJims.com website.
Changes To This Policy
From time to time, CheapJims.com may introduce new products and services to its users and members. CheapJims.com reserves the right to modify this policy at any time with our without notice. Please contact us with any questions or for more information.
Cheap Jim's Sport Sales    cheapjim@cheapjims.com
Cheap Jim's Sport Sales - © Copyright 2000 - 2020 - All Rights Reserved
Website Development and Web Hosting by Online Media