https://www.northforkbison.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerCUSTOMER SERVICE 1-888-422-0623
Monday - Friday 9:00am - 4:00pm
Search
Search this website
Sign In
My account
Register
English
Français
You are here: Home / Privacy policyWelcome to northforkbison.com!
We work hard to ensure that your online shopping experience is easy, convenient and secure. Please take a moment to read out privacy policy.
Security and Privacy Policy
All personal information that northforkbison.com obtains from you when you use services on our site is strictly confidential. We do not share your information with anyone. Our Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If we make any material changes, we will post a notice on our home page.
By using this site, you agree to the terms of our policy.
With respect to Personal Information Collected:
Northfork Bison will ask you for information, including some personal information, if you use one of several services:
Signing up for our newsletter.
In order to sign up to receive our emails, you need to provide your e-mail address.  You may unsubscribe from our email list at any time.  If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages, look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list.
Becoming a Value Club Member.
In order to register, you need to share some personal information, such as your name and e-mail address. You do not have to be a registered Club Member to visit our northforkbison.com web pages or to shop online.
Making a purchase.
When you buy something on northforkbison.com, you will need to supply a billing address, phone number, shipping address and credit card information. By making a purchase, you can become a registered user of northforkbison.com. You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase, such as your shipping and billing addresses in the My Account – Profile page.
How northforkbison.com protects your information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information and we take this responsibility very seriously. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For example:
We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception.
We will not store or display your credit card number when you place an order on our website.
We urge you to protect your own privacy. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail.
Personal information may be disclosed only if required by law.
Northforkbison.com does not sell or license personal information.
Making a Purchase
When you make a purchase on northforkbison.com, you will need to supply a billing address, phone number and shipping address.  You will also be asked for your credit card information.
Our website is hosted in a PCI (Payment Card Industry), Level-1 Compliant data center for optimum security and all credit card information is encrypted.  (For more information on PCI Compliance, visit www.pcicompliance.org.)  Your transaction information will be transferred and stored in our secure, offline database to allow us to manage and fulfill your order.  Please note:  your credit card information will not be stored when you place an order on the northforkbison.com website.
Credit card payments are processed through Moneris on the day that your order is received.  The following credit cards are accepted for payment:
Visa
MasterCard
We are able to accept credit cards that have been issued by banks either in Canada or the United States. Please note:  For your security, your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria.
We’re sorry, we do not accept: CODs, Personal Checks, Money Orders
By making a purchase, you can become a registered user of northforkbison.com. You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase, such as your shipping and billing addresses, within your account on the website.
Children Under 16
You can look at our site, but you cannot make a purchase. You also cannot become a registered user, sign up for our emailing list or use any service that asks for personal information. Our site is not designed for children. We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 16. This policy is designed to protect children.
External Site Links
Northforkbison.com links to other websites on the internet. Content and Privacy Policies of those sites are the responsibility of their respective owners.
IP Addresses and Logging
The northforkbison.com server logs information about visitors, including IP addresses, date/time visited, referring website, length of stay, number of visits, etc. This information is used for site statistics and analysis only.
Questions About This Policy
If you have any questions about this policy, or the content or practices of our website, you can contact us directly via email
ShareTweetPin0 SharesPrimary SidebarLatest news
Updates and Coronavirus Response
Bison Fondue Recipe
Grill up a Mother’s Day Feast With Prepared
Bison and Elk Burgers
Tags
best sources of iron
bison
bison burger
bison burgers
bison calories
bison cholesterol
bison chuck
bison fats
bison jerky
bison loin
bison meat taste
bison nutrition
bison protein
bison recipes
bison roasts
bison stew
buffalo burgers
buffalo steaks
canadian bison association
cheaper cuts
chuck roast
chuck roast recipe
cooking tips
cooking wild boar
elk
elk stew
filets de bison
goulash recipe
ground bison
halloween
Health
meatballs
pot-roast
protein
sources of iron
speicals
taste of elk
three bean chilli
top protein
wild boar
wild boar cuts
wild boar meat
wild boar specials
wild boar stew
wild game recipes
Sign up to our newsletter and get $10 off your first order
Leave this field empty if you're human:
FooterCustomer careShipping Policy
Refund Policy
Privacy policy
Shipping Rates and Zones
NewsAbout Northfork Bison
Blog
Wild Game Recipes
Our Cooking Videos
Here to helpContact
HEAD OFFICE
8715 Lafrenaie, Saint-Leonard, Québec H1P 2B6 Canada
1-888-422-0623
northforkbison.com reserves the right to modify product pricing without notice / northforkbison.com
se réserve le droit de modifier le prix des produits offerts sur le Site en tout temps et sans préavis