https://www.bestzapper.com/privacy-policy/
Dr. Hulda Clark
Who Is Dr. Clark?
Books by Dr. Hulda Clark
What Is A Hulda Clark Zapper?
Zapper Accessories
Zappicators
Wristbands
Zapper Gloves
Pet Zapper Pads
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
At Best Zapper we strive to live by the Golden Rule and want you to know about a few of our fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services – tracking orders, providing warranty services, etc.
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please click here to contact us. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Best Zapper collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use this website. We do not publish or make available this data, but use it to optimize our site to serve you better, for example by making the most useful pages more visible in our page navigation menus.
We may also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our blog. We only disclose logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Visitors to our website may choose to interact with it in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who comment on our blog to provide a username and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with us – for example, by purchasing from our website – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with us. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain useful website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to our websites. For instance, we may monitor the most popular pages on our site or use spam screening for all articles with comments enabled. However, we do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Personally-Identifying Information
We disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that:
need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at our website, andhave agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using this website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other legally enforceable governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of our website and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Best Zapper and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users, always in a respectful manner and edited to protect your privacy. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Our website may use cookies to help us anonymously track visitors and usage of our website.
Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of this website will not function properly without the aid of cookies. In particular, the Zapper Store section of this website will not function correctly if you choose to disable cookies.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Examples of embedded content include Youtube or Vimeo videos.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Business Transfers
If Best Zapper, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Best Zapper goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Best Zapper may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Shopping Cart
You have 0
items
($0.00) in your shopping cart.
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart | Checkout
You have 0 items
in your shopping cart.
View Cart
Our ProductsAll Products
AutoZap 5 Integrated Wellness System
Zappers
Zapper Accessories
The SuperZappicator
Wristbands
Gloves
Pet Zapper Pads