http://www.svcvacuum.com/svc_privacy.htm
SVCvacuum.com
Family Owned Vacuum Shop - SINCE 1947
ANY Bag, ANY Filter, ANY Part.
Sales & Service - Hard To Find Parts Experts...
1-888-209-8113
Call Toll Free M-F 9-5:30pm Sat till 1:00pm EDT
Home
Power Tools
Black And Decker
Campbell Hausfeld
Hitachi
Homelite
Metabo
Ridgid
Ryobi
Wagner Painter
Power Wheels
Batteries
Battery Chargers
Tires
Decals
Parts
Switches
Steering Wheels
Small Appliance
Broan/Nutone
Heath Mor
Mr. Coffee
Oster/Sunbeam
Presto
Coupons
Check Out
Google Maps
Home
Privacy Statement
Vacuum Products List
Vacuum Bags
Vacuum Belts
Vacuum Cleaners
Vacuum Filters
Vacuum Parts
Vacuum Accessories
Find us on Google+
Follow @Svcvacuum
United Vacuum /Bettervac ToolAnd Appliance
1936 Fairfield Av.
Fort Wayne In. 46802
(260)426-1633 (Store)
1-888-209-8113 (Orders)
Email: svcvacuum@gmail.com
A BBB Accredited business since 09/10/1998
Privacy Statement for www.svcvacuum.com
Southside Vacuum Company Inc. has
created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to
privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website: www.svcvacuum.com.
Resale or disclosure of information to
third parties:
Southside Vacuum Company Inc. does not sell, rent, loan,
trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including
membership forms or email lists. If you have any questions, please don't
hesitate to let us know.
Browser information collected on the website:
Southside Vacuum Company Inc. analyzes our website logs to
constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website
logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with
the individuals that actually browse the site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our
server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify
you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart:
Our site uses an order form for customers to request
information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information
(like their email address) and financial information (like their account or
credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send
orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's
contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when
necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to
bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys asks visitors for contact information (like
their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card
numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income
level). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about
our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the
visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at
our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site,
showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying
the content according to their preferences.
Security:
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use a secure
server for your orders.
Choice/Opt-Out:
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their
information from our database to not receive future communications or to no
longer receive our service.
1.You can send email to
questions@svcvacuum.com
2.You can send mail to the following postal address: 1011 E. Coliseum Blvd Fort Wayne In. 46805
3.You can call the following telephone number: (260)745-7788
Change/Modify:
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
1.Email
questions@svcvacuum.com
2.Send mail to the following postal address: 1011 E. Coliseum Blvd Fort Wayne In. 46805
3.Call the following telephone number: (260)745-7788
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Bill Masters
Southside Vacuum Company Inc.
1011 E. Coliseum Blvd
Fort Wayne In. 46805
Phone (260) 745-7788
Fax (260) 969-0628
Home | Vacuum Cleaners | Vacuum Bags | Vacuum Belts | Vacuum Parts | Accessories | Tech Help
Power Wheels | Power Tools | Small Appliaces | About Us | Contact Us | Email | Check Out
Term & Conditions | Privacy Statement |Copyright © 1995 - 2019 Bettervac Tool And Appliance