http://www.ktmworld.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
my account
Free Shipping On Orders Over $149! See Full Details
770-748-0771
Home
KTM Parts
KTM Motorcycles
Service Dept
Free Shipping
Company
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms and Conditions
International Orders
KTM World Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information that we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us or that we may collect on a partner's site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.
Security
Your account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
In sensitive areas of the site such as the check out page where you add credit card info for a purchase, we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personal information when you register for an account, when you use our contact forms, and when you request our newsletter. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with us, we ask for your name and email address. Once you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, web browsing cookie information, and pages you request. We use this information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you about specials and new products.  WE NEVER SELL OR SHARE OUR CUSTOMER LIST!
1501 Culp Lake Rd.Cedartown, GA 30125
p: 770-748-0771
Shop OEM Parts
KTM OEM Parts
KTM OEM Accessories
KTM Apparel & Gear
Connect
©2012-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Site Powered by vNext Technologies, Inc.
Hello
Sign in and enjoy all the member benefits right now.
Sign In
Not a Member Yet?  Start Here
No Thanks, Not Now