http://www.importcds.com/privacy-policy
Welcome to ImportCDs.com
Hello(Register |
Log in)
My Account
search input
All Products
All ProductsUpc/CatMovies/TvActorStudioTitleMusicAlbumArtistArtist (Lp Only)LabelSongClassicalAlbumPersonWorkAccessoriesApparelCollectiblesAuthors
search
Advanced Search
Current cart in use:SHOPPING CART
Shopping Cart
( items)
Title
Qty
your cart is empty
Go To Checkout
About Us
Music Information
DVD/Blu-ray Information
Order Processing/Shipping
Shipping Rates
Shipping Methods
International Shipping Countries
Returning an Item
Payment
Sales Tax
Communication
Security
Minimum Browser Requirements
Other Info
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
As set forth in our Terms of Use, the ImportCDs website, including
all subpages and successor pages thereto (the "Website" or “Site”), the ImportCDs mobile application (the "Mobile App"),
and other associated services (the “Service” or "Services") are owned and operated by DirectToU, LLC and/or one of its
subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as "ImportCDs", "we", "our" or "us"). The Website, Mobile App and the Service are also
collectively referred hereto as the “ImportCDs Platform” or the “Platform”.
By using, accessing or registering with the ImportCDs Platform, you signify your consent to this Privacy Policy
and Terms of Use. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, delete all cookies from your browser cache
after visiting or using the ImportCDs Platform and do not visit or use the Platform thereafter. Your continued use
of the ImportCDs Platform will signify your acceptance of these terms.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE
PRIVACY QUICK LOOK
Anyone may browse our Website, Services and/or App, but you must provide personal information in order to
register with the us and take full advantage of the ImportCDs Platform and the features offered by the ImportCDs
Website, Services and App. Learn more
We may contact you by email or SMS text, and by registering with us, you expressly consent to receiving email,
or text messages from us.
When you visit or use the ImportCDs Platform, we set cookies on your Web browser so that we can recognize you
and personalize our site to your preferences. Learn more
You can control the placement of cookies on your Web browser by your Web browser settings. Learn more
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
At ImportCDs, your privacy is important to us. We understand that you entrust us with the management of your data.
Please know that we protect your privacy. ImportCDs may share or sell personal information about you to or with any
person or organization as provided in this Privacy Policy or as may be required by law or court order. This Privacy Policy
describes the standards that we adhere to in handling information about you.
The www.importcds.com website (the "Website") is provided to You by DirectToU, LLC and/or any of its related,
affiliated and/or subsidiary companies (individually and collectively, "ImportCDs," "We," "Our" or "Us"), and the
following Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by ImportCDs in connection with the Website as well
as the ImportCDs pages on Facebook, Twitter and Google.
For convenience, the words "user," "You" and "Your" as used
in this Privacy Policy refer to users of the Website.
ImportCDs recognizes that Your privacy and the protection of Your personal information are important to You, and
therefore, has adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes ImportCDs's privacy practices and how
ImportCDs treats the personal information that it collects from You when You use the use the Website, including any
personal information You provide when You conduct business with ImportCDs on or through the Website or use
ImportCDs's Media's services that are provided on or through the Website.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" is information that (i) You provide to ImportCDs and
(ii) personally identifies You. Personal Information includes Your name, email and postal address, billing, credit card and
banking information, telephone numbers and other data that can be used to personally identify or contact You.
THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN AND MANAGE
The Personal Information that the ImportCDs may collect from You and/or manage includes, but is not limited to:
Contact information such as email and postal addresses and telephone numbers;
Credit card and banking information; and
Purchasing activities
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, ImportCDs will store all information provided by You in its
secure data servers during the time You
use ImportCDs products and/or services. ImportCDs uses commercially
reasonable efforts to ensure that such information is secure and to protect against its loss, misuses, and alteration of the
information under ImportCDs's direct control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ImportCDs cannot guarantee that its
security measures will prevent its computers from illegal or otherwise unauthorized access. For the avoidance of doubt,
ImportCDs will not retain Your credit card or other banking information without Your separate, prior written authorization.
HOW WE OBTAIN THE PERSONAL INFORMATION
ImportCDs may obtain, collect, retain, store or otherwise maintain Your Personal Information from the following sources:
Information that You provide to Us when You initiate communications with Us, subscribe to Our newsletter,
respond to a survey published by Us or purchase goods and services from Us;
Your entries for sweepstakes and other promotions provided or sponsored by Us;
Your responses to communications from ImportCDs. From time to time, ImportCDs may communicate
with You through email, postal mail or other forms of electronic communications regarding
Your purchases of
goods and services from Us and the Website. If You respond to these communications, Your responses may contain
Personal Information; and
Third parties to whom You have provided Your Personal Information and have consented to those third parties
sale, rental or transfer of such Personal Information.
You can decline to provide Your Personal Information to ImportCDs by not engaging in the activities described above.
If You decline to submit Personal Information, ImportCDs may not be able to or may choose not to provide to You some
or all of the features available on the Website.
ImportCDs also collects non-personally identifiable server-log information relating to users of the Website. This
information, may include information such as, but not limited to Your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type,
browser language, the date and time of Your request, date and time of access, one or more cookies that may uniquely identify
Your browser and referrer Uniform Resource Locator. None of this information enables ImportCDs to personally identify
or contact You.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
ImportCDs only uses Personal Information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Specifically, ImportCDs only uses Your Personal Information for:
Doing business with You, including processing payments and communicating with You regarding Your purchases of
goods and services from ImportCDs;
Communicating with You regarding sweepstakes and other contests offered or sponsored by ImportCDs that
You have entered;
Processing, formatting and displaying customized content on the Website for You;
Communicating with You regarding changes to: ImportCDs's Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy or any
other policies or terms relating to the Website or the offering of goods and services on the Website;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve the Website and the other goods and
services offered or provided by ImportCDs;
Communicating with You, with Your consent, regarding new and additional ImportCDs services and changes
to the Website; and/or
Ensuring the technical functioning of the Website, including creating and maintaining back-ups or other archival
copies of Personal Information and other related data.
ImportCDs restricts access to Personal Information to those service providers, employees, contractors and agents of
ImportCDs who need to access Personal Information for the purposes specified above. These individuals are bound by
confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Except as otherwise set forth herein, ImportCDs does not share Your Personal Information with third parties without
Your consent, and when We believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a subpoena or other
judicial order or process, as otherwise required by law or in order to enforce ImportCDs's Terms of Service. In such
circumstances, Your Personal Information may also be disclosed to ImportCDs's attorneys.
If ImportCDs desires to use Your Personal Information for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy
Policy, ImportCDs will request Your consent prior to such use and offer You an effective way to opt out of the use
of Personal Information for those other purposes. If You opt out or otherwise decline to submit Personal Information in
response to such a request, ImportCDs may not be able to provide to You some or all of the features available on
the Website.
By clicking “I Agree” on the dialog box below, you hereby agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION
We may collect and track certain technical information to ensure that Your experiences on the Website and purchase of
goods and services offered on the Website, including but not limited to the following:
Cookies - A cookie is a small file stored on a user's computer that contains information about the user.
We may use either session ID cookies (which terminate once a browser is closed) or persistent cookies (which
are small text files stored on a user's hard drive for an extended period of time). Cookies allow Us to see
how and when You use our sites, but they cannot be used to track personal information such as email address
or phone number. Cookies also allow Us to store the personal preferences that You set during each visit to
our sites which can speed up Your future visits. These cookies cannot damage a user's files and cannot read
information from a user's hard drive.
Log files - ImportCDs may use log files to track how our sites are being accesses and used. Log
files track anonymous user information such as IP addresses, browser types, Internet service providers,
referring and exit pages, platform type, date and time stamps, and number of clicks to, from, and within
our sites.
Information from Banner Ads - If You arrive at ImportCDs's website(s) through a banner ad or other
Affiliate referral device, ImportCDs may track where You arrived from, as well as clicks that might
have impacted our servers.
We may use clear GIF Tracking Pixels to track user movement through our web sites for aggregated site
traffic measuring. In addition, some Affiliates may set such tracking pixels on our web site pages to track
completed forms and requests referred by their web sites.
Please be assured that no Personal Information is collected from or stored in these cookies, files or tracking devices.
"CONTACT US" INFORMATION
If You communicate with Us through the "Contact Us", We may ask You for Personal Information such as Your name, email
address, or phone number. If You are contacting Us with respect to a customer service issue, we may use the Personal
Information that You provide to contact You in order to resolve that customer service issue. If necessary to resolve
Your customer service issue, the Personal Information that You provide to Us may be shared with third parties in order
to resolve the issue. Please understand that by providing such information in connection with a customer service issue,
You are giving Your express consent for Us to use Your Personal Information to contact and communicate with You regarding
that customer service issue.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
ImportCDs may collect or purchase information from third parties regarding persons who provided information to
those third parties. Information provided to Us by the third party may include, but not limited to, individual names,
email and postal addresses, telephone numbers, and any other information provided to the third party. ImportCDs
uses its reasonable best efforts to ensure that (i) the third party possesses the right to transfer the information to
ImportCDs and (ii) ImportCDs has received the right to communicate with the persons who provided the
information.
EMAIL SOLICITATIONS
ImportCDs only sends email solicitation to users who have agreed, through this Privacy Policy, on third party
websites or by other means, to receive emails from ImportCDs.
WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS
If the email address You provide to ImportCDs is a wireless address, You agree to receive messages at such address
from ImportCDs. You understand that Your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages. You represent
and warrant that You are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that
You are authorized to approve the applicable charges associated therewith.
AFFILIATES
ImportCDs may share Your Personal Information with companies that are related to or affiliated with ImportCDs
(collectively, “Affiliates”).
Affiliates will use Your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy
Policy.
LINKS
This Privacy Policy only pertains to the Website. Other websites and portals, such as those to which the Website links to
or link to the Website, including, without limitation, Facebook.com, Google.com and Twitter.com may have their own privacy
policies. We encourage You to read the privacy policies and terms of use of the websites and portals that You visit through
links placed on the Website as well as those for websites that provide links to the Website. You should contact these websites
directly if You have any questions about their use of Your Personal Information. ImportCDs is not responsible for any
use of Your Personal Information or any other type of Your information when You use such third party sites and services.
INFORMATION SHARING AND ONWARD TRANSFER
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a commercial purpose or sell your personal information,
subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights). When we
disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received
explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers
Analytics providers
Data aggregators
In addition, ImportCDs reserves the right to share non-personally identifiable information relating to users of
the Website or the ImportCDs services with our partners and advertisers. The information will not be linked to
any personal identifiable information. When You sign up for any third party service, information may be shared with the
third party and Your privacy will be maintained in accordance with the third party privacy policy.
RESTRICTED AREAS
Certain areas of the Website such as areas only available to our Affiliate and/or customer network, may have additional or
different terms and conditions than those addressed in this policy. If You access any of these areas, You should consult the
privacy policies posted in those areas.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
ImportCDs may, at its sole discretion, revise this Privacy Policy at any time in a manner consistent with applicable
laws and regulations. When we revise this policy, including changes to ImportCDs's use of Your Personal Information,
we will incorporate the revisions into this policy and will revise the "last revised" date at the top of this web page. We
will notify you when any changes to this Privacy Policy are made.
We recommend that You review those changes in order to
remain informed about how ImportCDs uses Your Personal Information.
CALIFORNIA USER CONSUMER RIGHTS
In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file
grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, STE 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814;
or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov. For
more information about protecting Your privacy, You may wish to visit: www.ftc.gov.
CHILDREN'S/MINOR'S USE OF THE WEBSITE
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
You acknowledge that the personal information You provide to ImportCDs is collected and stored in the United States and
therefore consent to the transfer of information to and storage of the information in the United States, regardless of Your
country of domicile.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severed
from the balance of the agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions, which will
continue in full force and effect.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
By completing forms provided by ImportCDs and providing personal information through the Website, through any means,
and by using the Website and services contained therein, You hereby represent and warrant that:
You have read, understand and agree to ImportCDs's Privacy Policy;
You are an actual person of at least 18 years of age, You have the right to provide the information that You
submit to ImportCDs, and the information You submit is accurate, complete and truthful; and
If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, then do not provide Your information to
ImportCDs through any means. In such case, ImportCDs is relieved of any of its obligations
to You as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
OPT OUT RIGHTS GENERALLY
You have the right to opt out of the sale of Your Covered Information, as such term is defined under Nevada law.
You may submit a request to opt out of future sales by us by writing to us at optout@importcds.com.
We will maintain your request in the event our practices change in the future. Should your email address change, please submit a new
request to optout@importcds.com with your new email address. We reserve the right to take reasonable
steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS / YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our
disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during
the immediately preceding calendar year (e.g., responses to requests made in 2020 will contain information
about 2018 sharing activities).
We do not share personally identifiable information about you to third party direct marketers, what we do
share with third party direct marketers is a cryptographic hash value derived from your information. That
hash value cannot be reasonably associated with your personal information.
California residents may request further information about our compliance with this law by sending a request
to the address set forth in the Contact Us section below. You must include “California Privacy Rights” in the
subject line, and your full name, email address, and postal address in your request. Please note that under
California law, businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year,
and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this physical mailing address.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT OF 2018
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the Notice to California
Residents/Your California Privacy Rights and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the
State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy
Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
You understand and agree that this CCPA supplemental notice incorporates the arbitration agreement provisions
set forth in ImportCDs’s Terms of Service, including a waiver of any rights to class-wide arbitration.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The ImportCDs Platform collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of
being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or
device ("personal information"), but does not include in particular,
Publicly available information from government records,
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information,
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like: Health or medical information covered by the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality
of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit
Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and the California Financial Information Privacy
Act (FIPA); and Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
ImportCDs has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last
twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address,
and email address.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, and payment card information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status,
medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression,
pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic
information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a
template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints,
iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar Platform activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g,
34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its
behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial
information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior,
attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records;
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information;
Digital images or photographs not used for identification;
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, for example: Health or
medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality
of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws,
including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act (GLBA), the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA),
and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
ImportCDs obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following
categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete, products you purchase, or
information you choose to post or share.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on the ImportCDs Platform.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name
and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal
information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product
or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also
save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns;
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Platform, products, and services;
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address
your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
To personalize your ImportCDs Platform experience and to deliver content and product and service
offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Platform,
third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Platform, products and services,
databases and other technology assets, and business;
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our
Platform, products, and services;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or
governmental regulations;
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA;
and
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other
sale or transfer of some or all of ImportCDs’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by ImportCDs
about ImportCDs users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected
for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a commercial purpose. When we disclose personal information
for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal
information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers, including customer service, payment processing, marketing and analytical
services; and
Data aggregators.
DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for
a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar Platform activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers, including customer service, payment processing, marketing and analytical services; and
Data aggregators.
SALES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers.
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Commercial information.
Biometric information.
Internet or other similar Platform activity.
Geolocation data.
Sensory data.
Professional or employment-related information.
Non-public education information.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section
describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INFORMATION AND DATA PORTABILITY RIGHTS
You have the right to request that ImportCDs disclose certain information to you about our collection and use
of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request
(see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and
Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request); and
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
DELETION REQUEST RIGHTS
You have the right to request that ImportCDs delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and
retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access,
Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete and direct our service providers to delete your personal
information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Even if verifiable, we may nonetheless deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us
or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested,
take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform
our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those
responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another
right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres
to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously
impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; or
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS
You may exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above by submitting a verifiable consumer
request to us using one of the following options:
Calling us at 855-258-9650
Sending an email to privacy@importcds.com
Using one of the on-line CCPA request forms below
ON-LINE CCPA REQUEST FORMS
To exercise the right to access your personal information stored by ImportCDs, you may submit a request to us
by visiting:
ACCESS TO MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
To exercise the right to obtain a copy of your personal information stored by ImportCDs, you may submit a
request to us by visiting:
EXERCISE PERSONAL INFORMATION PORTABILITY
To exercise the right to delete your personal information stored by ImportCDs, you may submit a request to
us by visiting:
DELETE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
PERSONAL INFORMATION SALES OPT-OUT AND OPT-IN RIGHTS
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to
direct us to not sell your personal information in the event our practices change in the future (the "right to
opt-out"). For consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization
(the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian
of a consumer less than 13 years of age, we will not sell your information in the event our practices change in the
future.
In order to exercise the right to opt-out of personal information sales by ImportCDs, you (or someone legally
authorized) may submit a request to us by visiting:
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your opt-out request in the event
our practices change in the future. Should your email address change, please submit a new request with your new email
address. We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information
provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
VERIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR REQUESTS
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access, data portability, or deletion twice within a 12-month
period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected
personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or
authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider
requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal
information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity
or authority to make the request.
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 days and will endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer
request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will notify and
inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If we receive a request to opt-out from you, we will act upon that request within 15 days from the date we receive
that request.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account electronically. If you do not
have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data
portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and
should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance (e.g., an excel
spreadsheet that has been converted into a changed-locked pdf).
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive,
or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision
and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
NON-DISCRIMINATION
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices,
rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal
information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a
financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
OTHER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Platform that are California
residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their
direct marketing purposes. ImportCDs does not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@importcds.com or write us at:
ImportCDs
740 Hilltop Drive
Itasca, IL 60143 USA
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
ImportCDs reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes
to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the ImportCDs Platform and update the notice's effective
date. Your continued use of our Platform following the posting of changes signifies and constitutes your acceptance
of such changes.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection,
storage, disclosure and use practices, please email us at: privacy@importcds.com
Any personal information you provide to the above email addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials,
unless you request it.
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sign up to receive news and exclusive ImportCDs :
Name
Email Address
Sign me up
Signing up...
Helpful Links
Home Page
Returns and Exchanges
Digital Magazine Subscription
New Music Blog
Your Account
Log In
My Account
Shopping Cart
Order History
Company Info
FAQ
Contact Us
Shipping Rates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accepted Payments
ImportCDs is not responsible for typographical or photographical errors. Prices, specifications and stock levels are subject to change without notice.
©2020 DirectToU, LLC
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
More details
Understood