https://www.thingsjapanese.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign In
Login
Forgot Your Password?
Create an AccountToggle Nav
My Cart
Search
Search
Search
Menu
Home
Ukiyo-e
Actors
Beautiful Women
Birds, Animals & Flowers
Landscapes
Osaka
Surimono
Warriors
Shin Hanga
Actors
Beautiful Women
Birds, Animals & Flowers
Landscapes
Shunga
Antiques
Baskets (Ikebana)
Bronze
Ceramics/Porcelain
Paintings
Under $100
Recent Acquisitions
On Sale
Sold
Account
Search
Search
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website ("website") is operated by Things Japanese. This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website.
Things Japanese Security
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access.
Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. Our Customer Care center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
Privacy Policy
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.
As we continue to develop the Things Japanese website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
The Information We Collect
Generally, you may browse the Things Japanese website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features, pricing, and product selection.
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use. When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
Your Choices Regarding Use Of The Information We Collect
You have several choices regarding our handling of your nonpublic personally identifiable information.
Direct Mail or Telephone Marketing:If you shop at Things Japanese and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail or telemarketing calls, please write to thingsjapaneseny@gmail.com  Please include your name, address, and credit card account number (if you have one), and state one of the following:
"NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by mail);
"NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by phone);
"NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive either).
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on the our website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to Sign Out when you finish shopping. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Emails
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive email,  you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Questions for Things Japanese?
Phone: 914 318 6832
Email: thingsjapaneseny@gmail.com
Top
item(s) in your cart
Go to Checkout