http://www.twohillstea.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
* SUPERFOOD GIFT BOXES NOW AVAILABLE / 35% OFF MATCHA /
FREE SHIPPING OVER $111 *
Matcha
Black
Fermented
Oolong
White
Green
Superfoods
Herbal
Wellness
Teaware
PRIVACY POLICY
ORDERS
To complete an order, our visitors must share with us contact information (name, e-mail and shipping address) and billing information (credit card number and expiration date). This information is used to create an account to process and ship your orders.  Credit card information is never stored by Two Hills Tea Ltd.; it is processed entirely through PayPal.
SPECIAL OFFERS
Our customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our customers we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice/Opt-out section below.
On rare occasions it may be necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send you an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications. However, these communications are not promotional in nature, and are extremely infrequent.
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of personal account data stored on the customer's hard drive containing info that will enhance the enjoyment of our site. For example, a cookie containing a record of past orders provides such useful features as an opportunity to easily reorder or refill any of our teas, and post reviews of the items previously purchased, as well as receive recommendation of the items we feel you will particularly enjoy.  You may control whether your computer will accept cookies with the preference setting of your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you may still visit and shop at our site. The only drawback is that some of the experience-enhancing features listed above will not be active.
LOG FILES
Logs are the information created and stored by the server and include such data as a visitor's IP (internet protocol) address, browser type, ISP (internet service provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, and date/time stamp. This information is used to analyze macro traffic trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. None of the information collected in this matter may be used to ascertain the personal identity of any of our visitors.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
Two Hills Tea Ltd. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We do not sell or rent this information to any third party. The only two companies with whom some information is shared are UPS and Verisign.
We use Canada Post to ship orders, and PayPal to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
CHOICE/OPT OUT
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving our periodic announcements of sales, promotions and newsletter publication. This may be accomplished with a visit to your account page. We will happily assist you in this task. Simply drop us a note at through the Contact Us form.
If you have any questions about the security at our site, please send an email to info@twohillstea.com. We will be happy to answer your questions.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will promptly post those changes on this page.