http://www.woodenwinebox.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Order by phone: 01892 782 823
My Account
Orders
Compare list
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign in | Register
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Remember me
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Christmas 2020
Single Bottles
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Menu
Christmas 2020
Single Bottles
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Categories
Christmas 2020
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Single Bottles
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Home Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Use by you of the website operated by Wooden Wine Box Company at www.woodenwinebox.co.uk
is conditional upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions set
out below, including our Privacy Statement. All references to “our,”
“us,” “we” or “company” within this policy are deemed to refer to Wooden
Wine Box Company. No other terms and conditions shall apply in respect
of the purchase of such Wine unless expressly accepted in writing by
Wooden Wine Box Company.
1. AVAILABILITY: All products are sold subject to
availability. If for any reason we are unable to complete your order, we
will notify you as soon as possible. Wooden Wine Box Company reserves
the right to substitute wines of an equal or higher value
2. PRICES: The prices shown are per bottle inclusive of VAT
unless otherwise stated and are perforce subject to currency and market
changes and alterations in duty and VAT. Goods will be invoiced at the
prices current at the date of delivery. All orders are subject to final
confirmation and can only be cancelled before the products have been
dispatched from Wooden Wine Box Company. The prices payable for the
products that you order are clearly set out in the web site. Wooden Wine
Box Company (www.woodenwinebox.co.uk)
reserves the right to amend price and availability information without
notice. If, by mistake, we have under-priced an item, we will not be
liable to supply that item to you at the stated price, provided that we
alert you before we ship the item concerned. The price of the items does
not include the Delivery Charge which will be charged at the rates
applicable at the date you place your order. There is NO minimum
purchase. Our price list is in UK pounds Sterling. All prices include VAT at the current rate.
3. PAYMENT: Once
you have placed an order with us, you will receive an order
acknowledgement email setting out the products you have ordered. This
acknowledgement email is not an acceptance of your order by Wooden Wine
Box Company. Your order will have only been accepted and the contract
between you and Wooden Wine Box Company will have been created once the
products have been shipped to you All goods must be paid for in
full before delivery will be made. You can pay for products purchased
from The Secret Cellar by using any of the following cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Visa Delta, Visa Electron, Maestro/Switch and Solo. If
paying by cheque, please allow 5 working days for this to clear before
delivery can be made. Cheques will only be accepted with a valid cheque
guarantee card number written on the reverse, along with the expiry date
and issue number
4. RISK AND PROPERTY: The property in all goods delivered by
the seller shall remain the property of the seller until the seller has
received in cash or cleared fund payment in full for such goods, but the
risk in such goods shall pass to the buyer upon delivery. All products
on this web site are offered subject to availability and remain the
property of Wooden Wine Box Company until payment is received in full
5. CANCELLATION: You may cancel your order for any reason
whatsoever within 7 working days of receipt of goods provided ALL OF THE
BOTTLES ARE UNOPENED AND INTACT. A refund excluding return postage and
packaging will be given within 30 days from the date you notify us of
the cancellation. In order to cancel your order you must notify us in
writing to the Manager, Wooden Wine Box Company, 43-45 Church Road,
Tunbridge Wells, Kent TN1 1JT
6. VINTAGE AND AVAILABILITY: We will always try to ensure that
wines are of the vintages quoted on our list, however if one vintage
becomes exhausted, the next available vintage will replace it. If this
policy is objectionable, please let us know and we will try to make
alternative arrangements to suit you.
Please be reminded that
some of the pictures of wine labels show previous vintages that are no
longer available. The vintages given in the text descriptions of wines
are checked and updated regularly. Please bring any discrepancies to our
attention by email.
If a particular product that is ordered is
out of stock, you will be advised as to when the goods are likely to be
dispatched. An alternative product may be offered and we will confirm
details before dispatching. Occasionally with mixed cases of wine, we
will substitute one wine for another of similar quality. However, if you
ever have cause to disagree with our selections on these rare
occasions, please contact us [email link to us] so we can give you a
credit for any of the bottles we have switched
7. DELIVERY: Wooden Wine Box Company uses a reliable courier
service and offers a next working day delivery (Monday-Friday) service,
if required. All next working day orders must be received by 2.30 pm so
that we can process them for delivery for the following dayWhilst every
effort is made to meet next day delivery requests, on occasions the
couriers fail to meet this service, sometimes due to remote area
deliveries or where addresses are unable to be found. Please note that
orders cannot be left unless the carrier can obtain a signature or we
have detailed instructions of where the consignment can be left (please
use the "special delivery instructions" box). If unable to deliver, the
carrier will leave a card with a phone number so another delivery day
can be arranged
We cannot be held responsible for incorrect
delivery information provided by customers. If an address or post code
is wrong and we have to redirect the parcel to an alternative address,
there is a £10 redirection charge applicable (this will be charged to
your credit card).
Please see our full list of delivery charges and
conditions.
8 . BREAKAGES & SHORTAGES: If there are breakages w e will
refund the cost of the broken bottles to your credit card or send
replacement bottles. We will refund any item that is received broken.
PLEASE BE CERTAIN TO CHECK THE NUMBER OF PARCELS YOU ARE SIGNING FOR -
WE CANNOT REPLACE WINES THAT HAVE BEEN SIGNED FOR BUT NOT ACTUALLY
RECEIVED. Each consignment of goods should be carefully checked upon
delivery to make sure that it is intact and in full. Claims for
breakages will only be accepted if we are notified within 24 hours of
delivery and the damaged products and their packaging are kept for
inspection. The courier must be informed of breakages or shortages at
the time of delivery. We will not accept any claims for breakages or
shortages unless they are stated on the courier’s documentation.
Important Notice: Upon Delivery Although the courier should advise us if
there are any breakages, it's still very important that you let us know
as soon as possible of any stock damage once received so we can
investigate with the delivery operator and source replacement wine for
you. As you can appreciate to prevent fraudulent damage claims we need
to be made aware of damage immediately, thus we must be notified via
e-mail or phone within 24 hrs
9. RETURNS: When a wine is corked or faulty we will gladly
offer a replacement or credit on the return to Wooden Wine Box Company
of the bottle in question. Where a wine does not correspond to your own
personal taste one of our knowledgeable wine advisers will offer an
alternative to any returns.
For any further information please contact Customer Services at sales@woodenwinebox.co.uk or on +44 (0)1892 782823.
Wines can also be returned to us in person at our Tunbridge Wells
store. Please call the number above to arrange a convenient time.
For those unable to come in to our shop, we are still happy to accept
returns when agreed before hand though these will be subject to return
carriage fees, which are the responsibility of the person sending back
the wines.
We will provide a full refund of any products that are faulty. We may
require faulty products to be returned to us. We will arrange this as
necessary. This does not affect your statutory rights.
10. DATA PROTECTION ACT: To comply with the Data Protection
Act 1984, we are required to inform you that we have recorded your name
and address on our computer. This will not be given to third parties.
Data protection law gives you the right to access information held about
you and your right to access can be exercised in accordance with that
legislation
11. LEGAL NOTICE FOR THE UK: It is illegal for anyone under
the age of 18 years to purchase alcoholic beverages in the UK. Orders
are not accepted from persons under the age of 18 years old. By placing
an order you are making a representation that you are at least 18 years
old. We can only deliver alcohol to persons over the age of 18 in UK and
Europe. By placing an order you agree to these conditions. If the
person receiving the order is unable to produce appropriate ID,
regrettably our couriers will not be able to leave the products.
12. SPAM: Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Act
2003, we do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses
(spam). We will only send email newsletters if you have specifically
stated that you wish to be on our mailing list.
13. TRADING HOURS: Wooden Wine Box Company operates within
standard off license laws and therefore we only process orders during
the following hours:
Monday to Friday 9am - 5.00 pm
You can, of course, order outside these hours via the secure website.
Any order received outside these times will be processed in the next
time period. We will acknowledge your order via e-mail.
14. PRODUCT INFORMATION: We endeavour to advertise our
products correctly. However we cannot guarantee the accuracy of
information provided on our website about products, such as photographs,
images, and descriptions of the products. Vintage years specified for
wines and spirits may also be incorrect as we deplete the limited supply
for any vintage year. We constantly update the website with the correct
vintages, however, as and when stocks of older vintages are exhausted.
Please contact us if you spot any clangers!
15. CUSTOMER SERVICES: If you have any order-related queries, please email us at sales@woodenwinebox.co.uk.
We aim to respond to all e-mails within 24 hours.
16. STATUTORY RIGHTS: These terms and conditions do not affect
your statutory rights as a consumer. Wooden Wine Box Company, however,
assumes no liability or responsibility for any typographical or other
errors or omissions in the content of this site.
17. PRIVACY AND SECURITY : We respect your privacy. While you
are browsing the website, and during the order process we collect
information and personal data from you. We will only use this
information to process your orders. All information you provide is
strictly confidential. Please go our Privacy & Security Statement
for more information.
18. DISCLAIMER: To the fullest extent permitted at law, Wooden
Wine Box Company provides this web site and its contents on an "as is"
basis and makes no (and expressly disowns all) representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this web
site or the information, content, materials or products included in this
site including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose. Additionally, Wooden Wine Box Company
does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this
web site is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability
information is subject to change without notice. These Terms and
Conditions are governed and construed in accordance with English law and
we submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to
determine any disputes which may arise in connection with them.
My account
Sign in
Create account
The Wooden Wine Box
About us
Contact us
Corporate & Business Clients
The Secret Cellar
Cookies
Customer Service
Customer FAQs
Delivery Charges
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected
Enter your email address to receive special offers and promotions.
Email
© 2009-2015 The Wooden Wine Box Company.
Created @ Larrytech