http://www.gearbikes.com/privacy-policy
HOME(current)
BIKE STORE
BIKE STORE
BIKE SERVICING
BIKE HIRE
GREEN COMMUTE INITIATIVE
GALLERY(current)
CONTACT(current)
ONLINE BIKE RENTAL
Privacy Policy
Gear Bikes will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations 2018).
The only data we collect comes from the contact forms and rental system. If you contact us we will not use your contact details at a later time to email you, unless you have given us your consent. Our rental system collects your contact details along with the service you require. We will not use this information to contact you beyond handling your rental.
You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information that we hold will be held securely on a UK based server.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to track users but we do use them to enabled certain features of the website such as the rental and administration system.
Your Email Address
Your e-mail address will be used to communicate with you about your queries and rentals.
Data Security
This website has been designed to only hold a minimal amount of information on a secure server. We do not store passwords or banking details. All payments are handled by PayPal, their privacy policy can be found at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Analytic Tools
Google Analytics is a system used by many websites to record information about visits to their website. You can find out more about how Google use cookies at http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/
Social Media
Gear Bikes does not use any social media plugins and does not attempt to track you across social media.
International Privacy
The above privacy statement may not be applicable in all countries of Gear Bikes visitors or registered community users, as security policies may vary according to the individual Internet laws in each host country.
Disclosures
Gear Bikes does not and will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. If you have any queries about our Privacy Statement you should contact us by e-mail joe@gearbikes.com