http://www.jancraigheadcovers.com/service/terms/
Skip to main content
Design a Custom Headcover
Start Designing go
Terms of Use
Open Navigation
Help
FAQs
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Contact Us
Repairs
Shop with confidence. At Jan Craig Headcovers, we understand your concerns about online security. We maintain rigorous standards to ensure your personal information is safe when you shop at jancraigheadcovers.com.
We use encryption technology to ensure the secure transmission of any personal information you provide while using jancraigheadcovers.com. All transactions at our site are conducted using 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. You can easily determine when you're sending data securely by looking at the web address (URL) in your browser window: the first few letters will change from "http" to "https" when you are transmitting information protected by SSL encryption. The "s" in "https" stands for "secure."  Click to Verify - This site has chosen a  Symantec SSL Certificate to improve web site security
Site Transactions
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our headcovers that appear on our site. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Disclaimer
The products on the jancraigheadcovers.com are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the content on the jancraigheadcovers.com, although Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC may modify the content at any time without notice. If you are a victim of credit card fraud, the Fair Credit Act specifies that your credit card company can hold you liable for no more than $50 in fraudulent charges to your account. To benefit from this protection, you must promptly notify your credit card company of any fraudulent charges and follow the procedures for doing so as outlined in your credit card
agreement. Popular web browsers (such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, AOL Explorer and Safari) support SSL technology. To ensure you're getting the best protection available, we recommend using the latest version of your browser software and downloading security updates as they become available.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Your use of this Internet web site indicates your acceptance of our terms and conditions, which may be revised at any time by Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC. Use after any such revisions indicates your acceptance of such revised terms and conditions. If you do not accept such terms and conditions, do not use our web site.
Use of the site
You may download content displayed on the site for non-commercial, personal use only; provided, however, that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the site for public or commercial purposes, including the text and images, without our written permission. You may not alter or interfere with the content or function of this site or download any content from this site for use at any other website, including Internet auction sites. All materials on this site are copyrighted and misuse thereof may constitute violation of copyright, trademark and other laws. Jan Craig Headcovers reserves all rights to all content listed on this site.
Registration
You may be required to register and/or set up an account to use certain areas of the site. This requires that the user provide certain personal information and you may be provided, or required to choose, a password, User ID, and/or other registration information. You agree and represent that all personal information provided by you is accurate and current. You may update your information at any time. See our Privacy Policy for details regarding the collection and use of personal information.
If you register and/or set up an account on the site, you will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Registration Information. You may not authorize others to use your Registration Information. You may not sub-license, transfer, sell or assign your Registration Information and/or this Agreement to any third party. You are solely responsible for all usage or activity on your account including, but not limited to, use of the account by any person who uses your Registration Information, with or without authorization, or who has access to any computer on which your account resides or is accessible. If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (for example, in the event of a loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your Registration Information or any credit, debit or charge card number stored on the website), you must promptly change the affected Registration Information by using the appropriate update mechanism on the site.
No Warranties; Limitation of Liability.
Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC does not represent or warrant that the content of this site is accurate or that its operation will be error free or uninterrupted. Use the site at your own risk. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Jan Craig Headcovers also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any content, data, text and/or images, from the site or any linked sites. In no event shall Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC or any other party involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the site, or any of their affiliates, or the officers, directors, employees, or agents of any of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, or damages from any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use of, or your browsing in, or your links to other sites from this site.
Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise noted, products, designs, logos, titles, text, images within this site are the trademarks, service marks, copyrights or other property of Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC. All other unregistered and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by implication, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Jan Craig Intellectual Property displayed on the site without the written permission of Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC.
Unaffiliated Products and Sites
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned and operated by Jan Craig do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or site. Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC has not reviewed all material linked to the site and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.
Communications with this site
On certain areas of our site, you may be able to interact with other users or upload messages or other content, including images ("Content"). We may terminate your account and your ability to upload Content if we believe, in our sole discretion, that you have violated any of the terms in these Terms and Conditions, or any law.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane Content or any Content that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Jan Craig to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such Content.
Although we may at any time monitor or review postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, on our site, Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations or for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the site. Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this site.
You agree that you will not post Content that contains personal information about any individual, violates the privacy of any other individual or entity, or anything that you are under a contractual obligation to keep private or confidential. You agree that you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, employees of Jan Craig. You further agree that you will not misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization, nor will you post any Content that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of a third party.
The message boards, and other forums we may provide on this site are intended to allow information exchanges, and for users to express their opinions. You agree that you will not post any Content that contains business solicitation of any type, including advertising a product or service, offering a product or service for sale, or directing readers to a location for more information about a product or service. You further agree that you will not post any Content that contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of the site or another user's computer.
Any communication or material you transmit to the site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Jan Craig cannot prevent gleaning information from this site, and you may be contacted by Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this site. All content transmitted may be edited by Jan Craig, or may not be posted to this site at the sole discretion of Jan Craig and may be used by Jan Craig for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information without any compensation to the person sending or transmitting any information.
Reporting Violations Of These Terms And Conditions
If you believe that Content was posted in violation of these Terms and Conditions, please notify us via email at info@jancraigheadcovers.com. We may, but typically will not, acknowledge receipt of your complaint. You agree that we cannot and will not act as arbiter of disputes arising from third party communications or transmission to the site, but will take only such action as we believe are appropriate in our sole discretion. If you are a copyright owner and you believe your rights have been violated by Content uploaded to this site, please follow our Proprietary Rights Complaint Process below.
User Generated Content License Agreement
Any Content you submit on this website containing artwork, audio recordings, copy, ideas, images, music, photography, text, video recordings, written materials and/or other materials ("Submission") is governed by these terms.
You hereby grant to Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license to use and exploit the Submission, including, without limitation, the title(s) and each and every element of the Submission, in whole or in part, in any and all manner and media throughout the world. You hereby acknowledge and agree that:
(1) Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC shall have the right to edit, alter or arrange the Submission in any way it desires in its sole discretion; (2) Jan Craig shall not have any obligation to provide you with any credit when using your Submission; and (3) you waive any "moral rights" that you may have in the Submission. You understand that Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC  will be acting in reliance upon your grant of rights, representations, warranties and indemnities in this Agreement and may incur substantial expense in reliance upon this grant of rights, representations, warranties and indemnities should Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC use your Submission.
United States Governing Law
This Site was developed in the United States of America in accordance with and shall be governed by, and your browsing in and use of the site shall be deemed acceptance of, the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of America, without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute in connection to your use of this site shall be heard only in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of Illinois. By using this site, you consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. If any of the terms and conditions stated herein are found to be unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, that provision will be severable from the rest of these terms and conditions and shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions. This legal notice states the entire agreement between us with respect to your use of the Site, which agreement may only be amended in a writing signed by an authorized officer of Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC.
©2014 Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC.
This copyright notice applies to all proprietary pages, images, text, programs, and other content available throughout this site.
Close