https://www.stencilsearch.com/privacy/
Home
Stencil Search Engine
Blog
Ideas & Inspiration
Techniques
Stenciled Furniture
Stenciled Fabric
Stenciled Walls
Stencil Crafts
Stencils
Artists
Stencil Designers
Resources
Stencil Designers & Companies
Find An Artist
Stencil Designs by Style
Links
Find Stencils
Featured Artists
Stencil Designers
Tips & Tricks
Ideas & Inspiration
Stenciled Fabric
Stenciled Furniture
Stenciled Walls
Stenciled Ceilings
Stenciled Floors
Stencil Crafts
Outdoor Projects
Techniques
Home » Privacy PolicyInformation that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the visitor’s experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in the e-mail that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Ads
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Subscribe / Connect
EmailFacebookPinterestRSSTwitter
Find Stencils
Search This Site
Popular
Subscribe to StencilTalk Blog via email
Recently Pinned
Natural Accents Stencils Website Closing
About
Contact
Advertise
Artist Registration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Disclosure
Web Design
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
This site uses cookies to give you the best experience. By clicking Accept, you consent to the use of cookies.Accept