http://www.leathersmithdesigns.com/privacy-statement/
Home
More Info
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
At www.leathersmithdesigns.com, we know that your online privacy and security is as important to you as the leather products, quality craftsmanship, prices, and customer service we provide. We posted this privacy policy to answer your privacy related questions, and to demonstrate our adherence to the privacy practices commonly found at the most reputable and consumer credited online companies. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
Orders placed on our site are encrypted using SSL technology, the industry-standard authentication and encryption technology, to ensure your transactions are protected and kept secure while being transmitted via the internet. You can verify this online security during checkout by looking for a closed lock icon on your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only our employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Please note that e-mail and e-mail forms are not encrypted, and therefore NOT a secure means of transmitting credit card information. We NEVER request sensitive information by e-mail. Should you need to provide credit card information to us other than through our secure online check out, please phone us directly.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
While shopping on the leathersmithdesigns.com web site, we ask you to provide information using online forms. We use this information to process your order, contact you regarding your order, or to answer any questions/concerns you might have expressed. We will not sell or rent any of your personal information to any outside parties. When you purchase something from us, your credit card information, phone number, name, billing address and the order dollar amount is sent to your credit card company for authorization and approval as well as through PayPal which processes your credit card or PayPal transaction. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to shippers such as USPS and Canada Post to deliver your package. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We only use permission based opt-in email to send our occasional e-mail newsletter about news, updates and specials. If you have not opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. This opt-in email service is managed for us by Constant Contact. Your name and email for this permission based opt-in e-mail newsletter is maintained on their server and your information is not sold or rented. They are not allowed to use personal information except for the purpose of providing this service. We use their service to reduce spam on the internet.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
If you would no longer like to receive our e-mail newsletter, there is an opt out unsubscribe link on every email newsletter. There is also an update link on each e-mail newsletter should you need to update your name or e-mail address.
If you sign in as a member on our shopping cart, you can update your member information (name, address, phone number and address) by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website. The member data allows you to save time by signing in with your password without having to retype your shipping and contact info should you be placing a future order. If you sign in with your password to process a future order, you can also update the info at that point as well yourself. By contacting us, we can:
1. Let you know what data we have about you, if any. 2. Change/correct certain data we have about you. 3. Have us delete certain data we have about you. 4. Ask any questions you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site for the main purpose to enable shopping through our shopping cart. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Contact Us
If you have questons about our privacy statement, you can contact us by telephone at 1-800-845-1829 or 902-434-9721 or by our e-mail sales@leathersmithdesigns.com
Thank you for shopping at LeathersmithDesigns.com for your custom leather products and leather craft supplies.
×
OK
Keep In Touch
Sign Up to Get the Latest Tutorials, Tips and Promos.
Email Address