http://www.nissanextendedwarranty.com/terms.html
VADEN NISSAN EXTENDED SERVICE CONTRACTS
VIEW SERVICE CHOICES >
866.383.3683
CALL FOR LIVE HELP
REQUEST A QUOTE
Get an
INSTANT QUOTE
Purchase with confidence backed by Nissan.
YEAR --- Select a Year ---2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
MAKE --- Select a Make ---
MODEL --- Select a Model ---
STATE --- Select a State --- Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
D.C.
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Washington D.C.
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
HOME
COVERAGES
COVERAGE ELIGIBILITY
COVERAGE CHART
WARRANTY RESOURCES
BENEFITS
FAQ
www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com Terms
AGREEMENT OF TERMS OF USE
THIS AGREEMENT OF TERMS OF USE (this "Agreement") is made as of this day, by and between Vaden Nissan
, and their subsidiaries and affiliates ("the Companies") and you. This Agreement sets forth the terms and
conditions that apply to your access and use of the Internet website owned by the Companies, located at the
URL www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
APPLICABILITY OF AGREEMENT
This Agreement is intended to apply to the Companies, and the website www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS AND USE www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com
The right to access and use www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com is personal to you or your company and is not transferable by you to any
other person or entity. You are only entitled to access and use www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com for lawful purposes and pursuant to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By accessing and using www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com (other than to read this Agreement),
you agree to comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any changes or revisions to
this Agreement, which the Companies, in its sole discretion, may make in the future. Any action by you that, as
determined by the Companies, in its sole discretion, restricts, inhibits or prevents you or any other user from
accessing, using or enjoying www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com shall not be permitted, and may result in your loss of the right to
access and use www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Images of people or places displayed on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com are either the property of, or used with permission by, the
Companies. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically
permitted by this Agreement or specific permission provided elsewhere on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com. Any unauthorized use of
the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications
regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com, including,
without limitation, the names Vaden Nissan; One Common Drive, LLC.; Nissan, Nissan Extended Services North America, Inc; Nissan Extended Services North America, G.P. and any
respective logos are registered and unregistered Trademarks of the Companies or their rightful owners. Nothing
contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license
or right to use any Trademark displayed on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com without the written permission of the Companies or
such third party owners of the Trademarks. Any use of third party Trademarks on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com is done either
by permission of the Trademarks' owners, or as part of a "News" story or feature and subject to the Fair Use
provisions of international, Federal, and State intellectual property laws. No special association or relationship
is intended by such use, and its use should not be construed as granting the Companies any official status with any
third party, unless otherwise noted. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com, or any other content
on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com, except as provided in this Agreement, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the
Companies will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including
the seeking of criminal prosecution.
The data and content contained on or downloaded from www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com (collectively, the "Content") are copyrighted
by the Companies, which also owns a copyright of a collective work in the selection, coordination, arrangement and
enhancement of the Content.
Without the prior written consent of the Companies, you may only print, download or otherwise use the Content
in the form of: (i) one machine-readable copy and (ii) one print copy, for your personal, non-commercial use;
provided, however, that you shall not delete any proprietary notices or materials with regard to the foregoing
manifestations of Content.
Except as otherwise permitted under the copyright laws of the United States, no other copying, distribution,
redistribution, transmission, publication or use other than personal, non-commercial use of the Content is
permitted without the express prior written permission of the Companies or their licensors.
You agree that printing, downloading or otherwise using the Content in accordance with this Agreement does not
entitle you to any ownership or intellectual property rights in the Content.
You shall be solely responsible for any damage resulting from your infringement of the Companies' intellectual
property, or any other harm incurred by the Companies as a direct or indirect result of your copying, distributing,
redistributing, transmitting, publication or use for purposes other than personal, non-commercial use of the
Trademarks or the Content that is contrary to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING CONTENT
THE CONTENT IS BEING PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. THE COMPANIES DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES
OR GUARANTEES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT, NOR THE SAFETY,
RELIABILITY, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, CONFORMITY OR FITNESS OR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE CONTENT.
THE COMPANIES MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE THAT ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOADING FROM www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com
IS FREE OF INFECTION FROM ANY VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, TRAP DOORS, BACK DOORS, EASTER EGGS, TIME BOMBS,
CANCELBOTS OR OTHER CODE OR COMPUTER PROGRAMMING ROUTINES THAT CONTAIN CONTAMINATING OR DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES
OR THAT ARE INTENDED TO DAMAGE, DETRIMENTALLY INTERFERE WITH, SURREPTITIOUSLY INTERCEPT OR EXPROPRIATE ANY
SYSTEM, DATA OR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY
OPINIONS, ADVICE, STATEMENTS, SERVICES, PERKS, OFFERS OR OTHER INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com may contain links to third party Internet websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not
under the control of the Companies and the Companies are not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site,
including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site.
The Companies are not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site,
nor are the Companies responsible if the Linked Site is not working appropriately. The Companies are providing
these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the
Companies of the Linked Site or any association with its operators. You are responsible for viewing and abiding
by the privacy statements and terms of use posted at the Linked Sites.
LINKS ADDED TO THE SITES
www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com may allow you to add links or execute programs from within the websites ("Added Links"). Added
Links are not under the control of the Companies and the Companies are not responsible for the contents,
performance, or resulting operation of any Added Links, including without limitation any link contained in
Added Links, or any changes or updates to Added Links. The Companies are providing this option to you only
as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Companies of the Added
Links or any association with it operations. Added Links could produce unfavorable results, including but
not limited to, damage to equipment and or data. You are solely responsible for any results that might
occur from adding Added Links and you hereby agree to indemnify the Companies from any and all action that
might occurred from using Added Links.
EQUIPMENT AND RELATED COSTS
You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer hardware and other equipment needed
to access and use www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com, and all costs and fees associated with Internet access or long distance charges
incurred with regard to your access and use of www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT
You may terminate or opt out of this Agreement at any time by contacting Vaden Nissan at
PHONE_PRIMARY. Termination or opting out of this Agreement by you shall result in your loss of the right to
access and use www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
The Companies may terminate this Agreement at any time, without prior notice, for any reason, or for no
reason, which the Companies shall have no obligation to disclose to you.
LIMITATIONS ON THE COMPANIES' LIABILITY
The Companies shall in no event be responsible or liable to you or any third party, whether in contract,
warranty, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential
damages, including, but not limited to, damages for any loss of profit, revenue or business, as a result of:
your access and use of www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com;
your downloading of any Content for your personal, non-commercial use;
your downloading of any Content as may be permitted by the Companies' prior written permission regarding the same;
your reliance or use of Content displayed, offered, promoted or advertised on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com; or
your use of links either supplied by the Companies or added by you.
INDEMNIFICATION
You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Companies and each of its respective officers, directors,
shareholders, employees, independent contractors, agents, and representatives from and against all claims and
expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of, or attributable to: (i) any breach or violation of this
Agreement by you; and (ii) any access or use of www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
This Agreement is for the benefit of the Companies and third party licensors, each of which shall have the right
to enforce and assert the terms and conditions of this Agreement directly against you on their behalf.
AMENDMENTS
The Companies reserves the right to amend this Agreement at any time in its sole discretion and without notice.
Changes, revisions or deletions with regard to this Agreement shall be effective immediately upon their inclusion in,
or deletion from, this Agreement and the posting of the same in this Agreement on www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com.
You are encouraged to revisit this Agreement from time to time in order to review any changes that have been made.
Your continued access and use of www.vadennissanservicecontracts.com following the posting of any such changes shall automatically be deemed
your acceptance of the same.
REMEDIES
You acknowledge that the Companies may be irreparably damaged if this Agreement is not specifically enforced, and
damages at law would be an inadequate remedy. Therefore, in the event of a breach or threatened breach of any provision
of this Agreement by you, the Companies shall be entitled, in addition to all rights and remedies, to an injunction
restraining such breach or threatened breach, without being required to show any actual damage or to post an injunction
bond, and/or to a decree for specific performance of the provisions of this Agreement.
For purposes of this Section, you agree that any action or proceeding with regard to such injunction restraining such
breach or threatened breach shall be brought in the courts of record of Chatham County, Georgia, or the United States
District Court of Georgia. You consent to the jurisdiction of such court and waive any objection to the setting of the
venue of any such action or proceeding in such court. You agree that service of any court paper may be effected on such
party by mail or in such other manner as may be provided under applicable laws, rules of procedure or local rules.
MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement is to be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Georgia, without
regard for principles of conflicts of laws.
If any portion of this Agreement is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction,
this Agreement as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this
Agreement that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Agreement.
The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of
this Agreement, and shall not limit or otherwise affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Agreement, as may be amended by the Companies
from time to time, shall survive your acceptance of this Agreement.
Vaden Nissan appreciates your business.
This website is independently owned by Vaden Nissan and is not affiliated, endorsed, or sponsored by Nissan North America, Inc. or Nissan Extended Services North America.
Consumers often search for "Nissan Extended Warranty" however
they are most likely searching for a Extended Service Contract. This website is intended soley for the purpose
of providing general information with respect to Nissan extended service contracts and factory warranty information.
You must refer to the actual vehicle service contract to obtain specific information about definitions; terms and conditions; coverages;
benefits; claim instructions; exclusions; and special state requirements.
Read important information regarding
your vehicle inspection requirement.
See our Privacy Policy
and Terms.