https://www.perfectpieces.co.uk/privacy.php
Established Online Since 2003
View Basket
Home
View ALL Stock
Blog
Collectors Guide
Contact
Pieces Under £25
Pieces £25-£50
Pieces £51-£150
Pieces £151-£250
Pieces Over £250
***** Merry Christmas ***** From PerfectPieces.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://www.perfectpieces.co.uk
This website is operated by Perfect Pieces. Please contact us at enquiries@perfectpieces.co.uk if you have any questions or queries about our privacy statement or trading procedures.
Your privacy is extremely important to us. To help you understand our online information practices we have made this page available from every single page of this website.
What personal data we collect, why we collect it, and how we share it
Cookies
This site uses cookies. A cookie is a small tiny text file stored on the device you use to access this website.
Please see our cookie policy for information about the cookies used on this website and advice about how you can disable or delete cookies.
Email
We use your name and your return email address to answer the email you send us. We may save emails we have received from you in order to maintain a record of our correspondence.
We will not use your email address for any other purpose except to reply to your email. We will not share your name, email address or other data you send us by email with any other parties unless required to do so by law enforcement agencies.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor's IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Spam monitoring service: We use a service provided by Automattic called Akismet to filter comments for junk or spam messages. We share details of comments including your IP address and comment text with Akismet for the purpose of detecting spam comments.
To find out more about Automattic's privacy policy visit: https://automattic.com/privacy/. To find out about Automattic's usage of cookies visit: https://automattic.com/cookies/.
PaymentsWe use PayPal to process online payments from customers and advertisers. This requires us to share some of your personal data with PayPal. To learn more about PayPal's privacy policy, click here.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Analytics
Google Analytics: We use the Google Analytics service to provide information about how the website is used by visitors. This is a third-party service operated by Google. We share personal data including IP addresses and information about your device and browser software with Google, as well as information about which pages you visit.
For details of Google Analytics' privacy policy visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We use a product called Exactmetrics Google Analytics Dashboard for WP to gather usage data such as that described above and share it with Google Analytics. For more information on Exactmetrics' privacy policy visit: https://exactmetrics.com/privacy-policy/
Social Media
AddToAny: We use a product called AddToAny to allow you to share pages from our website through your social media accounts. We share information with AddToAny about what is being shared and by whom. This may include your IP address and details of your social media IDs.For information about the AddToAny Privacy policy, visit: https://www.addtoany.com/privacy
Advertisers
We display paid advertising in some parts of the site. To fulfil our contractual obligations we collect limited personal data about the advertiser, typically including contact name, email address, telephone number, website address and business address.
We do not use this data for any other purposes and will not share it with any other organisation, except if required to do so by any applicable law or valid legal process.
Customer data
To fulfil our contractual obligations to customers who purchase an item from the site, we collect limited personal data. Typically this includes name, telephone, email and address.
We do not use this data for any other purposes and will not share it with any other organisation, except if required to do so by any applicable law or valid legal process.
We store this information until seven years after the transaction is completed, as part of our tax records. Customer data is deleted after this time.
Backup & Security
We use a backup service to store the data from this site remotely. This includes user comments and metadata such as names, email addresses from comments and IP addresses.
We use a security service to help protect the website from 'hacking' and other malicious activity. We share information such as user IP addresses and locations in order to maximise the protection provided by this service.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Examples of embedded data include (but are not limited to) YouTube videos.
Third-party partners (e.g. advertising)
This website contains advertising and links to various companies with which this website is affiliated. We may be paid a fee or commission for sales generated via such links.
For example, this website is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.á.r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk.
Some advertisers will place third-party cookies on your device to gather information about your usage of the website and track your visit to their website. For more information on the data collected in this way, see our cookie policy.
We may also share non-identifying and aggregate information with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of people visited a certain area on our website each month. We do not share any personal data about each user.
Legal requests
We may share your information if required to do so by any applicable law or valid legal process. For example, we may be required to share information in response to a request from a government agency or a court order.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment on an article, the comment and its metadata are retained for the life of the article. This is so our readers can see other readers' comments on the article. This also enables us to recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. This information is stored for as long as the user remains registered on our website.
Emails sent directly relating to advertising sales or any other form of transaction will be kept for seven years. This is to enable us to fulfil our contract with you and satisfy record-keeping requirements for tax purposes.
Other emails will be kept for a maximum of three years unless we believe there is a compelling legal reason or legitimate business need for us to retain it longer.
We store information relating to advertising sales until seven years after the advertising contract has ended, as part of our tax records. All advertiser data is deleted after this time.
Where we send your data: non-EU partners
Some of the services we use to help run this website are located outside the EU, mostly in the USA.
Where necessary we have Data Processing Agreements in place with non-EU third-party data processors. These require third parties to handle your data in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
How we keep your data secure
All data entered into our website is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology before being sent over the internet to our web servers.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you would like us to delete all the personal data we hold about you, you can request this.
To request an export of your personal data or data deletion, contact us at enquiries@perfectpieces.co.uk.
More information
If you have any queries about our privacy policy, please contact us at enquiries@perfectpieces.co.uk.
Current StockPenDelfinPenDelfin RabbitsPenDelfin StandsPenDelfin Family CirclePenDelfin Books & BrochuresTrains & ModelsOther PotteryTroika Pottery
BOOKS
VIEW ALL STOCK
"I had intended it for a Christmas gift but it is too nice to give away. Thank you for your swift attention & speedy delivery." P. Murphy
You do NOT need to join Paypal to buy!
"A lovely item, just as described and very well packed with quick delivery. Couldn't be happier!" P. Horton
Pottery Books
Please Note: If you buy something from Amazon after clicking on any of the Amazon links on PerfectPieces.co.uk, we will receive a small referral fee.
Read our NEWSLETTER
Return To Home Page
About
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Links
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Perfect Pieces
Web Copywriting by rolandhead.com