http://www.tcawireless.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Instant Quote
About
Device Repairs
iPhone
iPad
Samsung
LG
Google Pixel
Apple Watch
MacBook
Microsoft
Shop
Phones on Sale
Phone Cases
iPhone X cases
Wifi Rental
Prepaid Plans
Accessories
Win an iPhone
Testimonials
Blog
Contact Us
Hawaii’s Leading Phone Repair Shop
We understand the importance of keeping you connected to your family, friends and business. That’s why, if you have a problem with your mobile phone or device, you can trust us to get you back on track as soon as possible.We can repair your mobile phone or device quickly and affordably. We specialize in screen replacements, battery and charging port issues and much more for most makes and models.
Privacy Policy
TCA Wireless is registered at 801 Kaheka Street, Honolulu, Hawaii (HI), 96814.
This page informs you of TCA Wireless’ policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the website. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the TCA Wireless website. By using the TCA Wireless website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address and telephone number ("Personal Information").
LOG DATA
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This log data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of the TCA Wireless website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this information. The Log Data does not include any personal data information.
COMMUNICATIONS
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that we think may be of interest to you.
COOKIES
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the TCA Wireless website.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
You may contact us if you have any questions:
Email: tcawireless808@gmail.com Telephone: 808-202-2763 In writing: 801 Kaheka Street, Honolulu, Hawaii (HI), 96814
Be The First To Receive All The Latest
News, Blogs & Special Offers
Are you a complete gadget freak and love to keep up-to-date with all the latest models, or do you love to hear about the latest special offers and deals?
Subscribe to our mailing list to be the first to receive all the latest news, offers and blog posts, so you don’t ever miss out!
Our Happy
Customers
You don’t have to take our word for it
- we have had thousands of reviews from our many happy customers over the years.
Take a look at some of the reviews here or visit Google Reviews and Yelp to read many more verified reviews.
We’d love you to be one of our very happy customers too - visit us today for all your phone and device sales or repair needs.
Went down to TCA Wireless to fix my cracked screen on my iPhone 4. TJ hooked me up with a great deal and fixed my phone faster then he quoted! Excellent service from TCA kaheka! I will be referring all my friends here.
Craig - KAHEKA
Thanks for the service, and the new phones. Thank you Ryan, god bless you and have a great day.
Deb - KAHEKA
Needed a screen saver and Peter was very helpful providing information regarding my screensaver and also applied it on my phone. It took 5 minutes to get it done. Thanks.
Suzie -PEARL
View all
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh