http://www.mayaswimwear.com/pages/privacy-policy
My Cart
Close
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Maya Swimwear Corp. is committed to protecting the privacy of our customer's personal information. This statement applies with respect to the information that Maya collects from the Maya Swimwear Website, located at www.mayaswimwear.com Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe. Your continued use of this site following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
Information collected
Maya collects non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings or most-recently visited URL. Maya does not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, filling out a survey or registration form. The types of information that may be requested include your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
Use of information
The information you give us stays at Maya. We maintain strict security over the information you give us and use it only in the following ways: 1. To send you information you request and to update you on the status of that request. 2. To monitor the traffic on our site to help us design the best, most efficient site we can. 3. To occasionally send you free promotional materials. We maintain your information in-house at Maya . If you want to remove your information from our database email us at info@mayaswimwear.com
Your consent
By using our website and giving us your information, you agree that we may collect and use this information. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our site. Compliance with the children’s online privacy protection (COPPA) Maya Swimwear Corp., does not knowingly collect the personal information of persons under the age of 18. If Maya Swimwear learns of any personal information collected of persons under the age of 18, it will immediately be deleted.
Cookies
4. Maya currently requires the use of cookies to make your shopping experience more efficient and pleasant through personalization. Cookies are small files that are stored on your PC and that identify you to our site. The default setting on most browsers is to accept cookies automatically; however, your browser may have been configured to not accept cookies. In order to shop or register on mayaswimwear.com, you must be able to accept cookies. If you cannot enable cookies (or choose not to), please call 1-888-865-9299 or mail us at info@mayaswimwear.com to place your order or to get additional assistance.
Other Sites
This site may contain links to other websites. Maya Swimwear Corp., is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Maya Swimwear Corp.1331 Brickell Bay Dr.Suite 3909Miami, FL 33131
Ph. 1-888-865-9299info@mayaswimwear.com
Hello You!
Join our mailing list
NEW ARRIVALS
SHOP
ALL SWIM
Tops
Bottoms
One Piece
Sets
UNLIMITED
Women Swim
Girls Swim
Boys Swim
The Linen
Coverups
Handbags
Jewelry
Cocktail & Fun
SCRUNCH KINIS
Original
Less Coverage
T-Side
T-Side Less C.
Boyshorts
High Waist
TOPS
Bandeau
Bralette
D Cup
Halter
High Neck
Triangle
BOTTOMS
Brazilian
Boyshort
High Waist
Moderate
Palermo
Reversible
Side Detail
Thong
Tie-Side
SETS
CELEBRITY
MAYALOVE
GIFT CARD
UNLIMITED
Women Swim
Kids Swim
Girls Swim
Boys Swim
The Linen
Coverups
Handbags
Jewelry
Cocktail & Fun
CELEBRITY
SALE
COLLECTIONS
INSTAGRAM
BLOG
TOP
Type your message here