http://www.driveinautosound.com/online-policies/
Home
Online Policies
Online Policies
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.driveinautosound.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing  We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You will receive no more than 6 email a month. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Your Access to and Control Over Information  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security  We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders  We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies  We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links  This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests  From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Shipping & HandlingOrders placed before 2pm Monday - Friday (excluding Holidays) will ship same day. Orders placed after 2pm will ship on the next business day. Shipping transit time is 1-5 business days.
Tax CollectionDrive-In Autosound collects tax on all orders shipped to Colorado addresses.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 719.573.5847 or via email info@driveinautosound.com.
×
Professional InstallSee Rates
"This is the Place to Go.
I have now had 3 different cars windows tinted here.
Super job, great price, fast service, and even gave me a discount for using them so much.
Highly recommend here AAA+++"
"I went to Drive-In to get my windows tinted, and I couldn't be happier. Their product is far superior to their competitors"
"I have been a customer of this Drive In Auto Sound for over seven years now, and it's time to say I've been extremely pleased with the service I have received at this store. "
"This place is great. I bought a remote start for my son and they installed the system.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable."
"Love my remote start. Great price and quick professional installation!"
Free shipping*on select items over $50
Sign Up For Weekly Savings!
Join our newsletter for exclusive savings.
Email Address
Quick Links
Affiliate Program
Financing & Leasing
Installation Rates
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Store Locations
Services
Installation Gallery
Employment
Shop Our Specials
Return Policies
Sitemap
Categories
Alpine Store
Car Audio, Video & GPS
Convenience & Safety
Remote Start & Security
Window Tint & Clear Bra
Truck & Jeep Accessories
Powersports
ATV-UTV Audio
Marine Audio
Motorcycle Audio
Car Accessories
Locations
Motor City
719.634.0828
165 West Motor Way
Colorado Springs, CO 80905
Powers & Barnes
Phone:719.597.8700
Location:4335 Integrity Center Point
Colorado Springs, CO 80917
Chapel Hills
Phone:719.548.8980
Location:1749 Briargate Blvd
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Pueblo
Phone:719.544.7722
Location:1404 HWY 50 West
Pueblo, CO 81008
© 2020 Drive-In Autosound
| Privacy Policy | Online Policy