http://www.rcplanet.com/help-center/
Free Shipping On Orders over $99*
Earn Rewards Points
1.866.787.5487
Contact Us
Help Center
HELP/FAQS
Trouble Placing an Order?
RC Planet is dedicated to providing a great experience for our visitors. If you encounter difficulties while using our website please try clearing the cookies and cache in your browser. That should solve most problems but if you continue to have an issue please call 1-866-787-5487 or email us at customerservice@rcplanet.com. When you make contact it is very helpful if you can provide any or all of the following information:
what type of device you are using (android, ios, desktop computer, tablet etc.)
what browser you are using (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Explorer, etc)
a screen-shot of any error message you receive
details about the problem you have experienced
Order Status
Has my order shipped?
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen to check your orders status.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?
After an order has been submitted online you can no longer edit it through our website. Call or email us and we'll be happy to make your changes (1-866-787-5487 or sales@rcplanet.com). Please note that once an order has begun processing or has shipped, the order is no longer editable.
How do I track my order?
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen to view your history and track your order.
My order never arrived.
Please track your order to see the shipping carrier's status. If that does not answer your question please click here for more information on our lost package policy.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Check your packing slip, are any items highlighted? This means that a product was unexpectedly not available at the time of shipment. Because we want to get your order to you as quickly as possible we shipped the order and the highlighted item(s) will follow. Generally they will be delivered a few days later, but occasionally the item has gone on backorder. If that happens you will be sent an email informing you of the backorder status.
My product is missing parts.
If an item is missing any components in the package then that falls under the manufacturer's warranty. You may contact them directly or contact us for information.
When will my backorder arrive?
Backordered items will be shipped to you as soon as they become available in our warehouse. Please click here for more information on our store policy.
I received the wrong product.
If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 72 hours of receiving the product. If the error was made by us we will pay for return shipping and correct the issue without any further charge. If the error was not a fault of ours please view our returns policy for further instructions.
How do I return my product?
Please click here for more information on returning an item.
My Account
How do I create an account?
1) Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen. 2) Enter your email address to create a new account.  Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen to edit your account information.
How much is my shipping? Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the checkout page where you will be shown the available shipping options. Shipping prices are calculated by weight, dimension, and location.
I forgot my password.
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen. Under the login box you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password - Click here".
Shipping
Do you ship to my country?
Please click here for more information on our international shipping policy.
When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?
Shipping is calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered the available shipping methods and their prices. Find more information on our Shipping Information Page.
Guarantees
Low Price Guarantee
It is our commitment to provide you with the best value, at the best price. We value your business and strive to keep our prices low, and SAVE you money!
RC Planet Price Matching Policy
At RC Planet we take pride in our low prices and do constant price comparisons to make sure that we offer the industry's lowest possible prices and best overall value. If you find a lower price on a product somewhere else prior to your purchase, please call, or email us and we'll do our best to match it.
Price matching can only be done on "in stock items" and does not apply to backordered items. This offer does not apply to close-outs, out-of-stocks or prices due to typographical or other errors. We reserve the right to price match solely at our discretion.
Please send us an email or give us a call for price matching information, toll-free 1-866-787-5487.
We value your privacy. Please view our privacy policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security
Pricing & Billing
What are my payment choices?
During the checkout process you may choose any of our current payment options and continue to place your order. Please note that we will not ship your order until we receive payment. Currently we accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal.
Do I have to pay sales tax?
Utah and Illinois residents only.
I have a question on my charges.
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns please contact customer service for assistance.
I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.
Click the "My Account" link at the top right of the screen to view your order history and print a copy. You may also request an copy from our sales department.
When will my credit appear on my account?
Credits can take 7-10 business days from the time we void or refund a transaction.
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged when your order is submitted.
Buyers Guide
How do I find my product?
To find the product(s) you're looking for, you may (1) use the navigation menus on the top, left & bottom of our website; (2) type a keyword into the SEARCH box. If you know the manufacturers part number of the item you are looking for, enter the numerical portion of the part number into the search bar located at the top of our website. If you have any trouble locating a product feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I navigate the site?
To navigate this website, simply click on a category you might be interested in. Categories are located on the top, left & bottom of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You'll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a "hand." Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an "arrow." You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. The easiest way to find a product is to enter the manufacturers part number into the search box located at the top of our website. Enter the numerical portion of the part number only. To find manufacturers part numbers refer to your owners manual or the manufacturers website. If you have any trouble locating a product feel free to contact sales and customer service for assistance.
How do I use a coupon?
After adding items to your cart, click the "View Cart" link at the top of this site to view your cart. At the bottom of the shopping cart you'll see a box where you may enter your coupon code.
×
×
OK
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account