http://www.macecanada.com/pages/legal-and-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Shop
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Bear Spray
Dog Pepper Spray
Launchers and Bangers
Bear Safety Kits
Bear Safety Videos
Holsters
Noisemakers
Signal Flares
Wildlife Control Ammunition
Electric and Perimeter Bear Fences
Medical and Survival Kits
Mosquito Repellent - Thermacell
Bear Safety Training
Wholesale
Worker Safety
Blog
Contact Us
Account
Legal and Policy
LEGAL NOTICETerms of UseYour use of the kodiakcanada.com website (the "site") constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these terms. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site.Product UseThe user assumes all risks, if any, such as the risk of defect arising out of the use of, or inability to use the products.  Kodiak will not be liable for any damages including but not limited to direct, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages arising from the use of products or information on this site.All products purchased from Kodiak Wildlife Products Inc are to be used solely for legitimate wildlife management, control or outdoor safety, any other use is strictly prohibited by law. The buyer must be 21 years of age or older and is solely responsible for the safe and lawful handling, deployment and storage of such wildlife management and control products. Kodiak Wildlife Products Inc shall not be responsible for any injury or damage resulting from the use or handling of these products, whether or not they are used in accordance with the above stipulations.Our Commitment to PrivacyWith respect to your privacy. kodiakcanada.com will not disclose or sell information about you, your account, or your purchases to anyone outside of Kodiak Wildlife Products, Inc., without your prior consent. Your information will never be shared with any third party, so you can be certain any information you provide us will only be used to complete your order.  Kodiak is not responsible for Privacy practices of other sites that may be linked to this site.
External SitesThis site includes links to Internet sites owned or operated by entities other than Kodiak Wildlife Products, Inc. (the "external sites"). These may include, but are not limited to, links leading to: Sources of safety and industrial information, standards, and specifications.  Manufacturers' and vendors' websites, product information, and product specifications.  Third-party product reviews, other product-performance information and wildlife articles.  Kodiak Wildlife Products, Inc., is not responsible for the content on or accessed through, any external site, nor does Kodiak intend such site to be a referral by Kodiak or an endorsement of the entities operating such external sites.POLICYReturn PolicyRefunds or credits are for the purchase price only. Returned products will be assessed a 15% restocking fee. Shipping can only be refunded due to an error on Kodiak. All non-defective products received within the 30-day return period, must be returned 100% complete, in resalable condition, including manuals, blank warranty cards (if any) and all other accessories provided by the manufacturer. To insure proper credit, please contact us before returning an item as we will not accept returns without prior approval from a Kodiak customer care representative. If the return does not have pre-approval the product will be returned at the customer's expense.  Refunds will be issued immediately upon receiving the item according to the instructions stated above. Due to how different credit card companies handle refunds, please allow up to 45 days or two billing cycles for all refunds to be recorded to your account. If you do need to return an item please email or call us to coordinate at orders@kodiakcanada.com or 1.866.356.3425.
Conditions of Sale
It is the responsibility of the buyer, and not the seller, to ascertain, and obey, all applicable provincial, local, state and federal laws in regard to the possession, and the use of any item for sale through this site. By placing an order, the buyer represents that the products ordered will be used in a lawful manner and that he/she is of legal age to purchase and use the products.ShippingWe make every effort to ship your items as soon as possible.  Due to the nature of many of our products we are required to ship using a courier service with potential dangerous goods surcharges often resulting in higher shipping costs.  Should the shipping costs exceed the quoted amount from our website you will be contacted to either adjust the price or cancel your order.Back ordersIf an item is out of stock at the time you place your order, we will make every effort to contact you within 24 hours. Please provide your e-mail address or phone number when ordering. We will hold your order until you inform us to either continue with the shipment of items in stock or wait until all items can be shipped.
Featured Products
Professional Hard Shell Bear Safety Kit
Regular price
$155
View
NEW - Bear Necessities Holster KIT
Regular price
$75
View
Professional Soft Shell Bear Safety Kit
Regular price
$120
View
Waterproof Flare/Bear Banger Case w/ bangers, flares & launcher
Regular price
$59.75
View