https://www.justengines.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Who we are
Just Engines Online Ltd.  Registration number: 07489599. Web: https://www.justengines.co.uk
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect your contact details, name, address, phone number and email addresses and what you have bought from us in order to process your orders from us and for your and out future reference.  Our secure partners handle and process you card details in order to process the payment.  We do not store any card details.
If you choose to register on our website, we also store the personal information you provide in your user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Comments
When you leave comments on the site, we collect the data shown in the comments form, and the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.  After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.  An anonymised string created from your email address may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/.
Contact forms
If you complete the contact form, we will not retain any information unless you give us permission by ticking the box.
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on your computer, and accessible to the websites which create them.  Our website may from time to time use cookies and log files for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, to administer the site, to tailor the information presented to you based on your preferences, and to improve user experience.  Any information gathered by our use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.  Please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you disable cookies. Our website uses cookies to keep you logged in, so disabling cookies may impair your experience of the service.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits.  The data collected does not include personally identifiable information and is used, as described above, for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by your visit to our site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.  If you opt in to receive our emails then we save your name and email address on our “Send in Blue” account in order to email you securely.
Your contact information
We may pass your phone number or email address to our delivery partners expressly for them to contact you regarding your delivery.  Where you grant us specific permission, we will save your Name and email address with “send in blue” our email partner in order to keep you up to date with products offers and other news.
How we protect your data
In the event of a data breach, in accordance with our Data breach policy we would contact the relevant authorities and those directly affected by the breach.   In the event of a request from any relevant authority such as the police we would provide them with the information they are entitled to receive.
Storing Information
We store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it.
Who on our team has access?
Only members of our team have access to the information you provide us.   Our team members have access to this information to help fulfil orders, process refunds and support you as well as improving the website for you and future visitors..
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you;
We share essential information with our payment providers, Barclaycard and PayPal for the purposes of taking payment for your order.  If you give us permission, we use “Send in Blue” to store your Name and email address to send you occasional relevant marketing and news emails. We share your name and address with the Royal Mail and any other courier, we may also share your email or mobile number to send you delivery alerts.
Payments
We accept payments through Barclaycard and PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to their secure sites, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.  Please see the Barclaycard and PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Security
The internet is not a secure medium. However we take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.  We have put in place various security procedures. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to user information. We use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt information you input before it is sent to us, and our database is hosted in a secure data centre. All Credit Card information is only processed by our payment providers – Barclaycard or PayPal.   Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Your acceptance of this privacy policy
If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our site.
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. Owing to the global nature of the internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
How to contact us
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an e-mail to support@justengines.co.uk. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act. A small fee may be payable.
To find out more about your rights under the Data Protection Act, visit the Information Commissioner’s website.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Search for:
Search
Product categoriesTwo Stroke Glow Engines (19)
Four Stroke Glow Engines (23)
Petrol Two Strokes (17)
Petrol Four Strokes (5)
Marine Engines (4)
Electric Motors (6)
Engine Spares (110)
Ignition Systems (50)
Exhaust Systems (196)
Accessories (206)
Carburettors (15)
Tools (15)
Control Line (16)
Just Engines Gift Vouchers (2)
Uncategorised (0)