https://www.cheapjoes.com/terms-of-use/
Holiday Sales Event!
Shop By Brand
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Joe's Own Art Stuff!
Shop By Brand
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops!
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Fall Sales Event!
Back-To-School Sale!
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Home
Customer Service
Terms of Use & Legal Notices
Customer ServiceContact UsShipping & DeliveryReturnsOut of Stock Items & BackordersPrivacy & SecurityTerms of Use & Legal NoticesGift CardsProduct Icon KeyShopping Our WebsiteSales Tax
Terms of Use & Legal Notices
QUICK LINKS
Trademarks  Ownership  Feedback  Copyright  Establishing an Account  User Conduct  Third Party User Content  Pricing, Typographical and/or Pictorial Errors  Disclaimer of Warranties  Limitation On Liability And Indemnity  Confidentiality  Compliance with Applicable Laws
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, Inc., (dba "Cheap Joe's Art Stuff"),쟰rovides this website to you subject to the following terms of use and privacy policy.
By using the website, you are agreeing to comply with the terms of use. When using particular parts of the website such as shopping, forums, watching videos, or blogs, you agree to abide by any applicable posted guidelines for those services. Should you object to any term or condition (of the terms of use), any guidelines, any subsequent modifications, or become dissatisfied with website in any way, your only option is to immediately discontinue use of this website. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff may modify these terms of use, guidelines and privacy policy at any time, without notice. This is effective upon its posting to the website. Your continued use of the website, constitutes your acceptance to the updated terms of use, guidelines and privacy policy. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff has the right, yet is not obligated, to strictly enforce the terms of use. Which may be through self-help, community moderation, active investigation, litigation and prosecution.
Trademarks
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff trademarks displayed on this website, are trademarks (or registered trademarks) of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff and it's affiliated companies in the United States and internationally. All other trademarks are the sole property of their respective companies. All use is prohibited.
Ownership
The website is protected to the maximum extent, permitted by copyright and intellectual property rights law. Also permitted through international treaties. All content displayed on or through the website including videos, blogs, forums, product descriptions, data sheets, FAQs is owned exclusively by Cheap Joe's Art Stuff and/or its affiliated companies, suppliers and is protected by copyright or other laws. This includes as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyrights laws, and international conventions. With the exception of the limited license set forth below. Which is any reproduction, modification, display or creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the website. Any content on the website or the collective work, and/or copying is prohibited including but not limited to reproduction to any other server and location for further reproduction or redistribution. You may not decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer, or attempt to discover any source code contained in the website. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any aspect of the website.
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff grants you permission to copy such materials so long as each copy (i) is solely for your own informational, non-commercial use. Also as long as it is not modified or revised in any manner. Needs to (ii) plainly display all copyright and other proprietary notices, in the same form and manner as on the original. Lastly, it (iii) displays a statement that the materials are used solely with permission of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff.
Although Cheap Joe's Art Stuff does not claim ownership of third party content on the website. Which may be third party messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("User Content") that users post, by posting User Content to any public area of the website, you automatically grant. Also, represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Cheap Joe's Art Stuff an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license. Which is to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute said User Content. To prepare derivative works of or incorporate into other works, said User Content. To grant and authorize sub licenses (through multiple tiers) of the foregoing. Furthermore, by posting User Content to any public area of the website, you automatically grant Cheap Joe's Art Stuff all rights necessary to prohibit any subsequent aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the User Content. On the website by any party for any purpose.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel. Also any license or right under any intellectual property, patent, trademark or copyright of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff or any third party.
Feedback
Any questions, comments, suggestions, or other information submitted to Cheap Joe's Art Stuff through this website, shall be deemed non-confidential. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff shall be free to use, reproduce, disclose and distribute such information and any ideas contained therein, in any manner without limitation. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff specifically prohibits you from sending us any information, that you consider to be confidential or proprietary through this website. Please note that if you do send us any such information or material, the information will be non-confidential and fully exploit the information. Which will be without any obligation or liabilities to you.
Copyright
This website is protected under copyright law and all rights reserved except as expressly provided herein. Individual documents may contain different copyright notices and/or additional proprietary notices.
Establishing an Account
Users of all ages are welcome to browse the website, however, you may only establish an account if you are 18 years of age or over. In order to purchase products/services from the website and access/use some features on the website, you may be required to establish an account. In addition to your name and contact information, you may be required to submit a valid credit card number, billing address, and related billing information in connection with your account. When you register for an account you must (i) provide accurate and truthful information, and (ii) update such information from time to time as necessary, to keep your registration information current and accurate. By establishing an account you represent and warrant, that you have the right and are authorized to provide the information you provide when you register for the account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password. Also, for restricting access to such information and to your computer. All activities that occur under your account or password shall be your responsibility.
User Conduct
You agree not to transmit to Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, any information. Or post, email, and otherwise make available User Content that: (i) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is harmful to minors in any way; (ii) is pornographic or depicts a human being engaged in actual sexual conduct; (iii) harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability; (iv) impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Cheap Joe's Art Stuff employee or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; (v) that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent; (vi) is false, deceptive, misleading, or deceitful; (vii) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or User Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (viii) that constitutes or contains "affiliate marketing," "link referral code," "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or unsolicited commercial advertisement; (ix) constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if posted in areas of the website which is not designated for such purposes or emailed to Cheap Joe's Art Stuff users who have not indicated in writing that it is ok to contact them about other services, products or commercial interests; (x) advertises any illegal service; (xi) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (xii) disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of User Content (flooding attack) to the website, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the website; (xiii) that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of User Content transmitted through the website.
Additionally, you agree not to: (i) contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or make unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose; (ii) "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone through the website; (iii) collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes; (iv) use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the website; (v) post irrelevant User Content, repeatedly. Post the same or similar User Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable loads on our infrastructure. (vi) Post any deceptive events or (vii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to Cheap Joe's Art Stuff computer systems. Engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the website.
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff may remove any User Content at any time for any reason and Cheap Joe's Art Stuff may terminate your access to the website at any time for violation of these terms of use or any other reason.
Third Party User Content on the Website
You understand that all User Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the website, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such User Content originated. You understand that Cheap Joe's Art Stuff does not control and is not responsible for User Content, made available through the website. Also that by using the website, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff expressly disclaims any liability for such third party statements and User Content.
Furthermore, the website and User Content available through the website may contain links to other websites, which are completely independent of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such site. Your linking to any other websites is at your own risk.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any User Content. That you may not rely on said User Content and under no circumstances will Cheap Joe's Art Stuff be liable (in any way), for any User Content. Also, for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via the website. You acknowledge that Cheap Joe's Art Stuff does not pre-screen or approve User Content but that Cheap Joe's Art Stuff shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any User Content for any reason.
Your interactions with organizations, events and/or individuals (found on or through the website), are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff expressly disclaims any liability for such organizations, events or individuals.
Pricing, Typographical and/or Pictorial잾rrors
Pricing, typographical and/or pictorial errors are always subject to correction by Cheap Joe's. We proof for typos but occasionally we make mistakes. Please be patient and understanding, should you discover a mistake that we've made. These product listings, while intended as recommendations by Cheap Joe's, are subject to errors. Cheap Joe's cannot be held responsible for any errant information given by manufacturers. In which case, its always Cheap Joe's recommendation that you test each application before completing a project.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
You agree that use of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff website is entirely at your own risk. The website is provided on an "as is" or "as available" basis. This is without any warranties of any kind. All express and implied warranties, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights are expressly disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law. To the fullest extent of the law, Cheap Joe's Art Stuff disclaims any warranties for the security, reliability, timeliness, accuracy, and performance of the website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the website disclaims any warranties for other services or goods received through or advertised on the website, or accessed through any links on the website. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Cheap Joe's Art Stuff disclaims any warranties for viruses or other harmful components in connection with the website. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions some of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you, insofar as they relate to implied warranties.
LIMITATION ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY OF CHEAP JOE'S ART STUFF
Under no circumstances shall Cheap Joe's Art Stuff be liable for direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages (even if Cheap Joe's Art Stuff has been advised of the possibility of such damages). Which results from any aspect of your use of the website. Whether the damages arise from use or misuse of the website, from inability to use the website, or from the interruption, suspension, modification, alteration, or termination of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff website. This applies with respect to damages by reason of other services or products received through. Also advertised in connection with the website or any links on the website. As well as reason of any information or advice received through or advertised in connection with the website or any links on the website. These limitations shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions some of the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
You agree to indemnify and hold Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand. This includes reasonable attorney fees and court costs made by any third party due to or arising out of User Content you submit. Also post or make available through the website, your third party event, website or organization, your use of the website, your violation of the terms of use, your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein, or your violation of any rights of another.
Confidentiality
Certain areas on this website may contain Cheap Joe's Art Stuff confidential information. A valid user name and password are required to access those areas. This access is by unauthorized persons and unauthorized use or disclosure of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff confidential information and may be a violation of Cheap Joe's Art Stuff's rights and are strictly prohibited. By accessing Cheap Joe's Art Stuff confidential information, you agree to keep this information confidential. You also agree to treat this confidential information with a standard of care. Which is of at least as high a standard as that which you apply to your most confidential information. Also to only disclose it within your company, to employees with a "need to know" who are instructed. Agree not to disclose the information and not to use the information for any purpose not permitted.
Compliance with Applicable Laws; Export Control Laws
This website is operated from the United States and user access to this website is governed by all applicable federal, state and local laws. All information available on the website is subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. All Cheap Joe's Art Stuff products and publications are commercial in nature. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff does not make any representations regarding the legality of access to or use of this website. Also the information contained therein from other countries. Access in countries where the information contained herein or the products sold through this website are illegal is prohibited. Users who access this website from outside of the United States do so at their own risk. They are responsible for compliance with applicable US export and local country laws. By using this website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed, collected in the United States. Which is in compliance with the privacy policy.
Featured Brands
From Cheap Joe뭩 Art Stuff Art Blog
Tips, tricks, thoughts and inspiration from across the art spectrum.
How to Make Resin Art: It's easier than you think!
Amazing Clear Cast Resin쟧s a fun, experimental, and쟞esthetically pleasing medium that뭩 gaining popularity due to its abstract nature and its...
Read More
Free Artist Video Lessons
View our YouTube Channel for More!
Cheap Joe뭩 2 Minute Art Tips - Varnishing With Resin
Ever tried varnishing with resin? Do you like shiny and glossy things like Julie does? Check out this 2 Minute Art Tip.
View on YouTube
From Cheap Joe뭩 Art Blog
Tips, tricks, thoughts, and inspiration from across the art spectrum.The Versatility of Winsor & Newton Quinacridone Colors
Enjoy this blog post highlighting the endless color characteristics and versatility of Winsor & Newton Quinacridone Colors.
Read MoreAll Blog PostsFree Artist Video Lessons
View our YouTube Channel for More!Cheap Joe's 2 Minute Art Tips - Masks With An Upgrade
This 2 Minute Art Tip with Julie is actually a 20 Minute Art Tip which includes a full demo on how to turn your dull mask into something eye catching.
View on YouTubeMore YouTube Videos
Contact Us
info@cheapjoes.com
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff374 Industrial Park Dr.Boone, NC 28607
(888) 792-6089
Call Center Hours
M-Fri: 9am - 5pm (EST)Sat. Hours Temporarily Suspended
Store Hours Differ - Click Here
Follow Us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSite Map
 2020 Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe
* indicates required
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
Spam Check