http://www.cheapfabrics.co.uk/pages/privacy-cookies-policy
UK STANDARD DELIVERY  |  LIGHTWEIGHT ONLY £1.95  |  FLAT RATE £3.95  |  NEXT DAY DELIVERY FROM £7.99
menu
FABRICS
HABERDASHERY
SALE
NEW
COLLECTIONS
SHAWLS & WRAPS
SEWING PATTERNS
GIFT CARD
Login
Wishlist (0)
Search
0Wishlist
0
Cart
By Use
Dressmaking Fabric
Bridal Fabrics
Showtime Fabrics
Curtain Fabric
Craft Fabric
Waterproof Fabric
By Type
African Fabric
Bi-Stretch Fabric
Brocade Fabric
Calico Fabric
Canvas Fabric
Chiffon Fabric
Corduroy Fabric
Cotton Fabric
Crepe Fabric
Cross-Stitch Fabric
Denim Fabric
Drill Fabric
Faux Fur Fabric
Faux Leather / Leatherette Fabric
Faux Silk Fabric
By Type 2
Faux Suede / Suedette Fabric
Felt Fabric
Fleece Fabric
Georgette Fabric
Gingham Fabric
Hessian Fabric
Jacquard Fabric
Jersey & Modal Fabric
Jute Fabric
Lace Fabric
Lame / Metallic Fabric
Linen Fabric
Lining Fabric
Muslin Fabric
Neoprene Fabric
By Type 3
Organza Fabric
Polycotton Fabric
PVC Fabric
Quilting & Patchwork Fabric
Satin Fabric
Scuba Fabric
Silk Fabric
Stretch Fabric
Taffeta Fabric
Tartan Fabric
Tulle & Netting Fabric
Velvet Fabric
Viscose / Rayon Fabric
Voile Fabric
Velveteen Fabric
Seasonal
Halloween Fabric
Christmas Fabric
Winter Fabrics
Valentine's Day Fabric
Spring Fabric Collection
Summer Fabrics
Offers
Fabric Under £2.50 Metre
Fabric Remnants
Bulk Buys
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Haberdashery
Arts & Craft
Buttons
Cord, Bias Binding & Curtain Tape
Dressmaking
Fabric Dyes, Paints & Pens
Feathers
Hand Sewing Kits & Accessories
Hand Sewing Needles
Lingerie Accessories
Pins & Safety Pins
Repairs
Rhinestones
Haberdashery 2
Ribbons
Scissors & Fabric Cutters
Sewing Machine Needles & Accessories
Snap Fasteners
Tape Measures & Rulers
Tassels & Tassel Trims
Thread
Trimmings
Zips
Dylon Fabric Dye Pods - Machine Use
£7.24
Add colour and vitality to your wardrobe with the various colours available.
Iron-On Interfacing - 1m x 1m
Sold Out
General Purpose Elastic - 1mtr x 40mm
£2.39
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Facemask Fabrics
plain basic fabrics
Event drapery Fabric
kids corner
Stripes,spots,hearts & stars
Christmas Fabrics
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Cheapfabrics .co.uk understands the importance of the information and subsequent trust you place with us. Our dedicated team are customers themselves of other internet sites so understand and fully appreciate the importance of privacy on the Internet. We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is a part of providing a service to you – e.g. product delivery, carrying out security checks and for the purpose of customer profiling and research where we have sought you permission to do so This page will help you understand how and why we collect information from you, to whom information is disclosed and what your rights are. If we make changes to this Policy we will notify you by updating this statement on our website. No personal data is required when accessing our Website homepage to browse our site. However, when placing an order you will be asked to create a customer account and you will be asked to provide certain information about yourself.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW DO WE OBTAIN IT?
We receive information directly from you when you register with us. If you register with us you will be asked to provide certain information such as your name, address, details of your credit card (only if you are paying by credit card), telephone number and email address so that we can process and fulfil your order, notify you of your order status and inform you of special offers and promotions. How do we protect your information. A data controller has been appointed to ensure the utmost security and protection of any information you provide to us. We use secure socket layer (SSL) to encrypt data transmissions.(payment transactions only)  The security measures described above ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to protect your personal information. However, the nature of the Internet means that an absolute guarantee of security cannot be offered, and you should be aware that there may be a small security risk in exceptional circumstances when disclosing information online privacy.
CHEAPFABRICS ARE COMMITTED TO COMPLYING WITH THE DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998.
Any information requested by us will be used exclusively to provide you with the best possible service. We will not sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or personal information to any third party without your permission, but we cannot be responsible or held liable for the actions of third party sites from which you may have linked or been directed to this website. This information will not be disclosed to third parties without your prior consent. If we make changes to this Policy we will notify you by updating this statement on our website.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When registering with us you will be asked to provide information such as:
• Name, Address
• Card payment details (at payment stage via SSL)
• Email Address
• Contact Telephone Number(s)
This information is then used to process orders, manage your account and notify you of your order status and inform you about enhancements to our services such as site developments and promotions. We may contact you by mail, telephone or email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
A data controller has been appointed to ensure the utmost security and protection of any information you provide us, We use secure socket layer (SSL) to encrypt data transmissions (payment transactions only).
UPDATING OUR CUSTOMERS...
We want to keep you up to date with information about any new services, new ranges, new promotions and any further improvements to the site. If you decide you do not wish to be contacted, you can request that we stop using your information and that we stop mailing you information. Please email support@cheapfabrics.co.uk quoting Privacy and Security. Please note you may continue to receive mailings which are already on route to you while your request is being dealt with.
YOUR RIGHTS
Under the Data protection act 1998 you have a right to access the personal data that we hold about you. If you would like to see a copy, then please email our data controller here. Monitoring Communications As part of our efforts to make further improvements to the service we provide to our customers, telephone calls to and from Cheapfabrics may be recorded or monitored and used for training purposes. To protect the operation of our computer systems we monitor incoming and out going email.
IMPORTANT - PRIVACY POLICY UPDATE
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates in this webpage.  We may use technology to track patterns of behaviors of visitors to our site. This includes using a ‘cookie’ which would be stored on your browser, although you can modify your browser to stop this happening. Information collected in this way can be used.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small encrypted text files that are stored on your computer or other device by this Website. The Website uses cookies to collect information about you. We use cookies on our website (which are small text files which allows our website to "remember" who you are).
WHAT DO YOU USE COOKIES FOR?
We use cookies for the following reasons;
• For marketing purposes for example, to display personalised banner
• To identify you as you travel around our site and to monitor your journey and record sales. This enables us to identify issues and improve our customer journey.
• To provide site usage information, which together with purchase information, will further help us improve and develop the products and services we offer.
• To ensure that items are placed into your Shopping Basket and your order is processed correctly. For marketing purposes for example, to display personalised banners.
• You may change your website browser settings to reject cookies. To learn how to disable cookies or opt out of their usage please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Please note, however, that some cookies are essential in order to shop on the Website and in the event you do reject cookies this may impair the functionality of the Website and may mean that you are unable to shop on the Website. At no point do our cookies or those of our third parties store your personal payment information to identify you. If you have any comments regarding the above then please contact customer services...
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, but cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
If you have any comments regarding the abovethen please contact us.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Search
Search by fabric colour, type and more
£{{amount}}
You're saving