http://www.heartbeatsathome.com/privacy.cfm
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How To Correct Your Information
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy
we provide this notice explaining our online information practices.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage
and at every point where personally identifiable information may
be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Heartbeats At Home website.
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information
collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order (i.e. credit card processing company).
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive special offers or updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you have approved it.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place stringent physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Secure Sockets Layer, SSL, is the standard security technology for creating an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browser remain private and integral. SSL is an industry standard
and is used by millions of websites in the protection of their online transactions with their customers. In order to be able to generate an SSL link, a web server requires an SSL Certificate. We are using such a Certificate from InstantSSL to create secure links
to protect transactions, passwords, personal details, etc.
The Certificate uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) 3.0, RC4 with 128-bit encryption (High); RSA with 512-bit exchange to encrypt and decrypt any personal information that is sent over the Internet between
your computer and our website.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Home  |
About Us  |
Fetal Doppler  |
Digital Fetal Doppler  |
FAQs  |
Shipping & Returns  |
Tips On Use
Shopping Cart
Giving Back to Save Lives  |
Baby Gear & More |
Contact Us |
Tell a Friend  |
Favorite Links |
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Heartbeats At Home, LLC
Website Hosting and Design by Rosa Enterprise