http://www.swansonvitamins.com/help/guarantees/guarantees-faqs/terms-of-service.html
Enter your email address
No
Thanks
Your 10% Off Promo Code is on the Way! Thanks for signing up for emails.
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings
opportunities!
Thanks again for connecting with us. Keep an eye on your inbox — your first coupon
is on its way!
CLOSE
Thank You! This email address is already signed up
You are signed up for the following:
Offers
Recipes
E-Newsletter
Updates & Reminders
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at
this address.
Look for your next communication from us within the next week.
CLOSE
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request.
Our apologies!
Please try again later.
CLOSE
sign up for deals & tips
blog
Swanson Health Mobile Logo
Swanson Health Desktop Logo
×
Enter search terms
search
help or support
help/support
your account
sign in/register
0
cart
help/support
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
speak with a Customer Support Representative
help or support
Call 1-800-824-4491
7am—Midnight CT Mon—Sat
Text 1-800-824-4491
7am—12am CT Mon—Fri,8am—12am CT Sat
chat
Live Chat
More ways to contact us
hi,
my account
easy refill
order history
sign out
× menu
× shop by category
your account
sign in/register
shop
CBD Hemp Extract
Immune Health
probiotics
probiotics
swanson probiotics
Probiotics for Digestive Health
Probiotics for Immune System
Probiotics for Women
Probiotics for Seniors
Probiotics by Potency
Acidophilus/Lactobacillus
Reuteri
FOS (Fructooligosaccharides)
Saccharomyces Boulardii
See all Probiotics
cleansing & detoxification
cleansing & detoxification
Colon Cleanse
Charcoal
Liver Cleanse
Gastrointestinal Cleanse
Cleansing & Detoxification Herbs
Cleansing & Detoxification Tea
Whole Body Cleanse
Metal Detoxification
Urinary Cleanse
See all Cleansing & Detoxification
coq10
CoQ10
Ubiquinol
CoQ10 with Tocotrienols
CoQ10 Formulas
Q-Gel
CoQ10 Chewable
CoQ10 Creams
See all CoQ10
digestive health
digestive health
Acidophilus/Probiotics
Digestive Enzymes
Digestive Health Formulas
Psyllium
Ginger Root
Hydrochloric Acid (HCL)
DGL (Deglycyrrhizinated Licorice)
Pectin
Glucomannan
PepZin GI
See all Digestive Health
herbs
herbs
Turmeric
Mushrooms
CBD Hemp Extract
Pycnogenol
Milk Thistle
Tart Cherry
Cinnamon
Saw Palmetto
Black Pepper
Olive Leaf
Ginkgo Biloba
See all Herbs
vitamin c
vitamin c
Vitamin C with Rose Hips
Vitamin C Formulas
Bioflavonoids
Ester-C
Buffered Vitamin C
Vitamin C Creams & Lotions
Mineral Ascorbates
Zinc & Vitamin C Lozenges
Children's Vitamin C Formulas
See all Vitamin C
women's health
women's health
PMS & Menopause
Women's Multivitamin & Mineral Formula
Women's Acidophilus/Probiotics
Women's Leg Vein Health
Prenatal Health
Pregnancy & Breast Feeding
Tampons & Pads
Breast Health
See all Women's Health
men's health
men's health
Prostate Health
Men's Multivitamin & Mineral Formulas
Men's Hormone Balance
Men's Hair Formulas
Men's Personal Care
See all Men's Health
heart
heart
Omega-3 EFAs
Magnesium
Polyphenols/OPCs
Vitamin E
Cardiovascular Formulas
Vitamin K
Resveratrol
Garlic
L-Arginine
Phytosterols
See all Heart
food & beverage
food & beverage
Tea
Nuts & Seeds
Breakfast Foods
Honey
Oils & Vinegar
Baking
Bars
Stevia
Fruit & Vegetables
Juices
See all Food & Beverage
all categories
vitamins & supplements
swanson brand
new arrivals
specials
Easy Refill Logo
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
Help & Award-Winning Customer Service
Categories
Company Accolades
Security & Privacy
International Information
Company Information
Guarantees
My Account
Easy Refill
Order Information
Product Information
Product Reviews
Shipping Information
Contact Us
Help
> Guarantees > Guarantees & FAQs Terms and Conditions
Search Help
Terms and Conditions
Swanson Health Products is committed to maintaining the highest quality products and the utmost integrity in business practices. Since 2001, we've voluntarily participated in independent third-party Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) audits, long before the FDA released their final regulations for the dietary supplement industry.
Notice: The products and information found on www.swansonvitamins.com are not intended to replace professional medical advice or treatment. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Our dietary supplements are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease or medical condition. Individual results may vary. Swanson Health Products urges you to seek the advice of a qualified professional for any health concern lasting more than two weeks, and to share with your provider any information pertaining to your health and wellbeing, including the use of supplemental nutrition.
Agreement Between Site User and Swanson Health Products, Inc (“SWANSON”)
The SWANSON website: www.swansonvitamins.com (hereinafter “Website”) is comprised of various Web pages operated by SWANSON, who maintains this Website as a service to those users who are interested in SWANSON products. The SWANSON Website is intended to be informative, and access to this Website is governed by the terms and conditions set forth herein and all applicable laws.
The SWANSON Website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the SWANSON Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices. You acknowledge and agree that all content and material on this Website, including but not limited to, text and images, is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks or other intellectual property rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized in writing by SWANSON, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, or transmit materials or content from the SWANSON Website.
Modification of these Terms and Conditions of Use
SWANSON reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the SWANSON Website is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the SWANSON Website.
Links to Third Party Sites
The SWANSON Website may contain links to other Websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of SWANSON and SWANSON is not responsible for the content of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. SWANSON is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. SWANSON is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SWANSON of the site or any association with its operators.
Health Information Disclaimer
Any medical or health related information provided on the SWANSON Website is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended to constitute medical advice or replace discussions with a healthcare provider.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use of the SWANSON Website
As a condition of your use of the SWANSON Website, you warrant to SWANSON that you will not use the SWANSON Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use SWANSON Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the SWANSON Website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the SWANSON Website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the SWANSON Websites.
Swanson Authorized Distributor and Warranty Statement
Swanson is firmly committed to providing our customers with safe and reliable products through authorized dealers. Unfortunately, Swanson products are sometimes sold by companies that are not authorized to do so. Goods sold by these unauthorized companies may not always be purchased from Swanson. Due to the nature of the goods sold by unauthorized distributors and their business practices, products sold by unauthorized distributors are not entitled to Swanson warranty coverage. We are using our best efforts (including this warning) to prohibit these companies from taking advantage of consumers, but these practices still exist. We urge you to use diligence when selecting a dealer to make your purchase.
Our policy is to honor product warranties only on products purchased from Swanson, or an authorized Swanson dealer and only accompanied by a receipt or proof of purchase. If you purchase a Swanson product from an unauthorized dealer or if the original serial number has been removed, defaced or altered, your Swanson warranty will not be valid.
Online Sellers
A further note about online sellers (particularly those on Amazon.com or Ebay.com): Many resellers who sell through Amazon.com and Ebay.com are not authorized resellers of Swanson products. When purchasing Swanson products on Amazon.com or Ebay.com, it is important to note where the product is being "shipped from and sold by," which is stated clearly in the header for each product. Authorized Swanson products are sold and shipped directly from Swanson.
Swanson products sold by unauthorized dealers sometimes are purchased on a secondary "gray" market and can be pirated goods not produced by Swanson, damaged, defective or so-called "B" stock goods, or stolen goods.
Beware of Counterfeit Swanson Products
Like many premium goods, Swanson products are being duplicated or stolen and sold, usually at drastically reduced prices and diminished quality. These products do not meet Swanson standards and are not covered under Swanson warranty. If you would like to report a suspected counterfeit Swanson product or have questions concerning this issue, please contact Customer Service at 1-800-824-4491. We appreciate your help in maintaining the integrity of the Swanson brand.
Beware of Other Product Package Alterations
Many times, products from unauthorized reseller have serial numbers that have been changed or even removed all together. Some products are marked with false “Use By” or Expiry Dates. Any Swanson product that does not have a serial number issued by Swanson should be returned. Removal or alteration of the original Swanson serial number will automatically void the warranty on that product.
Use of Communication Services
The SWANSON Website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities, such as links to social media webpages administered by SWANSON, designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
SWANSON has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, SWANSON reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.
SWANSON reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever. SWANSON reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in SWANSON’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. SWANSON does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, SWANSON specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized SWANSON spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of SWANSON.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials Provided to SWANSON or Posted on the SWANSON Website
SWANSON does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to SWANSON (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any SWANSON Website or its associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting SWANSON, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. SWANSON is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in SWANSON’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submission.
Liability Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SWANSON WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. SWANSON AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SWANSON WEBSITE AT ANY TIME. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA THE SWANSON WEBSITE SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR PERSONAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION.
SWANSON AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SWANSON WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. SWANSON AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SWANSON AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SWANSON WEBSITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SWANSON WEBSITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SWANSON WEBSITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SWANSON WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SWANSON OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SWANSON WEBSITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SWANSON WEBSITE.
SERVICE CONTACT: legal@swansonhealth.com or dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com
Swanson coupons and promo offers found on other third-party websites may or may not be valid. Many promo offers and coupons are posted to these sites without their corresponding expiration dates, while others are simply invalid or fraudulent. Swanson Health Products has no control over these third-party sites, and in no way can we guarantee or honor coupons or promo offers that are invalid, fraudulent or have expired. To avoid any confusion or potential frustration, please sign up for Swanson Emails to receive coupons and promo offers directly from us. Limit one promo offer per order. Limit 3 coupons per order. Online prices and offers are valid for online purchases only and may be different from those available in catalogs.
We reserve the right to limit quantities available for purchase and to charge additional shipping on overweight orders. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel an order for any reason. Click here for more information.
Restrictions
You are prohibited from, and expressly agree that you will not sell, resell, or make commercial use of the Swanson brand and any finished product both domestically or internationally, unless you have an executed agreement with us that expressly allows for such activity. You may not access or use any Swanson product in violation of United States export control and economic sanctions requirements nor use our registered trademarks and images to resell our brand on the internet, offer discounts below MSRP, or cause the Swanson brand or any product to be diluted in any way.
International Orders
While Swanson may choose to accept orders for the purchase of its products from non-residents of the United States, the acceptance of such orders and the sale of such products will only be based on the following conditions.
you agree that the purchase of any Swanson products by you, as a non-resident of the United States, shall be (a) ex works Swanson's facilities in the U.S. with all title risk and loss in the products passing to you in the U.S. and (b) for your own personal use only and not for further resale or distribution in any manner;
you agree not to order more than a ninety (90) day supply of any consumable products within any ninety (90) day period;
you hereby expressly authorize and direct Swanson to load and ship the purchased products to you to your designated ship to destination, and to contract on your behalf with a common carrier or courier company for that purpose;
you are the principal importer of record, responsible for ensuring any products can be lawfully imported into your country, and will undertake responsibility for any and all applicable taxes, shipping, customs clearance, duties and import requirements from Swanson's facilities in the U.S. to your foreign ship-to destination; and
the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to any purchase or sale, and Swanson expressly opts out of such application.
For products shipped outside the United States, please note that some Swanson items, including without limitation, directions of use, allergen warnings, label copy, content, manuals, instructions and safety warnings may not be localized in destination country languages; and the products and accompanying materials may not be formulated in accordance with destination country standards, specifications, and labeling requirements. In those cases, you expressly accept those Swanson Services in the English language and as they are sold in the United States.
Online Promotions: Terms & Conditions
Swanson Health Products, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to suspend or cancel any and all promotional offers or ongoing sale pricing on products offered on our website or catalog at any time without notice to any consumer.
Limit one promo offer per order. Some exclusions apply as noted on specific items and certain brands, including but not limited to:
Allergy Research Group
American Biologics
American Red Cross
Arthur Andrew Medical
DaVinci Laboratories
Douglas Laboratories
Dr. Mercola
Innate Response Formulas
Intensive Nutrition
Klean Athlete
Lidtke Technologies
Mayer Laboratories
Metabolic Maintenance
Nordic Naturals
Pharmax
Progressive Labs
Pure Encapsulations
Quest Nutrition
RLC Labs
Sundesa
Theramedix
Vital Nutrients
Vitamin Angels
Product prices and availability are subject to change. Not valid on previous orders, Easy Refill orders or at the Swanson retail store. Promotional offers may not be applied to items already marked down (Facebook promos, Deal of the Day discounts, buy-one-get-one-free (BOGO) offers, etc.). Refer to each specific email offer for promo offers, if applicable, and valid dates of the sale. Offers end at 11:59 pm Central Time on the stated expiration date.
Free standard shipping requires a minimum merchandise total of the dollar amount stated in your email promotion after any discounts or sales taxes have been applied. Orders eligible for free standard shipping will ship via the carrier of our choice. Merchandise total excludes gift certificates, delivery insurance, charitable donations and non-applicable items. Expedited orders and orders shipping outside of the 48 contiguous United States are subject to additional shipping fees.
In addition to the above, the following promotions have specific terms as stated below:
Dollar-Off Discounts: Redeemable once per customer during the promotion’s valid dates. Must meet or exceed qualifying threshold before shipping and sales taxes have been applied.
Percentage-Off Discounts: Available on orders $1,000.00 or less. Redeemable once per customer during the promotion’s valid dates. Must meet or exceed qualifying threshold before shipping and sales taxes have been applied.
Gift Certificates: Not redeemable for cash or on the same order through which it was awarded. Gift certificate will arrive via US Mail for use on a future order.
E-Coupons: Single use e-Coupon will be sent via email within 48 hours of complete order shipment. May be redeemed online or by phone through the specified date in your email. Not redeemable for cash or on the same order through which it was awarded. Limit one coupon per customer during the promotion's valid dates.
Rebates: Single-use rebate will be sent via email within 48 hours of order shipment. Rebate amount is dependent on order total (less shipping charges) after any additions or cancellations. Available on orders $1,000.00 or less. Not redeemable for cash or on the same order through which it was awarded. Limit one per household. Rebate will expire on the specified date in your email.
Additional discounts are not applicable to items that have a competitor price match. Read more about Price Matching.
Best Price Guaranteed for Easy Refill Subscriptions:
Subscription customers will automatically be charged the best price for Swanson Brand Items on recurring fulfillment of orders. Best price is determined using the lowest list price from the 7 days preceding the subscription order ship date. Applies only to recurring fulfillments of subscriptions from the initiation of price guarantee program and only on Swanson Brand Items. Does not apply to promotional pricing or any order fulfillments prior to the launch of the program (effective 02/25/2019).
MSRP
For our website and catalog, the MSRP (Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price) is understood to mean the price at which a manufacturer will recommend a retailer sell a product for in stores, online, or in catalogs. The MSRP of national brand items are dictated to Swanson by each manufacturer. For Swanson brand items, the MSRP is calculated based on a varying percentage above the product’s base price.
Termination/Access Restriction
SWANSON reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the SWANSON Website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of North Dakota, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in North Dakota, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the SWANSON Website. Use of the SWANSON Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and SWANSON as a result of this agreement or use of the SWANSON Website. SWANSON’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of SWANSON’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the SWANSON Website or information provided to or gathered by SWANSON with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and SWANSON with respect to the SWANSON Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and SWANSON with respect to the SWANSON Website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English. '
Copyright and Trademark Notices
All contents of the SWANSON Website including but not limited to text, design, graphics, interfaces, or code are: Copyright 2018 by Swanson Health Products, Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are trademarks or registered trademarks and are proprietary to SWANSON, or other respective owners that have granted SWANSON license to use such marks.
Trademarks
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Notices and Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE.
Indemnification
Upon a request by SWANSON, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless SWANSON and its affiliates and their directors, officers, employees and agents against any claims, demands, actions, damages or other liabilities, including expenses and attorney's fees, that arise from your use of this Website. SWANSON reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with SWANSON in asserting any available defenses.
Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver
You agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association under the Federal Arbitration Act, and agree not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury. You understand that through individual arbitration, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator’s decision will be final except for limited appeal rights under the Federal Arbitration Act. Additionally, as a condition of use of the SWANSON website, you understand and agree that class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where an individual acts in a representative capacity is not allowed. You further understand and agree that individual proceedings cannot be combined for any reason whatsoever without express consent of all parties involved.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us at: legal@swansonhealth.com or dataprotectionofficer@swansonhealth.com.
Get our best deals straight to your inbox!
Enter your email address
sign up
Your first offer is on the way!
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings opportunities!
Thank You! This email address is already signed up.
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at this address.
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request. Our apologies! Please try again later.
CUSTOMER CARE
ABOUT SWANSON
CAREERS
INTERNATIONAL
REFER A FRIEND
*promotion details
help
shipping
returns
our quality code
social responsibility
privacy & security
swanson cares
distributors
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Quality Code Seal
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
*Some exclusions apply. See Details
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Sales Tax: Sales tax indicated at checkout is an estimate. The sales tax charged to your credit card is calculated when your credit card charge is authorized on the date of shipment.
Sales tax charged reflects any applicable state and local taxes.
© 2020 Swanson® – Terms of Service – Privacy Policy – Sitemap
Essential Accessibility Icon
®
Easy Refill
Get your favorite products delivered automatically
10% off future orders of Swanson brand products in your subscription
FREE standard shipping on all future orders over $50
Control the frequency, delivery date, item quantity... or cancel at any time
Email reminders before each delivery
See all FAQs here
Add and Review Order
Add and Keep Shopping