http://www.boiaudioworks.com/privacy
Our thoughts go out to all who are affected by COVID-19. Stay well, stay safe.
Your Personal InformationWhen ordering product from our online store, we receive and store information from you that may include the following:NameEmail addressMailing/billing addressTelephone numberIP address/domain nameAny personal information that you may have volunteeredWe do not store any credit card information on our site.
Your credit card information is safe with us.We do not sell or share our customers' personal information with any third parties except when required to do so legally. We collect and store information about the pages viewed by our website visitors. We use this data to identify visitor behavior which will help us to improve the overall site experience. We are not responsible for the Privacy Policy content on sites linked to by Tubes For Amps.CookiesCookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Cookies allow us to provide you with services and features that will enhance your shopping experience. Most browsers allow you to disable the use of cookies however, we recommend that you leave them on.We use Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
We are not unique in this since pretty much all online merchants do this, but we like being upfront about it with you. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising in the future, you can opt out using the Google ad settings page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.EmailsBy providing us with your email, you may receive periodic emails or mailers from us with new product announcements, events or promotions. We have also been known to reach out to you just to see how you are doing, especially if we come to know you over the years.
That and if you have cool tube gear that we like to hear about.If you would like to stop receiving these emails, please email us, Attention: Unsubscribe from Tubes From Amps, at support@tubesforamps.com to be removed from the list.Children's PrivacyWe do not structure our website to attract children, since appreciation for things like tube gears come at a much later stage in life.
YouTube child guitar prodigies are, of course, exceptions to this, but we will never knowingly collect information from anyone who is age 13 and under.Future ChangesBy using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy and to our Terms of Service Policy. Tubes For Amps may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page or by notice on our homepage, so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will post a notice on this page for thirty (30) calendar days prior to the implementation of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. Such notice will provide information as to how you may remove your information from our database should you so desire.