http://www.woodrose-kona-coffee.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Recent Posts
Different Materials When Building Roof
How Much Does a Handyman Charge?
Easy Steps in Removing Wine Stain from your Carpet
The Difference Between Plaster and Stucco
Important Reasons to Hire a Professional Moving Company for Your Office Relocation
Search for:
Recent Comments
Woodrose Kona CoffeeDifferent Materials When Building Roof September 15, 2019 The roof is considered as a part of the house in which will help you protect from different kinds of weather like rainy seasons and even snowy and rainy season in. That is why when people are planning on choosing the room that they will put in their house, they will be planning on really […] secure_adminHow Much Does a Handyman Charge? September 11, 2019Research shows that handymen may charge anything between $50 and $100 per hour for their services. Handymen are the source of help for most homeowners. These service providers do big and small home maintenance and improvement jobs. They are the champions of the honey-do list, so to speak. Handymen may charge by the hour or […] secure_adminEasy Steps in Removing Wine Stain from your Carpet December 24, 2018It is common to people to have a party or invite their friends to go to their home and have a small chit-chat or friendly dinner meal with your close friends. Of course, as a host of it. You would prepare so much so that everything would be fine and nice. As the owner of […] secure_adminThe Difference Between Plaster and Stucco December 19, 2018Everything you need to know:    You cannot argue that for most people the biggest investment that you could go for is the house. So, it is imperative for most people to take care of their things and ensure that they are not taking for granted the things that could be done for the house. […] secure_adminImportant Reasons to Hire a Professional Moving Company for Your Office Relocation  May 17, 2018Moving to a new office location does not only require manpower and logistical preparation. As a matter of fact, it also takes a lot of professional moving experience and expertise. There are actually a lot of factors that you should consider when moving to a new office location including expensive executive furniture, delicate equipment, as […] secure_adminRenting a Limousine May 3, 2018Renting the best limousine frequently varies on how far you are going, number of hours would require it, number of individuals, and the type of occasion. Almost every firm would ask what even the car is for, and they might focus on particular events to give you the best experience possible. The more information you could give […] secure_adminImportance of Hiring a Professional and Experienced Damage Contractor for the Repair of Concrete  April 27, 2018If you have a damaged or cracked concrete due to weather or water damage then you should consider DIY repair. This can be easily done with the use of a concrete repair kit. However, the only problem is, these repair kits are just suited for small repairs of concrete. Before you begin to handle the […] secure_adminEssential Pest Control Reminders August 5, 2017When dealing with pests, it is important to do it safely and be humble about the task at hand. One of the most important things to do when dealing with pests is to equip yourself with knowledge about the absolute pest. There are different ways to treat different pests which are why it is good […] secure_admin Archives
September 2019
December 2018
May 2018
April 2018
August 2017
Categories
Carpet Cleaning
Limousine
Moving Company
Pest Control
Roof Service
Stucco
Uncategorized