http://www.lamp-specialties.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Categories
Art Supplies
Lotion Pumps
Mayco Paints
Candle Covers
Clay Working & Sculpture
Christmas Ornaments
Clock Making
Display Devices
Home Decor
Jewelry Crafting
Kid's Crafts & Toys
Lamp Parts
Light Bulbs
Magnets
Make
a Lamp Kits
Night Lights
Miscellaneous
Paints & Finishes
Duncan Paints
Mayco Paints
Unfinished Wood
Woodworking
Brands
Creative Hobbies®
Duncan Ceramics
Skutt
Creative Hobbies
Duncan
lamp Specialties
AMACO
Beacon Adhesives
Laguna
Mayco Colors
View All Brands
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PAYMENT:
For fastest delivery PayPal, Visa, Mastercard or Discover is our preferred payment method, but we also accept money orders.
We are required to collect sales tax on all orders shipped within New Jersey.
SHIPPING NOTES:
PLEASE NOTE We do not ship internationally, to Guam, US Virgin Islands or to APO/FPO locations.
Orders to Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico must be shipped by Priority Mail and the actual shipping rate may be highera and/or we may not be able to ship the item to those states. Please inquire prior to buying.
Shipping insurance is optional on all items and strongly recommended.
All orders are shipped via UPS Ground or USPS First Class or Priority Mail. Expedited shipping services (such as Next Day Air) are not available at this time. We email the shipment tracking information to your EMAIL ADDRESS. (Please check your bulk mail folder as tracking emails are commonly placed there by many email programs.)
SHIPPING COSTS: Shipping costs vary by item and location and are calculated in your shopping cart at the time you place your order. In the event that the shipping cost calculated is too high then we will promptly refund the overage to you.
RETURN POLICY: Shop with confidence in our online store. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with an item you purchase from us please contact us immediately and our customer service team will gladly resolve your order. -New Unopened Items may be returned within 14 days for exchange, credit or refund of the full item price less shipping charges. Please contact us in advance for return authorization. Item must be returned in the same condition as you received it in.
- Sorry we do not accept returns of used items. - Items returned to us by the shipping carrier are subject to a 10% restocking fee (unless it was our error).
PRIVACY POLICY:
The data we collect is used solely for order fulfillment and customer contact when needed. Occasionally we may contact you by email or US Mail with new items or sale offers. You can opt out of our mailing list by emailing or calling us. We hold your privacy in the highest regard and absolutely do not give, sell, rent or exchange any information with any third parties.
×
OK