https://www.surlatable.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Looking for the perfect gift? Let them choose with a Sur La Table gift card.
X
Menu
0
Sign In or Register
Sign In or Register
Sign In or Register
Stores
Products
Products
Cookware
Cookware
Pots & Pans
Cookware Sets
Dutch Ovens & Braisers
Grill Pans & Griddles
Saucepans
Saute Pans
Skillets
Stockpots & Soup Pots
Oven
Bakers & Casseroles
Roasting Pans
Specialty
Pot Racks
Specialty Cookware
Splatter Screens & Lids
Steamers
Microwave Cookware
Brands
All-Clad
Ballarini
BK
Cristel
Demeyere
Emile Henry
GreenPan
Le Creuset
Lodge
Mauviel
Scanpan
Staub
Sur La Table Cookware
Sur La Table La Marque 84
Zwilling
Dansk
Sales & Promotions
Cookware Sale
Cookware up to 55% off
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Cookware
Bakeware
Bakeware
Bakeware
Pie Dishes & Tart Pans
Ramekins & Souffles
Specialty Bakeware
Bakeware Sets
Bakers & Casseroles
Baking Mats & Parchment
Baking Sheets & Cooling Grids
Bread & Loaf Pans
Cake & Springform Pans
Cupcake & Muffin Pans
Baking Tools
Paper Baking Products
Cookie Cutters & Presses
Food Gift Packaging
Measuring & Scales
Mixing & Prep Bowls
Pastry Tools
Rolling Pins & Pastry Boards
Brands
Ateco
Emile Henry
Le Creuset
Nordic Ware
Staub
Sur La Table Bakeware
Trudeau Silicone Bakeware
Wilton
Mason Cash
Sales & Promotions
Bakeware Sale
Shop Holiday Baking
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Bakeware
Kitchen Tools
Kitchen Tools
Utensils
Brushes
Kitchen Tool Sets
Ladles & Spoons
Spatulas & Turners
Skimmers
Tongs
Whisks
Peel, Slice, Chop
Cutting Boards
Graters, Zesters & Peelers
Kitchen Shears
Mandolines & Slicers
Gadgets
Fruit & Vegetable Tools
Can & Jar Openers
Sifters
Splatter Screens & Lids
Strainers & Colanders
Thermometers & Timers
Spice Mills, Shakers & Tools
Nut & Herb Tools
Mix & Measure
Measuring & Scales
Mixing & Prep Bowls
Specialty Tools
Olive Oil Dispensers
Canning
Cheese Tools
Egg Tools
Nut & Herb Tools
Frozen Treat Tools
Meat, Poultry & Seafood Tools
Pasta Makers & Tools
Pizza Cutters & Tools
Aprons, Oven Mitts & Pot Holders
Bar Tools & Accessories
Brands
Chef'n
Epicurean
John Boos
Joseph Joseph
Kuhn Rikon
Le Creuset Tools
Lekue
Microplane
OXO
Peugeot
Rosle
Sur La Table Cooks' Tools
Zyliss
Marcato Pasta
Staub
Sales & Promotions
Cooks' Tools Sale
Sur La Table Kitchen Tools
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Kitchen Tools
Knives
Knives
Knives
Knife Sets
Chef's Knives
Santoku Knives
Paring Knives
Carving Knives
Bread Knives
Cleavers & Boning Knives
Steak Knives
Specialty Knives
Cheese Knives
Knife Accessories
Cutting Boards
Kitchen Shears
Knife Blocks & Storage
Sharpeners & Steels
Brands
Bob Kramer
Cristel
Global
Miyabi
Shun
Wusthof
Zwilling J.A. Henckels
Sales & Promotions
Knife Sale
Knives up to 60% off
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Knives
Small Appliances
Small Appliances
Essential Appliances
Blenders
Food Processors
Juicers
Mixers & Attachments
Toasters & Ovens
Multi Cookers & Slow Cookers
Pressure Cookers
Home Appliances
Irons & Laundry
Coffee & Espresso Makers
Coffee Makers
Espresso Machines
Coffee & Espresso Accessories
Single-Serve Coffee
Milk Frothers
Specialty Appliances
Grills & Panini Presses
Ice Cream Makers
Popcorn Makers
Rice Cookers
Sous Vide Cooking
Specialty Appliances
Waffle Makers
Brands
Breville
Cuisinart
De'Longhi
Dualit
Instant Pot
Jura
KitchenAid
Krups
Nespresso
Star Wars
Vitamix
Zwilling
Sales & Promotions
Small Appliance Sale
Shop Essential Appliances
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Small Appliances
Dining & Home
Dining & Home
Dinnerware
Bowls
Chargers
Dinnerware Sets
Mugs & Espresso Cups
Plates
Dinnerware Collections
Outdoor Dinnerware
Linens
Aprons, Oven Mitts & Pot Holders
Kitchen Towels & Dishcloths
Napkins & Napkin Rings
Placemats
Tablecloths & Runners
Flatware
Serving Utensils
Flatware by Brand
Flatware Collections
Drinkware
Decanters
Double-Wall Glassware
Glasses
Mugs
Travelers & Growlers
Wine
Home
Cleaning
Sur La Table Soaps & Lotions
Organization & Storage
Floor Mats & Rugs
Dish Racks & Sink Accessories
Trash & Recycling
Totes & Gift Bags
Cookbooks
Serving
Pitchers
Butter Dishes
Coasters & Trivets
Platters & Trays
Specialty Serving Pieces
Sugar Bowls & Creamers
Serving Bowls
Bar
Wine & Cocktail Accessories
Decanters
Ice & Wine Buckets
Cocktail & Wine Glasses
Decor
Candles
Home Decor
Ornaments
Plants & Wreaths
Pot Racks
Brands
Coravin
Chilewich
Staub
Dubost
Duralex
Emile Henry
Fortessa
La Rochere
Le Creuset
Riedel
Schott Zwiesel
Ullo
WellnessMats
Revol
SimpleHuman
Sales & Promotions
Dining & Home Sale
Deck the Halls
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Dining & Home
Coffee & Tea
Coffee & Tea
Coffee & Espresso
Beans, Grounds & Pods
Coffee Makers
Espresso Machines
French Presses
Pourover Coffee
Stovetop Espresso
Single-Serve Coffee
Accessories
Coffee & Espresso Accessories
Tea Accessories
Tea
Kettles
Loose Leaf & Bags
Brands
Breville
De'Longhi
illy Coffee
Jura
Nespresso
Sales & Promotions
Coffee & Tea Sale
Shop Coffee & Espresso
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Coffee & Tea
Food
Food
Baking Cabinet
Baking Ingredients
Decorating
Food Gift Packaging
Cooking Pantry
Food Storage
Global Cooking
Oil & Vinegar
Salts & Seasonings
Sauces & Condiments
Snacks & Sweets
Chocolate
Desserts
Snacks
Delivered Fresh
Appetizers & Cheese
Breakfast & Brunch
Entrees
Beverage
Cocktails
Coffee
Hot Chocolate
Tea
Brands
Bitterman Salts
illy Coffee
Italians Do It Better
King Arthur Flour
Nielsen-Massey
Sugarfina
Sur La Table Food
Urban Accents
Sales & Promotions
Food Sale
Holiday Confections
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Food
Outdoor
Outdoor
Outdoor Dining
Outdoor Dinnerware
Outdoor Cookware
Grilling Cookware
Grilling Tools
Outdoor Grills, Smokers & Ovens
Brands
Sur La Table Outdoor
Sales & Promotions
Outdoor Sale
Shop Outdoor Cooking
Shop our Gift Guide
Shop All Outdoor
Gifts
Gifts
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Stocking Stuffers
Stocking Stuffers
Top 25 Gifts
Top 25 Gifts
Gifts Under $100
Gifts Under $100
Gift Ideas
Gift Ideas
Best Sellers
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
New Arrivals
Only at SLT
Only at SLT
Shop Gift Cards
Stocking Stuffers from $9.95
Top 25 Gifts
Cooking Classes
Cooking Classes
Online Cooking Classes
Online Cooking Classes
Private Events
Private Events
Browse Class Calendar
Browse Class Calendar
In-Store Cooking Classes
In-Store Cooking Classes
Sur La Table Online Culinary Institute
Sur La Table Online Culinary Institute
Live Online Cooking Classes
Private Events with Sur La Table
Sur La Table Online Culinary Institute
Brands
Brands
Sale
Sale
Cookware Sale
Cookware Sale
Kitchen Tools Sale
Kitchen Tools Sale
Knives Sale
Knives Sale
Bakeware Sale
Bakeware Sale
Dining & Home Sale
Dining & Home Sale
Outdoor Sale
Outdoor Sale
Small Appliances Sale
Small Appliances Sale
Coffee & Tea Sale
Coffee & Tea Sale
All Sale
All Sale
All Clearance
All Clearance
Christmas 20% off • Today Only
Cookware up to 55% off
Shop Now
Holidays
Holidays
Christmas
Christmas
Gift Guide
Gift Guide
Stocking Stuffers
Stocking Stuffers
Holiday Ornaments
Holiday Ornaments
Holiday Entertaining
Holiday Entertaining
Holiday Baking
Holiday Baking
Confections
Confections
Holiday Linens
Holiday Linens
Christmas 20% Off
Shop Our Gift Guide
Stocking Stuffers from $9.95
Stores
Sign In or Register
Sign In or Register
Sign In or Register
Customer Service
Search Catalog
Search Stores
Order by 12/14 for delivery by Christmas. Free ground shipping over $75.
See Details
privacy-policy
ABOUT SUR LA TABLE
ABOUT US
CAREERS
PRIVACY
MEDIA RELATIONS
AFFILIATE PROGRAMS
COUPONS
#MAKEMORE
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 1, 2020
For more than 40 years, Sur La Table, Inc. (“Sur La Table,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) has been
building relationships with
our customers based on respect and integrity. We appreciate the trust and confidence you place
in us when you visit our
website and when you do business with us.
Your privacy is important to us. Please read this Sur La Table Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)
to learn about the
information that Sur La Table collects from you and how Sur La Table uses that information.
By using the Site, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not
agree with any part of
this Privacy Policy, then please do not use the Site.
Scope
This Privacy Policy describes how Sur La Table collects and uses information about you in
connection with www.SurLaTable.com and any other website, application or other online service on
or to which
this Privacy Policy is linked or referenced (collectively, the "Site"). You can download a
printable copy of this Privacy Policy
here.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that is collected by any third-party websites,
applications, or
services that are integrated with the Site (collectively, “Third Party Services”). Third Party
Services are governed by
their own privacy policies. We recommend you review the privacy policy governing any Third Party
Services before using
them.
Certain features of the Site, such as promotional offers may be subject to additional terms
presented in conjunction
with them. Regardless of how they are presented to you, we require that you agree to additional
terms before using the
features of the Site to which they apply.
California Residents: If you are a resident of California, you may have additional rights
regarding your personal information. Please review
our California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) Section below regarding your rights under the CCPA.
What We Mean–Definitions
This Privacy Policy uses certain capitalized terms that we intend to have particular meanings.
Sometimes, those terms
are defined when they are first used. In addition, and for ease of reference, the following
terms are defined in this
section:
Personal Information: means information that identifies you or that can
identify you, including, but not limited to, your name, shipping
and/or billing address, e-mail address, phone number and credit card information.
Browsing Information: means information that, by itself, does not individually
identify you, such as browser type, operating system, the
webpages you viewed and how long you viewed them. We generally do not treat Browsing
Information as Personal
Information. We may, however, link together different types of Browsing Information or link
Browsing Information to
Personal Information. If linked information identifies (or can be used to identify) an
individual person, we treat the
linked information as Personal Information.
Process: (including its variants) means to collect, transfer, share, disclose,
provide access to, use, combine, verify, store, sell, rent and delete.
How We Process Information
We process Personal Information and Browsing Information for a variety of purposes, including the
following:
To help provide you with a smooth, efficient shopping experience that is tailored to you, such as
to:
help you quickly find information, products, and services;
make the Site easier for you to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter your
Personal Information;
provide you with information about your order history, gift cards, wish lists and gift
registries you create, reviews
you write, questions you answer, products you pick or people who are following your picks
(if you choose to make picks
and allow followers);
help create content that is customized to your particular preferences or interests; and
make third party offers of products and/or services more relevant to you.
To alert you to Sur La Table and third party products, services, and promotional offers that
may be of interest to
you, through email, direct mail or other methods of delivery, such as mobile content
delivery programs.
To allow you to participate in trusted store or similar programs, subscription services,
rewards programs or other
membership programs that we offer or participate in with business affiliates. This may
involve collecting and disclosing
Personal Information (including your order details) for purposes such as allowing third
parties to track which of their
members visit or use the Site (for example, to obtain purchase protection or to earn points
or discounts for purchases
made on our Site through links from the partner site).
To announce the names, cities and states, of winners of contests, sweepstakes, and
promotions.
To fulfill and ship your order, to process your payments, and to communicate with you about
your order and to provide customer service.
To assist in marketing efforts, including by tailoring and serving advertisements, and by
tracking the effectiveness of marketing efforts.
To operate the Site and to improve Site content, layout and design, and vendor selection.
To monitor the usage and performance of the Site and to conduct system administration and
system troubleshooting.
To comply with legal requirements and process (for example, in response to subpoenas, court
orders, and law
enforcement or governmental requests or investigations), to protect our legal rights or the
rights of others (for
example, by working to reduce the risk of fraud or Site misuse); to enforce our Terms of Use
or other policies or
agreement; or to respond to an emergency.
In connection with a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization,
dissolution, bankruptcy or
other change of ownership or control (in each case whether in whole or in part). Such a
transaction may involve the
disclosure of Personal Information and Browsing Information to prospective or actual
purchasers or third parties. If all
or any part of our assets are acquired, Personal Information and Browsing Information may be
one of the transferred
assets.
To help us determine which areas of our Site are most popular so we can enhance the
experience of Site visitors. We may
aggregate certain Browsing Information or Personal Information so that it does not relate to
any specific Site visitor
(“aggregate information”) in order to detect, analyze, and describe patterns of Site usage.
Browsing Information and
aggregate information can provide an overview of our Site users' characteristics,
demographics, and collective viewing,
search and shopping habits.
To share information with our affiliates, vendors, business partners (including advertising
partners) and other third
parties for purposes such as: tailoring Site and email content and services for individual
users and recipients;
conducting targeted advertising; offering promotions and discounts; and to offer third party
products and services.
To evaluate you for a job or internship.
For any other lawful purpose.
Examples of the uses of information include:
Providing Services. We use your Personal Information and Browsing Information to provide services
to you. Often, this
includes contact information, mailing information, and other personal information. We may
collect additional information
when you create an account through the Site, including contact information and login
credentials. We may use this information to diagnose and address problems and provide other
support services.
Evaluating You for a Job or Internship. We use Third Party Services to manage our job recruitment
activities. By
submitting your application for job opportunities via our affiliated Third Party Service, we
will use your Personal
Information to evaluate you for such opportunities.
Sur la Table may use The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. UltiPro service to collect and process job
application
information from you. You may be asked to create an account with and log into the UltiPro
service. We do not control and
are not responsible for the UltiPro service. For more information about UltiPro’s privacy
practices please visit:
www.ultimatesoftware.com.
Improving the Site. We use information to continually improve our Services, including adding new
features or
capabilities. This information is collected throughout your interactions with our Site that
enable us to understand
client usage and tailor future capabilities.
We track Browsing Information to know how many people visit specific pages of our Site or utilize
specific areas of our
Site so that we may improve upon it. We may use your IP address to customize our Site to your
location, such as the
language displayed on our Site.
Communications. We use information we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with
you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means to notify you of changes in
information and updates to our Site or to our Privacy Policy.
Marketing Communications: We use personal information to deliver marketing communications to you
across various
platforms, such as email, direct mail, social media, and online via our Site.
Processing Payments: If you make a payment to Sur La Table, we will ask for payment information
and other information
requested for processing your payment. We use Third Party Services to assist in securely
processing your payment
information. If you pay with a credit card, the payment information that you provide through the
Site is encrypted and
transmitted directly to the payment processor. We do not store your payment information and do
not control and are not
responsible for the payment processors or their collection or use of your information.
All payments received via credit card are processed securely by Sur La Table’s payment processing
vendors using measures
that comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”).
How We Collect Information
Information We Collect From You
In general, when we collect Personal Information about you on the Site, you are asked to
affirmatively provide the
information or to take some action—such as in registering an account, or placing an order—on or
through the Site. Other
information you affirmatively provide, such as about your preferences (e.g., specific products
or brands you like), and
demographic information (e.g., gender, age, or income range) is generally maintained along with
Personal Information.
You can choose not to provide any information that is affirmatively requested of you; however,
this may limit your
ability to use the Site. For example, you must provide certain information about you in order to
access all of the
Site’s features, to obtain promotional or email offers, to create wish lists or gift registries,
to participate in
special or loyalty programs (including gift certificates) through the Site, to write and share
product reviews, to enter
contests or sweepstakes, or to place an order on the Site.
Depending on the purpose, we may ask you to provide different categories of Personal Information.
For example, if you
place an order, we may ask you to provide information including your name, phone number, email
address, shipping and
billing addresses, zip code and credit card information. If you choose to pay with Bill Me
Later®, you will be required
to provide the last four digits of your social security number and your birth date (which we
will use to process the
Bill Me Later® transaction and will strive to delete after the transaction is completed).
User-generated content on our Site (such as product reviews, product ratings and wish lists
created by users) may
include Personal Information. We Process any Personal Information submitted with or included in
the user-generated
content provided to the Site.
The Site may link with certain social media-related Third Party Services, such as social media
platforms and social
media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook "Like" button, '"Share to Twitter"' button) ( “Social
Media”). When accessing the
Site through a Social Media account, we may (depending on the applicable account privacy
settings) automatically receive
information (including Personal Information) from the Social Media platform. We may collect and
use this information for
the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or at the time the information was collected.
In addition to collecting information on the Site, we may collect information from you when you
visit one of our stores,
or communicate with us over the phone or e-mail. This information may include Personal
Information and other information
such as your name, billing and mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, purchase and
return history, gift card
usage, and participation in events and promotions that we offer. This information may be matched
with, and stored in
connection with Personal Information provided or collected in connection with the Site.
As stated above, the information we collect depends on the Site and features thereof that you
use, and includes the
following:
Name and contact information. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address,
phone number, and
other similar contact information.
Credentials. We process passwords and related security information used for authentication for
Sur La Table account
access and information security purposes.
Payment Information. We collect the payment information necessary to process your payment if you
make payments online,
such as such as a credit card or debit card number.
Job application and internship information. We collect information regarding your employment
history, resume,
references, education (including GPA), and other information to help us evaluate you for an
internship or employment
with Sur La Table.
Usage information. We collect personalized information about your use of our Site, to better
understand uses thereof and
identify potential improvements, as well as to send you promotional communications or offers
tailored to your use of our
Site and interest thereto.
Content. We may collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback or questions you
ask our technical
support representatives, when necessary to provide you with access to our Site and its features.
When you contact us,
phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded in
order to improve our Site
and facilitate the processing and resolution of your request or complaint.
Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Site, we automatically collect what we refer to as Browsing Information about
you.
Browsing Information includes certain information that is automatically sent by, or collected
from, your computer, web
browser, and/or other device used to access the Site. This may include information such as your
computer’s IP address,
unique device identifier associated with the device you use to access the Site, the URL of the
webpage you visited
before coming to the Site and when exiting the Site, the location from which you (or your
computer or access device)
accesses the Site, and information about your computer or browser type and settings (such as
your browser version,
language settings). We also may collect or access information associated with cookies or other
Tracking Technologies, as
further described in the “Tracking Technologies Used on the Site” section below.
Browsing Information also includes certain information about your use of the Site, such as the
pages and services you
click on or access on the Site, the data you or your computer or access device transfers to or
receives from the Site,
session information (such as page response times), click-stream data and other information about
the unique way in which
you use the Site. This information can allow us to record and understand the precise way in
which you interact with the
Site in any particular visit, including each of the webpages you visit, and the manner in which
you engage with each
webpage (e.g., where you move your cursor, what you scroll through, what searches you run and
products you view, etc.).
Browsing Information also includes preference data, such as search and purchase information and
other preference-related
information that you submit to the Site (such as the styles and brands you prefer, what
activities you enjoy and other
lifestyle information).
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
It is our policy to protect your information both online and off-line. Access to our customers’
information is
restricted to only those employees or agents, contractors or subcontractors of Sur La Table who
have valid reasons to
access this information for the limited services via the Site that you have requested or
authorized, or for any other
purpose described in this Privacy Policy. The information you provide will not be sold or rented
to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to:
Sur La Table-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries, located in and outside your country or
region;
outsourced service providers who perform Third Party Services and other functions on our
behalf, located inside or
outside of your country or region. For example, when you provide payment information to pay
online, we will share
payment information with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or
provide other financial services,
and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction;
anyone expressly authorized by you to receive your personal information;
anyone to whom we are required by law to disclose personal information, upon valid and
enforceable request thereof.
Sur La Table may share personal information if Sur La Table or one of its affiliates is involved
in a merger, sale,
acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change
of ownership or control
(in whole or in part). In such an event, Sur La Table requires that the personal information
shared be subject to a
confidentiality agreement in favor of Sur La Table.
We will access, disclose and preserve personal information when we have a good faith belief that
doing so is necessary
to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal processes, including from law
enforcement or other government
agencies, upon valid and enforceable request thereof; or
operate and maintain the security of our Site, including to prevent or stop an attack on our
computer systems or
networks.
Please note that our Site may direct you to services of third parties whose privacy practices
differ from Sur La Table’s
privacy practices. If you provide personal information to any of those services, your
information is governed by their
privacy statements or policies. Sur La Table is not responsible for the privacy practices of
these other websites.
Please review the privacy policies for those websites to understand how they process your
information.
Tracking Technologies Used on the Site
We and our business associates use cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies
(“Tracking Technologies”), on the Site to collect, process, and store Personal Information and
Browsing Information.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or other device that you use to access
this Site. The Site uses two kinds of cookies, in both the first and third party form: session
ID and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie generally expires when you close your browser,
while a persistent cookie remains on your computer for an extended period of time. Persistent
cookies can generally be removed by following directions provided in your Internet browser's
"help" file, and your browser may offer you settings to reject cookies; we are not able to
guarantee that any particular browser’s instructions or settings will work properly. If you
enact settings to reject cookies, or if you delete cookies, you may not be able to access or use
some portions and features of the Site.
Cookies are used for a variety of purposes, including to enable you to select, place and purchase
products in our shopping cart, to make it easier for you to navigate the Site (such as by
storing your Personal Information, so you don't have to enter that information more than once),
and enhance your shopping experience. Cookies are also used to track the number of times users
have visited the Site, to determine and analyze their use of the Site, to store information that
they provide (such as preferences), to store technical information useful for interactions with
the Site, and to track the number of visitors to the Site. Cookies are utilized to collect
Browsing Information, including the information described in the “Information Collected
Automatically” section above.
The Site also may use web beacons —sometimes called single-pixel gifs or action tags—to assist us
in delivering cookies and allow us to collect Browsing Information about Site users. Web beacons
may also be included in emails in order to determine whether the emails have been opened and
acted upon. To learn more about cookies and web beacons, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Locally shared objects—sometimes called Flash cookies—collect and hold more data than cookies and
are stored differently on your computer. Locally shared objects may not be deleted, or
prevented, through the use of browser settings or controls. For more information about locally
shared objects, including instructions on how to control or delete them, review information
provided by Adobe in connection with Flash technology you use, such as http://www.adobe.com/devnet/security.html
The Tracking Technologies used on the Site may be used by us or by our service providers or
business affiliates (including third party advertising companies) for the purposes described in
this Privacy Policy (including the collection and use of Browsing Information and Personal
Information). In addition, our service providers, business affiliates, and advertising companies
may use Tracking Technologies to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are
visited or what products are purchased and in what amount), to understand shopping patterns, to
determine whether you have seen a particular ad before so as to avoid duplication, and for their
own business purposes that are not described in this Privacy Policy.
We also use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to collect information. Generally
analytics services do not identify individual users. Many analytics services allow you to opt
out of data collection. For example, to learn more about Google Analytics practices and to opt
out, visit www.google.com/settings/ads or by
downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Email Communications That We Send; Consent to Electronic Notice of Breaches
We may send you, or you may elect to sign up to receive, emails from us. To help us understand
whether we are providing information of interest to you, we may include software code or other
Tracking Technologies in our emails to monitor whether you opened a particular email, whether
you have clicked on the images and/or links in the email, the date and time the message was
opened, and whether your computer is capable of receiving HTML-based email.
If you do not wish to receive marketing emails, please follow the opt-out instructions provided
in the email. We reserve the right to send you service announcements or similar administrative
messages (for example, if we need to temporarily suspend the Site for maintenance), without
offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. In addition, because we must
communicate with you about orders that you have placed, you cannot opt out of receiving emails
relating to your orders.
If we or our Site suffers a data security breach that requires us to provide you with notice,
such as under applicable law, you consent to allow us to provide you with such notice by sending
an e-mail to the primary e-mail address that is associated with your account.
Your Right to Access and Update Personal Information
Sur La Table respects your right to access and control your personal information. You have
choices about the information
we collect. When you are asked to provide personal information that is not necessary for the
purposes of providing you
with our Site, you may decline. However, if you choose not to provide information that is
necessary to provide you with
our Site, you may not have access to certain features on our Site.
You can view some of the Personal Information that we maintain about you and your account by
logging into your account on the Site and viewing the My Account section. You can update certain
information about your account, such as your mailing or billing address information, email
address, and phone number by clicking the Edit Account Settings link within the My Account
section, however, we may still possess and maintain records that do not reflect any updates that
you provide in this manner.
If you have questions or concerns about our information practices, please contact us using the
information in the “Contacting Us” section of the Privacy Policy, below.
Jurisdiction-Specific Consumer Rights Requests
Access to personal information: In some jurisdictions, you have the right to request access to
your personal
information. In these cases, we will comply, subject to any relevant legal requirements and
exemptions, including
identity verification procedures. Before providing information to you, we will ask for proof of
identity and sufficient
information about your interaction with us so that we can locate any relevant information. We
may also charge you a fee
for providing you with a copy of your information (except where this is not permissible under
local law).
Correction and deletion of personal information: In some jurisdictions, you have the right to
correct or amend your
personal information if it is inaccurate or requires updating. You may also have the right to
request deletion of your
personal information. Please note that such a request could be refused because your personal
information is required to
provide you with the services you requested (e.g., to send an invoice to your email address), or
because it is required
by the applicable law.
Marketing preferences: If you have provided us with your contact information, we may, subject to
any applicable Spam Act
or similar regulation, contact you via e-mail, postal mail or telephone about Sur La Table
services that may be of
interest to you.
You can also request changes to your account and marketing preferences by emailing Sur La Table
at
customerservice@surlatable.com.
California Shine the Light Law: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users who
are California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of
charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for
direct marketing purposes in
the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a
request, please send an e-mail
with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to customerservice@surlatable.com or
write us at: Customer Service, Sur La Table, PO Box 840, Brownsburg, IN 46112.
How We Protect And Store Information
Sur La Table uses physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards intended to protect Personal
Information. However, since no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security
of Personal Information or Browsing Information. In addition, any information you include in a
product review or post to any message board, discussion group, or other public posting area on
the Site is available to anyone with Internet access.
If you create an account on the Site, you may be asked to choose a password for your account,
which can be used to access information associated with your account (including Personal
Information). You should choose a password that is not easy to guess. Do not Process your
password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password and account, and we will attribute activities that occur using your account information
(e.g., through the use of your password) to you. If you suspect that your password has been
compromised, change it immediately, or contact us at customerservice@surlatable.com.
We retain information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which you provided the
information, to comply with law legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce agreements
and similar essential purposes.
Links To Other Sites
The Site contains links to Third Party Services, such as Social Media, that are not operated by
us. When you click these
links, you are navigating away from the Site. A link to a Third Party Service does not mean that
we endorse it or the
quality or accuracy of information presented on it. If you decide to visit a Third Party
Service, you are subject to its
privacy practices and policies, not ours. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal
Information that you
provide to these other websites and services.
We also may from time to time offer services that are co-branded (i.e., operated in partnership
with an unaffiliated
business). We and our co-branding partner may collect Personal Information on co-branded
websites or services. Our
processing of your Personal Information is subject to this Privacy Policy but the processing of
your Personal
Information by a co-branding partner is subject to its privacy policy and practices, not ours.
Children's Privacy and Note to Parents and Guardians
SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13 years of age. If we
become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age
of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our
database. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13, and you believe that
your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the information in
the “Contacting Us” section at the end of this Privacy Policy.
California Minors:While the Site is not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you
are a California resident who is under age 18 and
you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us, you may
request removal by contacting
us at: customerservice@surlatable.com. When
requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want
removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the
information was entered, so
that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that: (1) federal
or state law requires us
or a third party to maintain; (2) was not posted by you; (3) is anonymized so that you cannot be
identified; (4) you
don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (5) you received
compensation or other
consideration for providing the content or information. Removal of your content or information
from the Site does not
ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the
systems of our service
providers. We are not required to delete the content or information posted by you; our
obligations under California law
are satisfied so long as we anonymize the content or information or render it invisible to other
users and the public.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California Code Section 1798.83 permits individual California residents to opt-out of our
disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may
choose to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for marketing
purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to our contact address below or by
sending us an email to customerservice@surlatable.com. Please note that this opt-out does not
prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes. California law also permits residents of
California to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third
parties (if any) to whom we have disclosed personal information for their direct marketing
purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to
those third parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this
information, please submit your request by email to customerservice@surlatable.com or by writing
to the contact address below. The email’s subject line or the mailing envelope must include the
phrase “California Privacy Rights.” The body of the email or letter also must include
“California Privacy Rights,” as well as your email address (if you wish to receive a response
via email) or street address, city, state, zip code (if you wish to receive a response via
mail). We will not accept requests via telephone or facsimile.
If you are a California resident under age 18 and are a registered user of any of the Site, then
you may request that we remove any content that you publicly posted on the Site. To request
removal of your content, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific
content to customerservice@surlatable.com..
We reserve the right to request that you provide information that will enable us to confirm that
the content that you want removed was created and posted by you.
We will make a good faith effort to delete or remove your content from public view as soon as
reasonably practicable. Please note, however, that your request that we delete your content does
not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content. Your content may remain on backup
media, cached or otherwise retained by us for administrative or legal purposes or your content
may remain publicly available if you or someone else has forwarded or re-posted your content on
another website or service prior to its deletion. We also may be required by law to not remove
or allow removal of your content.
Information We Collect
Our Site collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of
being associated with,
or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
(“personal information”). In
particular, the Site collects or may have collected the following categories of personal
information in the last twelve
(12) months. We obtain the categories of personal information as described below and in the “How
We Collect Information”
section above.
We may collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers. Such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online
identifier, Internet
Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)). Such
as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number,
passport number, driver’s
license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment,
employment history, bank
account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information,
medical information, or
health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may
overlap with other categories.
Commercial information. Information about your transactions with us, such as your order
details and any other
information we need to provide our services, such as payment information and order history.
Internet or other similar network activity. Such as browsing history, search history,
information on a consumer’s
interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation information. Such as physical location or movements.
Professional or employment-related information. Such as current or past job history or
performance evaluations.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the business
purposes indicated in the
“How We Process Information” section above.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information
we collected for
materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we
disclose personal information
for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
recipient to both keep that
personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal
information with the categories of third parties listed in the “How We Share Information”
section above.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal
information for a business
purpose:
Identifiers;
California Customer Records personal information categories;
Internet or other similar network activity;
Geolocation information; and
Professional or employment-related information.
We do not sell personal information. In the event that we do sell any personal information, we
will update this Privacy
Policy to list the categories of consumers’ personal information sold.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal
information. This
section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Access Specific Information and Data Portability Right
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection
and use of your personal
information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request, we will
disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data
portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, the business purpose for
which personal information
was disclosed, and the personal information categories that each category of recipient
obtained.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected
from you and retained,
subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we
will delete (and direct
our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception
applies.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the access, data portability and deletion rights described above, please submit a
verifiable consumer
request to us by either:
Calling us at: 800-243-0852
Emailing us at: customerservice@surlatable.com
Mailing us at: Customer Service, Sur La Table, PO Box 840, Brownsburg, IN 46112
For submissions via email, please complete and send us a completed copy of this
Verifiable Consumer Request Form.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act
on your behalf, may
make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
You may only make such a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer
request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the
person about whom we
collected personal information or an authorized representative, and describe your request with
sufficient detail that
allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify
your identity or
authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a
verifiable consumer request
does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information
provided in a verifiable
consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its
receipt. If we require more
time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will
deliver our written
response electronically. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period
preceding the receipt of the
verifiable consumer request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot
comply with a request, if
applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal
information that is readily
useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity
without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is
excessive, repetitive, or
manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we
made that decision and
provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise
the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page
periodically for any updates. If we make material changes to the way we use Personal Data, we
will post a notice about the changes prominently in the Site. Your continued use of the Site
after the Effective Date constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. The amended
Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions.
Governing Law; Visitors Residing Outside The United States
This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of our Site and Sur La Table are governed solely
under the laws of the
State of Washington (in the United States of America), without regard to its conflict of law
principles and are binding
upon the parties hereto in the United States and worldwide. You and we agree that the United
Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to the interpretation or
construction of this Privacy
Policy or any other terms related to your use of the Site.
For those who use our Site and reside outside the United States are responsible for compliance
with local laws. If you
reside outside of the United States, by using our Site, you consent to the collection, transfer,
storage, processing and
use of your personal information in the United States of America in accordance with this Privacy
Policy.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR DAMAGE TO REAL,
TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE
PROPERTY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE.
YOU AGREE THAT OUR MAXIMUM LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS LIMITED TO THE
GREATER OF THE TOTAL
AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US THROUGH THE SITE DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT
GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY
AND $1,000.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY,
THE EXCLUSIONS AND
LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY TO YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE,
HOWEVER, THAT OUR
LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
You acknowledge and agree that the above limitations of liability, together with the other
provisions regarding your use
of the Site that limit liability, are essential terms and that we would not be willing to grant
you the right to sue the
Site but for your agreement to the above limitations of liability.
Contacting Us
If you have any remaining questions about how we treat your privacy, just let us know. You can
contact us by:
Calling us at: 800-243-0852
Emailing us at customerservice@surlatable.com.
Mailing us at: Customer Service, Sur La Table, PO Box 840, Brownsburg, IN 46112
Legal
Terms of Use
By using our website, you acknowledge and agree that:
www.surlatable.com is not liable for any damages
related in any way to your use of or inability to access this site.
This site may contain errors.
We cannot guarantee that this website is free of viruses or other harmful elements.
You are responsible for any costs associated with servicing your equipment as a result of
using this site.
Use is completely at your own risk.
Sur La Table makes every effort to present complete and current information regarding our company
and the products we carry. We apologize for any errors, but we make no warranties, express or
implied, regarding accuracy - at times, the available images do not accurately depict the
product. Any incomplete information, typographical errors or inaccuracies are unintended. We
reserve the right to correct or update information at any time, without prior notice.
Discontinued or currently unavailable merchandise may be removed from the site. If such
merchandise is not removed and we cannot provide it, we will try to locate the product at one of
our retail locations or assist you in making an alternate selection, but cannot guarantee our
success. If you are unable to locate a product, a service or the information that you recall
from a previous visit,please send us an email and we
will make every effort to assist you.
While under no obligation to do so, we do attempt to respond to questions and comments submitted
via e-mail. Although we value our customers' feedback, please do not submit any proprietary
information, suggestions or materials via e-mail or our website. We are not obligated to
compensate you for such submissions, which will become the property of Sur La Table. By
submitting such materials, you release your proprietary, intellectual property and all other
rights.
Material which violates or infringes upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, threatening,
abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane, indecent
or otherwise objectionable, which encourages conduct constituting a criminal offense, gives rise
to civil liability or otherwise violates any law will not be posted on or transmitted via our
website. We will not permit any conduct that, in Sur La Table's judgment, restricts or inhibits
others from using or enjoying our website.
Copyright
www.surlatable.com contains copyrighted material,
trademarks and other proprietary information including, but not limited to text, software,
photos, and graphics. The entire content of our website is copyrighted as a collective work
under United States copyright laws. No user may modify, publish, transmit, create derivative
works, or in any way exploit any of the content of this website. Except as otherwise expressly
permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, publication or commercial
exploitation of downloaded material from www.surlatable.com is permitted without express written
permission from us and any other copyright owner.
If any copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material is expressly permitted, no
changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark, legend or copyright notice shall be
made. Each user acknowledges that he or she does not acquire any ownership rights by downloading
copyrighted material. The user shall be liable for any damages resulting from any infringement
of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from any uploading, downloading
or submission.
Trademarks
Sur La Table®, Sur La Table®, SLT®, and Make It Merry® are registered trademarks of Sur La Table,
Inc. All other trademarks, product and company names, and logos appearing on www.surlatable.com
are the property of their respective owners.
Product Liability
We are not responsible for any personal injuries or property damage allegedly resulting from
products sold through any of our channels of business. Users should use their best judgment when
purchasing a product.
Kids
At www.surlatable.com we are interested in protecting the
safety and privacy of children. Please obtain permission from your parents or guardians before
using this website. We encourage parents to participate in their children's activity on the
Internet and use filtering software if appropriate.
Customer Service
Contact Us
Check Order Status
Shipping
Returns & Exchanges
Guarantee
Accessibility
FAQs
Cooking Class FAQs
Site Feedback
ABOUT SUR LA TABLE
ABOUT US
CAREERS
PRIVACY
MEDIA RELATIONS
AFFILIATE PROGRAMS
COUPONS
#MAKEMORE
Sign up for our emails and receive $15 off your next order of $75 or more.*
Enter Your Email
SIGN UP
Follow Us
*Exclusions apply.
© 2020 Sur la Table, Inc. | 317.559.2041 | Site Map
close ×
Connect with us
$15 OFF YOUR ORDER*
Sign Me Up
*Order of $75 or more. Excludes sale and clearance. New subscribers only.
[+] Share feedback with us