http://www.bagsunlimited.com/topic/privacy
Login
View Cart (0)
View Wishlist (0)
Checkout
Collection Protection Supplies
1-800-767-2247
Toggle navigation
Categories
Archival Storage Kits
Holiday Gift Ideas
Wholesale Price Guidelines
Weekly Deals
Audio Supplies
Carryout Bags
Coin & Currency Collection Supplies
Comic Collection Supplies
Solid Wood Assembled Frames
Crystal-Clear Box Protectors
Custom-Printed Items
Digital Photo
Displays
Display Supplies
DVD Collection
Protection Supplies
Ephemera Supplies
Film Supplies
Frames and Supplies
Gift Certificates
Greeting Card Supplies
Mat Board & Supplies
Packing Supplies
Periodical Collection Protection Supplies
Photo Supplies
Negative & Slide Supplies
Polyester (Mylar) & Backings
Postcard Collection Protection Supplies
Print & Poster Supplies
Shipping Supplies
Stamp Collection Supplies
Trading Card Collection Supplies
Video Game Box Supplies
VHS Collection Protection Supplies
FREE GIFTS With Purchase
Bonus Points
CLOSEOUT ITEMS
OVERSTOCK
BOX ASSEMBLY INSTRUCTIONS
SEE MORE CATEGORIES
Special Offers
New Items
BLOG
Featured Items
Shipping
Privacy Statement for Bags Unlimited Inc.
Bags Unlimited Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: www.bagsunlimited.com  and www.bagssuperstore.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.  Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The information we may ask you to input includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, shipping information, and a password.  We collect some or all of this information when you purchase items through our electronic commerce offerings or if you register to choose to participate in other interactive offerings on our website.  We may use the personal information you provide to process purchases of Bags Unlimited Inc. merchandise, to deliver products and prizes to you, and to communicate with you directly.  We may also send e-mails to you regarding promotions, newsletters, new offerings, or features.
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third parties not affiliated with Bags Unlimited Inc.
Not Sharing Personal Information
Please know that any personal information that you provide to us is voluntary on your part and not required by Bags Unlimited Inc.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
webmaster@bagsunlimited.com
Home    About Us    Contact Us    Customer Service    Security    Privacy Policy
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Please select an item and add it to your cart.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty. Please select an item and add it to your wishlist.
Total:
$0.00
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...