http://www.redwagons.com/terms_privacy.asp
Stuffed Animals
Stuffed Animals A-Z
Extra Large Stuffed Animals (28"+)
World's Softest Stuffed Animals
Teddy Bears
Dogs
Cats
Accessories
Bags, Purses, & Backpacks
Deluxe Bows, Candy & Chocolates
Keychains & Clips
Cleaning & Repairs
Shop by Brand
Aurora
New Category
Aurora Baby
Bears
Dreamy Eyes
Fancy Pals Pet Carriers
Flopsies
Mini Flopsies
Pink Panther
Super Flopsies
YooHoo & Friends
Hansa
Jellycat
Merry Makers
Beverly Hills Teddy Bear
Animals
Baby
Everyday
Floppy Farmyard Friends
Leggles
Poshies
Religious Christian Toys
Teddy Bears
World's Softest Teddy Bear
Pillow Pets
Disney- Classic
Douglas
Ganz
Giant Microbes
Gund
Baby Gund
Teddy Bears
Kids Preferred
Harley Davidson
Biscuit
Spot
Puff the Magic Dragon
Guess How Much I Love You
Peter Rabbit
Goodnight moon
Pat the bunny
The World of Eric Carle
Disney Princess
Winnie the Pooh
Baby Dolls
Amazing Baby
Kimmidoll Junior
Arthur
Elmer
Greenzys
Gruffalo
Healthy Baby
Label Loveys
Martha
Mickey Mouse
Smarty Kids
Special Delivery
Squaredy Cats
Cuddle Barn
Jaag
Maggie's Organics
Manhattan Toy
Groovy Girls RSVP
Mary Meyer
Critter Calls
Earthmates
Flip Flops
Mary Meyer Baby
Mary Meyer TAGGIES
Puffer Bellies
Sweet Rascals
Teddy Bears
Yakety Yaks
Young Ones
Mask U.S.
Melissa & Doug
Cars and Trucks
Doll Houses, Castles, Stables
Plush
Pretend Play
Puzzles
Nat & Jules
Perfect Petzzz
Plushland
StuffedAnimals.com
Ty
Beanie Babies
Beanie Babies 2.0
Beanie Buddies
Classic
Hello Kitty
Max and Ruby
Nascar
Nick Jr's Ni Hao, Kai-Lan
Pet Toys
Blue's Clues
Dora the Explorer
Garfield
Pluffies
Spongebob Squarepants
Wow! Wow! Wubbzy
The Backyardigans
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs
TY Girlz
Wild Republic
Wild Republic Cuddlekins
Ty Beanie Babies
Baby
Nav Menu 3
Customer Support
Login
Order Status
Change Order
Cancel Order
Return Order
About Us
FAQs
Site Map
Wholesale Orders
Product Index
Nav Menu 6
Catergories
Stuffed Animals A-Z
Extra Large Stuffed Animals (28"+)
Teddy Bears
Ty Beanie Babies
Baby
Dogs
Cats
Shop by Brand
New Category
TV & Cartoon Characters
Shop by Occasion
Shop by Holiday
Accessories
Christmas Items
Nav Menu 8
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as email, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send you a help related and/or incentive email if you have created a shopping cart, but haven't completed checkout. We do this to assist our customers who may be having trouble completing checkout.
If you have opted-in to receive our email newsletter, we may send you periodic emails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional email from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters, you will not receive these emails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our email list and receive email communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include StuffedAnimals.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on April 1, 2008.
Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.