https://www.lebanesebooks.com/terms-conditions
×
Confirmation
Continue shopping
Checkout
×
Product
Categories
Books in English
+-
History & Politics
Literature & Poetry
Novels & Non-Fiction
Cultures & Faith
Art & Archaeology
Pictorial & Travel
Children's
Levantine Cuisine
Middle East Business
Books in French
+-
History & Politics
Literature & Poetry
Novels & Non-Fiction
Cultures & Faith
Art & Archaeology
Children's
French Curriculum
Books in Arabic
+-
Learn Arabic / Curriculum
History and Politics
Literature and Poetry
Novels & Non-Fiction
Cultures and Faith
Children's
Books in Other Languages
Dictionaries
+-
English - Other(s)
French - Other(s)
Arabic - Arabic
Armenian Topics
Antiquarian Books
Music - Film & Related
Prints & Posters
+-
Antique
Mostapha Farroukh
Prisse D'Avennes
Other
Classroom Posters
Postcards
Save on Bundles
Digital Products
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This site is owned and operated by Lebanese Books, Inc, a Georgia State incorporated entity DBA LebananeseBooks.com.
LebaneseBooks.com provide website Products and Services to you when you visit or shop at from its catalogue. You may access our website from your PC, Tablet, Phone or any other medium that uses the internet to connect to us on the World Wide Web. LebaneseBooks.com provide its services subject to the following conditions.
By using LebaneseBooks.com, you would be agreeing to these conditions. Please read them carefully:
We offer a wide range of products including books, ebooks, Digital Files of various types, Artwork of various kinds, Film, Video, DVD or links to non- copyrighted material or any other product or type of product or services we deem to be worthwhile and legal. Sometimes additional terms may apply
When using LebaneseBooks.com, you would agree to provide all the information necessary to use the services provided by our company. Information submitted is deemed to remain secure and will be used solely for the purpose of completing an order and for enhancing our services.
Users may at times be required to adhere to additional Terms and Conditions of usage in various cases such as changing a user’s profile or password, or ordering Gift Certificates or other services or products.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of the Services provided by LebaneseBooks.com.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you use services provided by LebaneseBooks.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You therefore consent to receive
communications from us electronically as a primary medium of communication. When we communicate with you by e-mail, you would be in agreement with all notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included in or made available through any webpage of LebaneseBooks.com, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of LebaneseBooks.com or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
TRADEMARKS
All trademarks not owned by LebaneseBooks.com that appear in services provided by LebaneseBooks.com are the property of their respective owners.
LICENSE AND ACCESS
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use fees, LebaneseBooks.com grant users a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of its services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any service, contents, any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use are reserved and retained by LebaneseBooks.com or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights holders, or other content providers. No LebaneseBooks.com service or any part of may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of LebaneseBooks.com.
YOUR ACCOUNT
The maintenance of confidentiality of an account at LebaneseBooks.com remains the responsibility of the user via safeguarding details of log-in and password details, and via restricting access to his or her computer. Users agree to take responsibility for all activities that occur under their account or password.
AGE OF USER
Users have to be 18 years of age to use the services provided by LebaneseBooks.com. Those persons under the age of 18 may use our services only with the authorization, consent, and the supervision of a parent or a guardian.
REVIEWS AND COMMUNICATION
Users may post product reviews or submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing on intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties, objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam."
False e-mail addresses, impersonating any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a content may be removed or edited.
Communication with LebaneseBooks.com in the form of posting reviews or commenting in any form would grant LebaneseBooks.com a nonexclusive access, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, display or use in any form, and anywhere.
By submitting reviews or any other kind of communication with LebaneseBooks.com a user would therefore warrant that he or she own, control or are licensed to use such review or communication and bear the responsibility of any misuse, be it financial or moral. LebaneseBooks.com retains the right to monitor or remove any such communication and takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by a user or a third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
LebaneseBooks.com respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us.
RISK OF LOSS
All services purchased from LebaneseBooks.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. The risk of loss and title for such services pass to the user upon our delivery to the shipping carrier.
RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE
LebaneseBooks.com guarantees your satisfaction and offers you returns on a “no question asked” basis on all purchases. The lapse of period under which returns can still be made, however, differs from one item to another as follows:
DUE ERROR BY LEBANESEBOOKS.COM
LebaneseBooks.com would take full responsibility for errors made by its personnel in the processing and readying for shipment an order. In this case, LebaneseBooks.com would issue a full refund including any initial shipping cost paid by the user, and would also pay for the return of the product(s) in question. Errors made by LebaneseBooks.com include dispatching different products from what was ordered, the quality of the product shipped is unlike or not in the same condition of the product description or the picture(s) of the product.
For any other reason of return, the following policies apply:
Books:
1. All “Brand New” books published in the USA or Canada
These can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 30 day period from delivery. These books, however, are expected to be in the same “brand new” original condition that would allow us to resell them as new.
2. Imported “Brand New” Books from the Middle East:
These can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 15 day period from delivery. These books, however, are expected to be in the same “brand new” original condition that would allow us to resell them as new.
3. Used and Antiquarian Books:
These can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 7 day period from delivery. These books, however, are expected to be in their original purchased condition that would allow us to resell them in their “as they were state”.
4. A Combination of two or more of the above book categories:
In the event you wish to return two or more books from a combination of the above book categories, you may do so for a full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 15 day period from delivery. Kindly bear in mind that these books will have to be in the state of the respective categorie(s) described above.
Film, Music, and Sofware:
These can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 30 day period from delivery. As you may know, manufacturers do not accept to take back any opened VHS tape, DVD or CD-ROM unless defective. Therefore, if to be returned, these items must be unopened, in their original wrapping and packaging, which would allow us to resell them as new. Defective items can be exchanged only with the same title.
Prints/Postcards/Bazaar items:
Prints, Postcards, and Bazaar items (both, antique or new) can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 15 day period from the date of delivery. The returns however are expected to be in their original state (new or as per their original purchase description and product picture details).
Any combination of items purchased from the above various categories:
If you wish to return simultaneously two or more items from 2 or more categories above, then these items may be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost and cost of return) within a 15 day period from the date of delivery. The returns however are expected to be in their original state (new, used or as per the antique item description and picture description).
DIGITAL PRODUCTS
For obvious reasons, digital products or files that have been downloaded and their delivery have been completed and have thus become in the in the possession of the user, they would then no longer be eligible for full or partial refund.
OTHER PRODUCTS
Other products (both, antique or new) can be returned for full refund (excludes initial shipping cost) within a 15 day period from delivery. The returns however are expected to be in their original state (new or as per their original purchase description and product picture details).
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
LebaneseBooks.com attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, it is not warranted that product descriptions or other content of any LebaneseBooks.com service is fully accurate, complete, reliable, current, error-free or defect-free. If a user acquires a product that is not as described then he or she may return it for a full refund inclusive of both original and return shipping cost borne by the user.
PRICING
Most of the products offered at LebaneseBooks.com are imported from other countries or acquired on the 2nd Hand and Antiquarian markets domestically or abroad. Prices of imported products have built-in cost elements of shipping, insurance, import duties, and US Customs clearing charges on top of the original cost of the product.
Brand New products acquired from US sources are always offered to users at or below the Manufacturer’s or Publisher’s Suggested or Recommended Retail Prices.
Our promise to users is to always offer and maintain reasonable prices and provide great savings over their ability to purchase products singularly or in small numbers from overseas and have shipping charges applied to them. It is the fact that we import our products in great volumes that enable us to usually offer the best prices and sometimes, though rarely, mere competitive prices.
Quotes for fulfillment of products or services not currently or generally in stock at LebaneseBooks.com would be provided upon demand, within a reasonable time. Quotes for such special imports would be dependent on the source(s) of the product(s), their total weight, and the time frame in which the order is requested to be fulfilled. Import duties for such special orders would also be included in the quotes.
CHARGES AND PAYMENT
LebaneseBooks.com only charges a Credit Card once an order is being readied for shipment. In the case of Digital Product, charges take place once the download is initiated.
LebaneseBooks.com accepts payment via Credit or Debit Cards using Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover Cards and via PayPal. Money Orders, Electronic Checks and Personal Checks mailed in are also acceptable. These latter however must be deposited and credited to our Account prior to the release of the orders to Shipping.
SHIPPING AND DELIVERY
In processing an order for shipping, LebaneseBooks.com may choose to use any of a number of carriers for delivery.
LebaneseBooks.com would use a tracking system whenever such options are available and will communicate such tracking details with the customer.
It is well worth noting that estimated delivery periods may be impacted by holidays, holiday period rush, weather conditions, political action such as labor movement, civil unrest or other, Act of God, or any other reason.
Delivery time estimates are not and cannot be warranted. The shipping carrier would hold any responsibility for any delay, loss or damage to orders.
LebaneseBooks.com may not, in any case or circumstance, be held responsible for any delays by the carrier.
DISPUTES
Disputes or claims fully or partially related to the use of any service at LebaneseBooks.com will be resolved by direct mutual agreement and failing this by binding arbitration, rather than in court. However a user may elect to assert his or her claims in Small Claims Courts if such claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
OTHER POLICIES
To familiarize yourself with the overall policies of using LebaneseBooks.com, please review other policies and agreements such as our Privacy Statement, Domestic and International Shipping. These other policies also govern the use of
LebaneseBooks.com
LebaneseBooks.com reserves the right to change, alter, update any or all its Policies, Service Terms and Conditions of use at any time by simply posting such updates on its site.
Thank you for your Interest,
we Look Forward to the Opportunity to Serve you.
Lebanese Books
About Us
Privacy Policy
Our Pledge
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Shipping USA
Shipping Int'l
Returns
Contact Us
Promotions
Gift Certificates
Newsletter
Specials
Combine & SAVE
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Register
© 2017 Lebanese Books Inc.