https://www.andysmall.co.uk/privacy-policy/
phone: 01256 322600
email: andy@andysmall.co.uk
Contact
Blog
Events
How to Buy Prints
Prints On Canvas
Prints On Paper
Toughened Glass Splash backs and prints on glass
Galleries/Shop
About
Home
Home / Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how we collect, use, transfer and disclose personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that we may obtain about you through this website.
1) This website (https://www.andysmall.co.uk/) is owned and operated by Andy Small Fine Art Photography.
2) This website is hosted by third party service providers on servers located in the UK. Personal information is gathered, stored and processed using servers located in the UK and the United States. By using this website or submitting any personal information to Andy Small Fine Art Photography, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this privacy policy.
3) Personal information is gathered and managed by Andy Small Fine Art Photography in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR. Andy Small Fine Art Photography endeavours to keep all personal information up to date, and manages appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information we hold.
4) If Andy Small Fine Art Photography holds your contact details, we will use them only for contacting you in connection with any enquiry or other request you have made.
5) Andy Small Fine Art Photography will not sell or transfer your contact details on to third parties, except if required to by law.
6) By making any enquiry or other request, you agree that Andy Small Fine Art Photography can access, process and retain any personal information that you give us for the purposes of managing your enquiry or request.
7) In order to request a quote, you must opt-in to give your consent to receive information from Andy Small Fine Art Photography.
8) If Andy Small Fine Art Photography holds your contact details, you have the right to find out what those details are, to have your details updated or corrected, or to have them removed from our database. Please email info@andysmall.co.uk, and your request will be actioned upon receipt.
9) Andy Small Fine Art Photography uses only cookies of Category 1 (strictly necessary) and Category 2 (performance) which are anonymous and aggregated. No personal data is stored or tracked. Category 3 (functionality) and Category 4 (targeting or advertising) cookies are not used on this website. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
10) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service by Google (www.google.com/policies/privacy) Information about your use of this website is collected via cookies and transferred to and stored on servers of Google located in the US and elsewhere.
11) Andy Small Fine Art Photography does not use tracking links in any email messages that we may send to you.
12) Nothing in this privacy policy affects any rights you or Andy Small Fine Art Photography may have under data protection legislation.
BasketGalleries
Select a category
7 x 5 greetings cards
Aluminium Panoramic
Aluminium Square
Andy Small A3 Calendar 2021
Bluebells
Bluebells, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Bluebells, Prints on Paper
coasters
Devon and Cornwall
Devon and Cornwall, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Devon and Cornwall, Prints on Paper
Fruit and Vegetables
Fruit and Vegetables, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Fruit and Vegetables, Prints on Paper
gift vouchers
Glass Wall Clocks
Glass Worktop Savers
Greetings Cards
Impressionist images
Impressionist images on canvas and glass
Impressionist images on paper
Inverted images – Early Work
Inverted images, prints on canvas and glass
Inverted images, prints on paper
Lake District
Lake District, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Lake District, Prints on Paper
Landscape
large square greetings cards
Macro – In the field
Macro – In the field, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Macro – In the field, Prints on Paper
Macro – in the studio, prints on canvas and glass
Macro – in the studio, prints on paper
Macro – Seedheads
Macro in the studio – Black Backgrounds
Macro In the studio – Early Work
northumberland
Northumberland, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Northumberland, Prints on Paper
panoramic greetings cards
Prints on Aluminium
scotland
Scotland, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Scotland, Prints on Paper
Seedheads, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Seedheads, Prints on Paper
small square greetings cards
Studio – Black Backgrounds, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Studio – Black Backgrounds, Prints on Paper
Trees
Trees, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Trees, Prints on Paper
Wales
Wales, Prints on Canvas and Glass
Wales, Prints on Paper
Shop Search
Search for:
Search
Contact Andy
You can reach Andy using the contact page, or alternatively you can email andy@andysmall.co.uk.
Upcoming Events
Talk to Wokingham and East Berkshire Camera Club
March 11, 2021 @ 7:30 pm - 9:30 pm
Talk to Swindon Photographic Society
March 18, 2021 @ 8:00 pm
Talk to Wallingford Photographic Club
March 25, 2021 @ 8:00 pm - 10:00 pm
Talk to Woking Photographic Society
April 6, 2021 @ 8:00 pm
Talk to Backwell Camera Club
April 8, 2021 @ 8:00 pm
View All Events
View all upcoming shows and exhibitions.
View all upcoming talks and courses.
Copyright © - Andy Small.
Cards Accepted: Payment secured by WorldPay
How To Buy Prints |
Prints On Canvas |
Prints On Paper |
Prints On Glass
Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy | Web Design
01256 322600
07944 521367Home
About
Galleries/Shop
How to Buy Prints
Prints On Canvas
Prints On Paper
Toughened Glass Splash backs and prints on glass
Events
Blog
Contact