https://www.minntrapprod.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
Order Info.
|
Free Gift
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Specials
Starter Kits and Package Deals
New
Animal Handing
Baits, Lures, Urines and More
Books and Videos
Chain, Cable, and Wire
Footwear, Gloves, Clothing
Fur Handling
Gift Certificates
Hardware
Set Making Equipment
Snares and Snaring Supplies
Tanned Fur
Tools
Traps
Trap Preparation
Trap Parts
Pest Control
Big Game Hunting and Predator Calling
Digger Anchor - Boat and Ice Gear
Packbaskets, Bags, and Pouches
Setters
View Cart
Account Info
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of  Minnesota Trapline Products, Inc.
Our postal address is
7444 Cty Road 27 NW
Pennock, MN 56279
We can be reached via e-mail at info@mntrapline.com
We do not and will not sell your information.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by  e-mailing us at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at 320-599-4176.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Company Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Order Info.
Returns
Free Gift
Please contact us with any questions, comments, or concerns.
Minnesota Trapline Products
7444 County Road 27 NW
Pennock MN 56279
info@mntrapline.com
320.599.4176 phone
320.599.4314 fax