http://www.hipundies.com/privacy-policy
Navigation
/
Policies and Info/
Hipundies.com Privacy & Security Policies/
Hipundies.com Privacy & Security Policies
Our Commitment to Privacy
The bottom line is we do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties. And we never will. We don't sell email addresses, we don't sell telephone numbers, etc.
We collect information (such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone and credit card numbers), that you provide when you place an order, register with us or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We also maintain a record of your purchases online. Again, we do not sell or share this information with any third party.
How does hipundies.com use my information?
We use your information to process your order. We will also send you emails to confirm your order and may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order. When you register with hipundies.com or participate in a contest or promotion you may choose to receive emails from us regarding our products, services, contests, and promotions. From time to time, we may also send you emails to help us learn more about your shopping preferences. In addition, we may use information about your product interests and purchases to help us improve our site design and your shopping experience.
Does hipundies.com share my information with third parties?
No. Never.
How does hipundies.com make sure my order information is secure?
Protecting your order information is a priority for us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information.
To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active and the server is secure. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https."
Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you won't be able to connect to the server and therefore won't be able to place an order through an insecure connection. If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, please print our order form and place your order by phone, fax or mail.