http://www.henigfurs.com/pages/store-policies
Skip to content
JOIN US
Subscribe to get notified about product launches, special offers and company news.
Subscribe
New ArrivalsWomen
All Furs
Mink Furs
Sable Furs
Chinchilla Furs
Fox Furs
Lynx Furs
Bobcat Furs
Beaver Furs
Rabbit Furs
Knitted Furs
Fur Clearance
USA Made Furs
Leather & ShearlingCashmere & WoolOuterwear/All-Weather
Men
FursCashmere & LeatherAccessories
ChildrenAccessories
Hats, Headbands, EarmuffsGlovesScarves & Fur FlingsBags, Wallets, Key ChainsFur Blankets
Christmas Specials
Finance & Layaway Options
Company
About UsBlogServicesLocationsStore PoliciesPrivacy PolicyCareersSitemap
Account
Your Shopping Cart
Spend $100 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
FUR SALE! 70% OFF + EXTRA 10% APPLIED AT CHECKOUT!
FUR SALE! 70% OFF + EXTRA 10% APPLIED AT CHECKOUT!
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
While visiting henigfurs.com, our commitment to you as a valued customer is to provide an exciting shopping experience, along with the outstanding customer service that Henig Furs is known for.  In doing so, we may obtain information about you so that we may provide you with all of the excellent benefits that henigfurs.com offers. We will not share your information with any third party and will protect your information in a responsible and safe manner. We may from time to time send our customers at henigfurs.com notice of special sales or promotional events using the information that you provide us. To learn more about our policy, your personal information and cookies, visit our Privacy Policy Page.
Security Policy
We want your shopping experience at henigfurs.com to be secure and safe. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) 128 Bit Encryption technology to encrypt your credit card information. SSL is a standard technology which is used by many e-commerce websites to protect your valuable information.
Return Policy
Any item may be returned for a full refund, minus the shipping cost, within 5 days of receipt of merchandise purchased from henigfurs.com.  The garment must not have been worn and all tags should still be attached. Upon the return of item, Henig Furs retains the right to refund purchase amount based on inspection of the garment. Items in clearance cannot be returned for refund, only for exchanges or store credit.
Layaway purchases may be refunded within 5 days of down payment. After 5 days has passed, all monies paid will be credited as an in-store credit.
Returns will take 5-7 Business Days. Returns cannot be done in store. All online purchases must be returned through the site.
Colors
We have done our best to accurately display colors as best as possible. However, colors may vary depending on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that all colors will be an exact match.
Furs
All furs are labeled with their fur origin. Please note that dye may be added to all furs.
Copyright and Trademark
Unless otherwise noted, all materials including logos, brand names, images, designs, photographs, video clips and written and other materials that appear as part of this site are owned by Henig Furs, Inc. Nothing on this site should be used without permission. Henig Furs aggressively enforces its property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name and logo of Henig Furs may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this site, without prior, written permission from Henig Furs. Henig Furs prohibits use of any logo of Henig Furs, or any of its affiliates, as part of a link to or from any web site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by Henig Furs in writing. Fair use of Henig Furs property requires proper acknowledgment.
Shipping
All orders are shipped via FedEx or UPS and require a signature authorization at the time of delivery for purchases over $500. Purchases can only be shipped within the 48 contiguous states of the United States. Customers will receive an email with a tracking number once item has shipped. In the event the customer does not receive the tracking number via email, please call (334) 277-7610 and ask to speak to our Shipping Department.
-Items are ONLY Shipped Monday-Thursday. *In some circumstances, if an in-stock item is ordered late Thursday or early Friday, is to be shipped overnight, and payment has cleared, Henig Furs will process the order and allow Saturday delivery.-Items ordered after 4pm (Central) 2nd Day Air or Overnight will be shipped the following business day-Items ordered after 4pm (Central) Friday 2nd Day Air or Overnight will be shipped on Monday
*Some items are specially made and may take longer to ship. Henig Furs does its best to put custom-made or backorder information on these items, but oversights can occur. Call us if you have questions about your order.
*In some circumstances beyond our control, payments can take up to 2 business days to clear. In these rare events, we will not ship until payment has completed processing.
Thank you,
The Henig Furs Team