http://www.forplaycatalog.com/privacy-policy
NEW
APPAREL
Sexy Dresses
Rompers & Playsuits
Jumpsuits & Unitards
Tops
Bottoms
Bodysuits
Accessories
Activewear
Bride To Be
Birthday Looks
Loungewear
Outerwear
Sets
Dancewear
Sale
Spring Looks
SEXY COSTUMES
All Sexy Costumes
Sexy 2020 Costumes
Top Selling Costumes
Licensed Costumes
Accessories
Alice In Wonderland
Animals
Angels & Devils
Baseball Costumes
Basketball Costumes
Beer Girl
Black Panther
Boxing Costumes
Cavewomen
Celebrity Looks
Cheerleaders
Cops & Inmates
Cosplay
Costume Basics
Cowgirls
Dolls
DIY Costumes
Fairies
Firefighters
Flappers
Football Costumes
Geishas
Genies & Gypsies
Girl Scouts
Goddesses & Gladiators
Group Costumes
Holiday & Santa Sets
Little Red Riding Hood
Maids
Masquerade
Men's Costumes
Mermaids
Military
Mobsters & Gangsters
Mommy and Me
Monsters & Dragons
Ninjas
Nuns
Nurses
Pilots & Stewardess
Pirates
Plus Size
Racer Girl
Referee Costumes
Retro
Ring Leaders & Clowns
Sailors
Schoolgirls
Skeletons
Space
Star Wars
Storybook
Superheroes & Villains
The Wizard of Oz
TV & Movie Characters
Vampires
Witches & Zombies
Sale
LINGERIE
Accessories
Valentines Lingerie
Animal Prints
Babydolls
Bodystockings
Bras
Bridal
Bustiers
Chemises
Corsets
Dancewear
Dresses
Faux/Pleather
Fetish
Garter Slips
Gowns
Hosiery
Panties & Shorts
Plus Size
Robes
Role Play
Rompers
Sets
SleepWear
Teddies
Sale
SWIM
Embellished Bikini Sets
Bikinis
Bottoms
Cover Ups
One Piece
Tops
Sale
FESTIVAL
Accessories
Bodysuits
Bottoms
Dresses
Rompers
Sets
Tops
Sale
PLUS
Plus Lingerie
Plus Costumes
Plus Swim and Activewear
ACCESSORIES
Apparel
Costumes
Dance/Rave
Fetish
Lingerie
Swim
Sale
SALE
Apparel
Lingerie
Costumes
Swim
Dancewear
Accessories
Markdowns
Search
Call Us
Quick Links
FAQs
Returns & Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Special Orders
Privacy and Security
Forplay Catalog collects client information to make your online shopping experience the best on the Internet. We respect your privacy, and assure you that we will maintain and use this information responsibly.
General Browsing
ForplayCatalog.com gathers navigational information about where you go on our Web site. This information allows us to see which areas of ForplayCatalog.com are most visited. This helps us improve the quality of visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. Additional non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding your use of our Web site (such as the time of your last visit to a page on our site).
Disclosure of Personal Information
Any information you provide to us at this site when you establish an account, shop online or request information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information), is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. This information is used to enable ForplayCatalog.com to deliver services to you. To ensure compliance with federal law, Forplay Catalog does not maintain information provided by children under the age of 18.
Your orders placed through ForplayCatalog.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S. and all information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our Web server and internal systems located within the U.S.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public.
Forplay Catalog does not sell or rent your e-mail address to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails, drawings or contests. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence.
If you purchase merchandise through ForplayCatalog.com, your name and mailing address will be added to the Forplay Catalog print Catalog mailing list and database.
Use of Cookies
Forplay Catalog uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies also allow Forplay Catalog to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Forplay Catalog to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within Forplay Catalog Web site. In addition, Forplay Catalog uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping bag and to tell us whether you have previously visited ForplayCatalog.com. This allows registered users to avoid reentering information upon every new visit to our site. If you register or purchase product through ForplayCatalog.com, navigational information from previous browsing visits may be associated with the personal information you provide.
Forplay Catalog E-mail
Forplay Catalog E-Mail allows you to receive exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. If you're not already registered, simply complete our sign up form to receive these special messages. If at any time you would like to stop future delivery of Forplay Catalog E-Mail, please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message or complete the removal from e-mail form. Asking to be removed from Forplay Catalog E-Mail will not prevent you from receiving e-mail confirmations for any order you place at ForplayCatalog.com.
Questions/Changes in Policy
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Forplay Catalog.
QUICK LINKS
BLOG
FAQ'S
PRIVACY POLICY
SIZE CHARTS
TERMS & CONDITIONS
WANNA COLLAB?
CUSTOMER CARE
CONTACT US
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
SHIPPING INFO
TRACK ORDER
WHO WE ARE
POPULAR PRODUCTS
Sexy Dresses
Sexy Costumes
Exclusive Costumes
Licensed Costumes
Sexy Lingerie
Fetish Lingerie
SIGN UP FOR SPECIAL OFFERS
JOIN
Also notify me about New Arrivals!
STAY CONNECTED
Connect on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram
© 2020 ForPlay. All rights reserved.  |  SITE MAP
Providing the highest quality Hollywood-style apparel to the rest of the world!
Lingerie