https://www.1800doorbell.com/privacy/
Privacy Statement
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 11, 20202
LHE, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.1800doorbell.com/ website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.1800doorbell.com/.
1800doorbell.com DOES NOT sell or share your data with any third party sites.
Definitions
ServiceService is the https://www.1800doorbell.com/ website operated by LHE, Inc.
Personal DataPersonal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data ControllerData Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
LHE, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), LHE, Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
LHE, Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
LHE, Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
LHE, Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
LHE, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If LHE, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, LHE, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
LHE, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of LHE, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals Under California Online Privacy Protection Act (Cal CPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. LHE, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where LHE, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics – Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Behavioral Remarketing
LHE, Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords – Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/adsGoogle also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe – Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy
PayPal or Braintree – Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Your Data Subject Rights as a Reviewer
A data subject, a natural person that can be identified or is identifiable by using data, is granted specific rights with respect to dealing with personal data. These data subject rights are specifically discussed in EU GDRP Article 15 to 22.
Data Subject Rights explained
Right to access, see GDPR Article 15
You have the right to know whether your personal data is being processed or not, and if so – how to access it. The store you purchased from needs to inform you about this data processing.
Right to rectification (“Right to edit”), see GDPR Article 16
You have the right to edit personal data if it is incorrect. Judge.me will especially take care of editing review content for you that is displayed incorrectly. Please consider contacting the store you purchased from for editing other personal data.
Right to erasure (“Right to be forgotten”), see GDPR Article 17
You have the right to be forgotten. This means that – upon your written request – a store has to delete personal data collected about you.
Right to restriction of processing, see GDPR Article 18
You have the right to restrict the processing of personal data you provide to the store your purchase from. Judge.me has introduced features that help merchants to exclude individual users (data subjects) proactively from processing data via Judge.me. If the merchant cannot help you, feel free to reach out to us support@judge.me. However, as a data processor we can only act on the store’s request.
Right to be informed, see GDPR Article 19
You have the right to know which personal data is stored and by who it is processed. While this sounds like common sense, with GDPR entering into force, it will become the duty of data controllers to provide this information. Judge.me has introduced a process that makes it easy for you as a reviewer to see and access all the data we have processed as a consequence of your review action.
Right to data portability, see GDPR Article 20
You have the right to receive your data in a structured and processable format. Judge.me has introduced a process that allows you as a reviewer to receive all your data in a language-independent data format that is human-readable as well as easy to process by other systems.
Right to object, see GDPR Article 21
You have the right to object to processing your data or using it for direct marketing purposes. Judge.me has introduced features that help merchants to exclude individual users (data subjects) proactively from processing data and marketing via Judge.me. Additionally, we have introduced reviewer-facing opt-out management for emails sent by Judge.me. In general, the store you purchased from needs to be addressed when you want to make use of your right to object.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, see GDPR Article 22
To our understanding, this right is not linked to the personal data that Judge.me processes on behalf of the merchant.
Please note that Judge.me is not processing any special category data.
Data Subject Rights Request
Please send an email to the store you have purchased from if you want to see what data Judge.me has processed about you. Your data is connected to your email address, so make sure to provide the same email address when you reach out to the store.
You can see an example file of your output here (JSON format).
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: privacy@lheinc.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.1800doorbell.com/privacy
Top CategoriesWired Doorbells
Business Door Chimes
Wired Buttons
Entrance Alerts
Driveway Alarms
My AccountAccount details
Order Tracking
Lost password
Accessibility
Contact Us
Cookie Declaration
© 1800doorbell. 2020. All Rights Reserved
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Youtube
Linkedin
Google +
Doorbells
Wireless Door Chime
Business Door Chimes
Doorbell Extenders
Wired Doorbells
Push Buttons
Wired Buttons
Wireless Button
Doorbell Transformers & Wire
Bells, Buzzers, Shop Bells
Entrance Alerts
Driveway Alarms
Lighting
Battery Operated LED Lights
Flameless LED Candles
Lighting Controls
Touch Remotes for Christmas Lights
Hearing Impaired
Alarm Clocks
Alerts & Notification Devices
Assistive Listening Devices
Resources
Keeping Your Business Safe During This Difficult Time
Doorbell & Wireless Receiver Sounds
Frequently Asked Questions
Safeguard Supply Long Range Alert Series
Product Videos
Lighting Videos
BL200 Cabinet/Closet LED Battery Light Video
BL404 Mini Guide Lights Video
BL600 Battery Operated Deck Marker Lights Video Demo
BL700 Motion Activated LED Deck Marker Light Video
Carlon LED Window Candles Video
1225L Christmas Tree Ornament Light Controller Video
FPC1225 Orange Glow LED Christmas Candle Video
LED Flameless Holiday Candles Video Overview
Rechargeable LED Votive Candle Video
Chime Videos
Carlon Door Chime Video Overview
A Long Range Doorbell for Warehouses & Offices
LRA Series Door Chimes Long Range Wireless Chime Product Video
ERA-UTDCR Long Range Wireless Entrance Alert Video Review
Video Demo – Changing Privacy Codes on Carlon Door Chimes
Honeywell Door Chime Products Video Intro
WC180 Flashing Chime Video Product Review
ERA-UTDCR A Long Range Chime for Business Video
SS4610 Motion Activated Chime Intro Video
RC3250 Wireless Chime Demo
Misc Videos
Bellman & Symfon Alarm Clock for the Hearing Impaired
DCMA-4000 Driveway Alarm Video Overview
Digi-Wave Tour Guide System Video
Williams Sound FM PPA-T46 Voice Transmitter Video Intro
WS-WFM270 TV Talker Amplifying System Video
The Doggie Doorbell Introduction Video
Helpful Articles
DIY Fixes
How To Change The Privacy Codes on Carlon Wireless Chime Devices
Doorbell Repair – How to Fix a Broken Doorbell or Doorbell Button
How Does a Doorbell Really Work?
Do I Need a Doorbell Transformer?
How to Install a Doorbell (Wireless or Wired)
How to Install a Doorbell Button
How to Fix and Replace a Doorbell Button
How to Install a Wireless Doorbell
Troubleshooting Tips for Your Doorbell
How to Install a Home Alarm System
Door Chimes
Get Creative! The Most Interesting Doorbell Ideas…Ever
Doorbell Chimes, Seasonal Themes, and Custom sounds
Choosing the Range of Your Wireless Door Chime
Choosing Doorbells for the Hearing Impaired & Elderly
Changing the Sound on Your Wireless Door Chime
Wired Vs. Wireless Doorbells
Modern Doorbells & Their Future – Wi-fi Connected and Programmable
Reviews & Advice on Choosing the Best Wireless Doorbell
The 20 Most Ridiculous Redneck Doorbells
Using a New Push Button on an Old Carlon Chime
The History of the Doorbell
Top 10 Most Decorative Doorbell Chime Covers & Buttons
Give Me the Bottom Line: Long Range Doorbell Reviews
Driveway Alerts
Reviews and Advice on Purchasing a Wireless Driveway Alarm System
Entrance Alert Articles
How to Choose Right Entrance Alert Chime
Invisible Beam Entrance Alerts Photo Reflective Break Beam Sensors
LED Candles
Reviews and Advice on Choosing the Best LED Candles
Safety
Home Fire Safety Including Tips on Fire Safety for Seniors and Those Hard of Hearing with the NFPA
Security
How Much Are Home Security Systems & How to Choose
Does a Motion Sensor Dog Barking Alarm Really Work?
How to Install Security Camera Systems for Home Surveillance & Home Alarm Systems
How Home Security Systems Work
Top Products to Help Increase Business & Office Security
Company Info
Who We Are
About Us
Contact Us
LHE Brands
The Security2020 Brand
The Doorchime.com Brand
EZ-Tone Entry Alarm
DrivewayAlarm.com
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Accessibility
California Prop 65 Warning
Cookie Declaration
Government Orders Welcome
Policies
My Account
Shipping Policy
Order Tracking
Returns
Keeping Your Business Safe!
Account details
Log In