http://www.suffolkpeanuts.com/catalog/privacy.php?osCsid=qber4jiqu8cec83qpvbkc4o2n5
Home » Catalog » Privacy Notice
My Account | Cart Contents | Checkout
CatalogPeanuts & Peanut ProductsRaw & Cooked NutsChocolate Covered ProductsPlanters' ProductsBrittleGift Boxes / Bags
Categories
Peanuts & Peanut Products (13)Raw & Cooked Nuts (20)Chocolate Covered Products (12)Planters' Products (7)Brittle (2)Gift Boxes / Bags (15)
Information
About UsHistory of the PeanutShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMapContact Us
What's New?
Mixed Nuts (10.3)$8.04
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Manufacturers
Please SelectHampton FarmsOld DominionPlantersPlanters Peanut..
Privacy Notice
The Planters Peanut Center recognizes and
respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers,
registered members ("Members") and users, and has established this
Privacy Policy as a result. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to
inform you of:
the personal information we may collect from you when you
visit our web site, respond to our emails, place orders for flavored
popcorn or other products via mail or fax, or otherwise contact us via
telephone, email, fax or mail,
why we gather information from you,
how we collect it,
how we use it, and
the choices you have regarding our use of personal
information you have provided.
This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which
governs your use of our web site located at www.suffolkpeanuts.com.
The Web Site is owned by Suffolk Peanut Center, Inc. t/a Planters Peanut Center (the "Company").
Note: You must be 18 years or older to use, subscribe or register as a
member of the Planters Peanut Center. The Web Site is a
general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or
disclose personal information from or about children.
Why do we gather information?
The Planters Peanut Center gathers personal information to
help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with
you, to process your peanut orders, to provide an enhanced and more
personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and
message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us.
What information do we gather?
We collect information through our Web Site, emails, mail, fax, and
telephone, including when you:
place an order for gourmet peanuts or other products,
participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes,
promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion
groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and
engage in other activities, services, purchase peanuts, products and resources we make accessible to our customers,
members or users.
Depending on how you interact with us, we collect some or
all of the following types of information:
Your name, address, telephone number, email address,
We do collect financial information (such as
credit card number) on our web site which is used for authorization through Authorize.net.
Payments are processed through a secure connection with a
trusted payment processing system.
products purchased and occasion type (for example, Mother's
Day),
any promotion code and related information
Message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone
numbers and email addresses, and
other information you provide to us, including User
Submissions (defined in the Terms of Use).
Information you provide to us may be collected by us even if
an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed
or otherwise cancelled. Members may also add to their Address Book the
name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom
they may wish to send gifts or expressions. Only Members have the right
to view and edit their Address Book entries.
How we use "Cookies"
A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server
and stored on your computer. We use cookies to let us know that you are
a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to
you. Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the
use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects
of The Planters Peanut Center Web Site, such as the
shopping basket, may not function properly.
How we use the information we collect
We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your
orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping
experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of
offers and discounts from Planters Peanut Center and
our affiliated brands and to enable you to receive credits for
purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. We do
not share any of your information we gather when you are
ordering our gourmet peanuts with anyone else except when it is
required to process and ship your order.
We reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as
required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement
requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the
Web Site, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions,
contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights
or property of the Company, its Affiliates, users, customers,
recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants and
Associates (as these terms are defined in the Terms of Use).
Please note that any personal information you reveal or post
on one our public forums (as defined in the Terms of Use), such as a
message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest,
sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are
not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and
used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. Information
you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own
risk.
Consent to Transfer and Submission
The Planters Peanut Center is operated in the United
States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware
that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the
United States. By using the Web Site or otherwise providing us with
information, you hereby consent to this transfer.
In addition, if you submit data to us about other individuals (such as
your message and gift recipients when you order our flavored popcorn),
you agree that you have obtained consent from each such individual to
the submission, transfer and processing of the information. Although
personal information collected by us through the Web Site, emails,
mail, fax, and telephone is used by us in accordance with this Privacy
Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in
the U.S. may not be as stringent as those in other countries.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Planters Peanut Center wants you to be aware that when
you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or
third-party web sites, you will be subject to the privacy policies and
terms of use of those web sites, not ours. We encourage you to read the
posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to
providing any personal information to, any other web site.
Security and Passwords
We use Authorize.net to process credit card purchases. If you place an order
for peanuts or other product on our Web site, you will be
directed to the Authorize.net web site. Authorize.net's technology encrypts the
credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet
using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology
works best when the Web Site is viewed using Microsoft's Internet
Explorer® or Netscape Navigator®. We use Authorize.net because
we believe it is the safest, most reliable way to purchase online.
However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other network
can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable
efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot
warrant the security of information we receive.
Portions of the Web Site (such as our Member registration and Address
Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will
select a user ID and password (collectively, the "Password"). You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password and for
all activities that occur using your Password, whether or not
authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any
unauthorized use of your Password or accounts.
Third Parties
We do not share personal information you provide with third parties
except when it is required to process and ship your order.
Shopping Cart
0 items
Bestsellers
01.Raw Shelled Peanuts (1 lb.)02.Salted & Roasted Peanuts (In The Shell)03.Roasted-in-Shell Peanuts (1 lb.)04.Single Dipped Peanuts (1 lb.)05.Chocolate Cashews (1 lb.)06.Redskins Spanish Peanuts (12.5 oz.)07.Double Dipped Peanuts (1 lb.)08.Double Dipped Peanuts (1/2 lb.)09.Chocolate Raisins (1/2 lb.)10.Raw-in-Shell Peanuts (1 lb.)
Reviews
Most excellent .. taste texture and fresh thanks! !! ..
Friday 11 December, 2020
10136552 requests since Thursday 19 November, 2009
Copyright © 2020 Planters Peanut CenterPowered by osCommerce