https://www.silverts.com/privacy
The information below is required for social login
Please complete your information below to creat an account.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Password
Confirm Password
Submit
Registered Customers and Nursing Homes
Nursing Home Accounts - Not sure of your account sign in details? Call Customer Service at 1-800-387-7088
Sign in
Forgot Your Password?
Or
New Customers
Create an account to check out faster, manage multiple addresses, track orders, wishlist and more.
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
Are you a Corporate Account?
CREATE A CORPORATE ACCOUNT
Your Privacy
Home
Customer Care
Privacy
Customer Care
Contacting Silverts
Contact Us
Comment Form
About Silverts
About Us
Careers
Security and Privacy
Privacy Policy
Security
Shopping Policy
Terms Of Use
Purchasing
Satisfaction Guarantee
Save the Tax
Returns
Shipping
Our Clothing
Dressing Tips
SilvertsWear
Size Charts
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective January 1, 2020.
Welcome to the Silverts ("Silverts") website, brought to you by Careismatic Brands, Inc. and all its associated brands and divisions. Silverts values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve our customers' shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products, services, contests and promotions. We recognize that we must maintain and use customer information responsibly.
Please read this privacy policy ("Policy") carefully to understand how we will use and protect your personal information. This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it and how we use it. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. We will not collect or share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Policy. The website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13.
If our information practices change in the future, we will let you know by either posting the policy changes on our website or by communicating directly with you.
What kind of information does Silverts collect?
Information you give us.
If you choose to create an account on the website, review one of our products or enter any of our contests, giveaways or surveys, we may ask you to input certain information so that we can authenticate your account and provide you with necessary notifications. This information could include your name, email address and a password.
When you place an order with us, we will ask you to provide certain information for us to process your order including: your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, shopping preferences, and credit card or other payment information.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information from you if you use any of the websites we operate or access the other services we provide (see below). We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers) to fulfill your orders and may receive information about you from them.
How does Silverts use my information?
Information you give us.
We will use this information to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
We ask that, unless specifically requested, you not send us and you not disclose any sensitive personal information (e.g., Social Security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the website or otherwise to us.
Information we collect about you.
We will use pseudonymized and/or aggregated portions of your information:
- to administer the website and for internal operations including data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
- to improve the website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; and
- as part of our efforts to keep the website safe and secure.
Does Silverts share my information with third parties?
We may share your information with business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Third-Party Web Beacons: We may use third-party web beacons to collect non-identifiable and/or pseudonymized data in order to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website, which non-identifiable data may be shared with third parties. We may also use non-identifiable and/or pseudonymized data about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve our products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We require that all third parties with whom we share identifiable data treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations including, but not limited to, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, UK Data Protection Act and similar consumer legislation from time to time in place.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
- If we are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
- If substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers may be one of the transferred assets.
- If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of website use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Except as described above, we do not share, rent or sell any information we collect online to any unaffiliated third party.
What are cookies? How does Silverts use cookies on its site?
A cookie is a small data file that websites often store on your computer's hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information, such as a unique user ID that websites use to track the pages of the sites you've visited. We use cookies but do not store personally identifiable information in your cookie.
We will use cookies to collect technical information about where you are on the internet (e.g. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, and the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, to keep you logged in (if you have signed into your website account) and/or provide you with a continuous interactive website experience tailored to your region and language preferences.
We also use pixel tags to collect non-identifiable and/or pseudonymized information about how you view the website. A pixel tag is an invisible tag placed on a website, not on your device, for tracking activity on that website. When you access those pages of the website, pixel tags generate a notice of that visit. Pixel tags usually work in conjunction with cookies.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. Your web browser's help function should tell you how to do this. Alternatively, you can find information about how to do this for all the commonly used internet browsers at http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx. This website will also explain how you can delete cookies which are already stored on your device. If you turn off cookies, though, we will not be able to keep you logged into the site or recognize you as a registered user, which allows you to access your account information.
Your Data Processing Rights
We take reasonable steps to help ensure that the personal information we collect from you is accurate, complete and current. You may request access to your personal information and request that erroneous or inaccurate personal information be updated. You may also request that your personal information and account be deleted. You may invoke these rights by contacting us at 818-671-2100. We will respond promptly to your requests in accordance with applicable law. For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the e-mail address that you use to send us your request and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We may decline to process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical or would cause us to take any action that is not permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by applicable laws, we may need to retain certain personal information for a longer period for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining records relating to your purchases for warranty or accounting purposes.
How do I remove my information from e-mail, phone and postal mailing lists?
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or our affiliated brands, please let us know at any time by either e-mail or postal mail, or by using the "opt-out" link provided at the bottom of each promotional e-mail. If you contact us by e-mail or postal mail, please be sure to include your e-mail address and full name.
In addition, if you ask us to remove your name and address from our e-mail or postal mailing list, we will have to maintain your name in a "do not contact" file to ensure that we can honor your request.
What about links to other websites and services?
The website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies before visiting the websites. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Data Transfer
The website is controlled and operated from the United States and is not intended to subject Silverts to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than the United States. Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have offices or in which our third-party service providers reside.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act to request, by regular or electronic mail, a list of the categories of personal information obtained about you by Silverts and its affiliated partners or vendors. However, as described above, except where necessary to fulfill an order from you for goods or services or as otherwise permitted by applicable law, Silverts will not share your data with third parties unless you consent to such disclosure. Alternatively, you may opt out at any time from any information sharing previously consented to. You may also request a list or the removal of your information from Silverts and its affiliated partners and vendors and Silverts will provide proof of this removal within 90 days.
To view or request that your personal information be removed from Silverts and all affiliated third party partners, please start your request by providing us with your email-address in the box below. Upon completion, we will verify your identity via e-mail and begin executing your request. You will then receive your information or confirmation that your information has been removed from Silverts and all affiliated third party partners within 60 days of your identity verification.
DELETE ME
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under CCPA. This includes the right not to be denied goods or services, not to be charged different rates for goods or services, and not to receive a different level or quality of goods or services from us for your exercise of your privacy rights under CCPA.
Under the California Shine the Light Law, you have the right to request information from us once per calendar year regarding the customer information we share with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To request this information, please provide us with your email-address in the box below and select "Access My Information”.
Do Not Track
You have the ability to enable your browser settings to “Do Not Track.” Doing this sends a signal to websites, ad networks and plug-in providers about your browsing preferences. This website does not currently respond to the Do Not Track browser signal.
Contact
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can always contact Silverts’ customer service in either of these ways: Write to us at Silverts, 9800 De Soto Avenue, Chatsworth, California 91311 or email us at customercare@careismatic.com.
Since
1930
Toll Free: 1-800-387-7088
Phone: 905-738-4545
Email
Order Inquiries & Questions
customercare@silverts.com
Thank you! We have sent a verification link to the email address you submitted. Click on the link and your information will be removed from our site.
GiftIdeas
Free Shippingover $20
What'sNew?
GiftCertificates
Loading...