https://www.designityourselfgiftbaskets.com/page--Privacy-Policy--privacy
CUSTOMER SERVICE
|
LOGIN / CREATE ACCOUNT
|
TRACK ORDERS
|
VIEW CART / CHECKOUT
PRICE:
Any
< $50
$50-$75
$75-$100
> $100
POPULAR
Christmas Baskets
Hanukkah Baskets
Quarantine Baskets
Corporate Gift Center
Free Shipping Specials
Gift Baskets On Sale
Best Sellers
OCCASIONS
Anniversary Gift Baskets
Any Occasion Gifts
Baby Gift Baskets
Birthday Gift Baskets
Congratulations Gifts
Get Well Gifts
Housewarming Gifts
Retirement Gift Baskets
Sympathy Gift Baskets
Thank You Gift Baskets
Wedding Gift Baskets
GOURMET
Breakfast Gift Baskets
Candy Gift Baskets
Chocolate Gift Baskets
Coffee Gift Baskets
Cookie Baskets
Gourmet Gift Baskets
Grilling & BBQ Gifts
Healthy Gift Baskets
Italian Gift Baskets
K-Cup Gift Baskets
Margarita Gift Baskets
Snack Gift Baskets
Starbucks Gift Baskets
Texas Gift Baskets
Wine Gift Baskets
SPECIALTY
Adult Coloring Books
Corporate Gift Baskets
Diaper Cakes
Family Gift Baskets
Fishing Baskets
Gardening Gift Baskets
Gifts for College Students
Gift Baskets for Men
Gift Baskets for Women
Golf Gift Baskets
Movie Gift Baskets
Pet Gift Baskets
Poker Gift Baskets
Spa Gift Baskets
Sports Gift Baskets
Summer Gift Ideas
Tea Gift Baskets
Tennis Gift Baskets
HOLIDAYS
Valentine's Day
St. Patrick's Day
Administrative Professional's Day
Easter
Mother's Day
Father's Day
Grandparent's Day
Boss's Day
Sweetest Day
Thanksgiving
Hannukkah
Christmas Baskets
Christmas Chocolate Gift Baskets
Christmas Coffee Gift Baskets
Christmas Wine Gift Baskets
Christmas Gift Baskets for Groups
Privacy Policy
1. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
Design It Yourself Gift Baskets LLC is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with designityourselfgiftbaskets.com. By accessing designityourselfgiftbaskets.com, you acknowledge and fully understand our Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
2. Participating Clients, Merchant Policies, and Third Party Websites
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including all other websites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Design It Yourself Gift Baskets LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of third-party or client websites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3. Information We Collect and How We Use It
Design It Yourself Gift Baskets LLC collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies. When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage for the purpose of serving our visitors and customers better.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you as you shop and enhance your online shopping experience with us.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Google AdWords/Google Analytics: This website uses Google AdWords’ and Google Analytics' free conversion tracking features on certain pages. If you contact us online, the destination page will have code on it that will help us understand the path you took to arrive on that page. Additionally, we use the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the designityourselfgiftbaskets.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
DoubleClick: We use Google AdWords remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Bing Ads: This website may use Microsoft’s free tracking features on its webpages. In this case, if you contact us online, the destination page will have code on it that will help us understand the path you took to arrive on that page.
Our site's Customer Accounts registration form requires users to give us contact information, such as their name, billing address, and email address. This information is stored for our customers to expedite the Checkout process of future orders. Note, however, that registration is completely optional and orders may be submitted without registering.
Our site includes a Mailing List subscription manager. Customers may choose to join our Mail List if so desired. Subscribing to the Mail List is completely voluntary and not a requirement for use of the site or to make a purchase. Email addresses submitted via our Mail List are used to periodically contact subscribers regarding upcoming sales, seasonal specials, promotions, or to send Discount codes for use on the site. Users may, at any time, opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe from our Mail List.
Our site uses a series of online order forms (Checkout) for customers to purchase our products and services. We collect contact information as part of this process. Contact information from the Checkout process is used exclusively to process customer orders and to contact the customer should that be necessary as part of fulfilling the orders.
The personally identifiable information we collect from you is never shared with third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your requests for services or to conduct our business.
To allow 3rd parties to communicate with you to request Reviews or Ratings for our business, services, or products
To protect ourselves from liability.
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation.
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
Mailing List - Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our Mailing List database to not receive future communications from us:
You can send email to us by visiting the Contact Page
You can visit the Mail List Page to un-subscribe
4. Changes to This Statement
Design It Yourself Gift Baskets LLC has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
5. Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us.
STAY CONNECTED
CUSTOMER SERVICE
POLICIES
Toll Free:
800.589.7553
Service Center
Shipping & Delivery
Houston:
713.944.3440
My Account
Store Policies
Order Tracking
Terms of Service
Houston Courier Delivery
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Affiliate Program
Site Map
© 2002 - 2020 Design It Yourself Gift Baskets, LLC, Houston, Texas.
All Rights Reserved.