https://www.agees.com/about/policies-and-shipping-pg52.htm
Skip to main content
Agee's Web Site Return and Refund Policy
Exchanges
Agee's will exchange current items purchased from our web site if returned with the original box, packaging, all manuals and accessories within 30 days of purchase. All Shipping/Handling charges are paid by you, the customer.
Refunds
Agee's will refund to the original purchaser, less a 15% restocking fee, most  current items if returned with the original box, packaging, all manuals and accessories within 30 days of purchase. Proof of purchase is required for all refunds or exchanges and merchandise must be in new condition, including the original box, packaging, all manuals and accessories. The value of missing items will be deducted from the credit amount of a return. Shipping/Handling costs are not refundable. All shipping costs are the responsibility of you the customer.
Closeouts
Closeout items are sold on a "final sale" basis and as such are final.  No returns or exchanges will be given on these items.
Where to Send
Please ship your package to:
Agee's Bicycle Company, Inc.Attn: Internet Returns/Exchanges7439 West Broad StreetRichmond, VA 23294-3636
In-Store Exchange and Refund Policy
Receipt:
Customers must provide original receipt for all exchanges, returns, price matches, and warranty repair service. Agee's does not maintain records of customer sales receipts.
Exchange and Return Time Period:
24 hours on car racks and car rack accessories
24 hour exchange on bicycles or jogging strollers that have not been used. These items are non-returnable.
30 days for general merchandise
Non-Returnable Items
Items not able to be returned include
Bicycles
Jogging Strollers
Shoes that have been worn or had cleats installed
Damaged or abused items
Tools that have been opened or taken out of their packaging
Items that are missing hardware or accessories
Items whose original packaging is damaged or not present
Gift Cards
Energy Supplements
Used Items
Layaways
Special orders
Refund Method:
Refunds will be given in the same form as the original purchase. However when the item was purchased with cash, in an amount greater than $100, the refund will be given in the form of a mail check within 10 business days of the return. Refunds involving credit, debit or gift cards will be credited first to the original purchasing card and if that is not available then will be credited to a gift card.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for http://www.ageebike.com and http://www.agees.comAgee's Bicycle Company, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.ageebike.com and http://www.agees.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. http://www.ageebike.com and http://www.agees.com are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control using SSL
Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
1.You can send email to info@agees.com'); //--> 2.You can call the following telephone number: 804-672-3441 Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1.Email info@agees.com '); //--> 2.Call the following telephone number: 804-672-3441 Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Agee's Bicycle Company, Inc.7439 West Broad StreetRichmond, VA 23294-3636info@agees.com