http://www.doversaddlery.com/privacy-policy/a/75/dover-library/a/75/#YourCaliforniaPrivacyRights
Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Content
Guaranteed Christmas Delivery! Most in-stock items ship within 48 hrs
TRACKING
GIFT CARDS
Shop
New
Back All New
New Horse and Riding Supplies
New Casual Clothing
New Outerwear
New Riding Breeches
New Kids'
Riding Apparel
Back All Riding Apparel
Breeches
Back All Breeches
Women's Breeches
Winter Riding Pants
Accessories
Equestrian Protective Gear
Back All Equestrian Protective Gear
Riding Helmets
Eventing Vests
Riding Helmet Bags, Covers & Accessories
Riding Gloves
Back All Riding Gloves
Schooling Gloves
Children's Gloves
Show Gloves
Winter Gloves
Barn Gloves
Horse Show Clothing
Back All Horse Show Clothing
Show Shirts
Show Coats
Stock Ties & Pins
Hair Nets & Bows
Casual Riding Clothes
Back All Casual Riding Clothes
Long Sleeve Tops
Short Sleeve Tops
Sleeveless Tops
Equestrian Sweaters
Winter Tops
Equestrian Outerwear
Back All Equestrian Outerwear
Equestrian Jackets & Coats
Casual Riding Vests & Fleeces
Equestrian Hats & Scarves
Riding Socks & Undergarments
Back All Riding Socks & Undergarments
Equestrian Underwear
Equestrian Undergarments
Socks
Equestrian Braces
Plus Sizes
Back All Plus Sizes
Plus Size Breeches
Plus Size Tights
Plus Size Show Clothing
Plus Size Casual Clothing
Equestrian Accessories
Back All Equestrian Accessories
Horse Spurs
Spur Straps
Equestrian Belts
Riding Bags
Eventing Supplies
Other Accessories
Kids'
Back All Kids'
Kids' Breeches & Jods
Kids' Casual Clothing
Kids' Winter Breeches
Kids' Sweaters & Sweatshirts
Kids' Show Shirts
Kids' Outerwear & Vests
Kids' Show Jackets
Boys' Riding Apparel
Kids' Tall Boots
Kids' Paddock Boots
Men's Apparel
Back All Men's Apparel
Men's Breeches
Men's Show Jackets
Men's Outerwear & Vests
Men's Show Shirts
Men's Casual Clothing
Western Riding Apparel
Back All Western Riding Apparel
Men's Western Apparel
Women's Western Apparel
Featured Brands
Back All Featured Brands
TuffRider®
Noble Equestrian
Ariat®
Charles Owen
Horseware®
Kerrits®
LeMieux™
Mountain Horse®
One K
Ovation®
Samshield
Schockemohle
THE TAILORED SPORTSMAN™
Tipperary
Tredstep™
Kids'
Back All Kids'
Kids' Breeches & Jods
Kids' Casual Clothing
Kids' Winter Breeches
Kids' Sweaters & Sweatshirts
Kids' Show Shirts
Kids' Outerwear & Vests
Kids' Show Jackets
Boys' Riding Apparel
Kids' Tall Boots
Kids' Paddock Boots
Riding Boots & Chaps
Back All Riding Boots & Chaps
Riding Boots & Chaps
Back All Riding Boots & Chaps
Featured Brands
Tall Riding Boots
Paddock Boots
Half Chaps
Country & Muck Boots
Winter Riding Boots
Shoes & Clogs
Riding Boot Accessories
Western Boots
Half Chaps
Back All Half Chaps
Half Chaps
Full Chaps
Tall Riding Boots
Back All Tall Riding Boots
Men's Tall Boots
Kids' Tall Boots
Women's Tall Boots
Winter Riding Boots
Back All Winter Riding Boots
Winter Tall Boots
Winter Paddock Boots
Country & Muck Boots
Shoes & Clogs
Riding Boot Accessories
Back All Riding Boot Accessories
Socks
Equestrian Boot Bags
Boot Polish
Boot Pulls, Jacks & Trees
Other Boot Accessories
Paddock Boots
Back All Paddock Boots
Women's Paddock Boots
Kids' Paddock Boots
Men's Paddock Boots
Featured Brands
Back All Featured Brands
Ariat®
TuffRider®
Noble Equestrian
Tredstep™
Mountain Horse®
Horse Tack
Back All Horse Tack
Featured Brands
Back All Featured Brands
Wintec
Bates
Circuit®
Suffolk®
Saddles
Back All Saddles
English Saddles
Used Saddles
Children's Saddles
Adjustable Saddles
Saddle Accessories
English Saddle Covers & Bags
Leather Care Products
Saddle Pads
Back All Saddle Pads
Half Pads
Pony Pads
Dressage Pads
Close Contact
All Purpose
Horse Boots & Wraps
Back All Horse Boots & Wraps
Horse Boots
Horse Leg Wraps
Pony Tack and Accessories
Horse Bits
Back All Horse Bits
English Horse Bits
Bit Accessories
Bridles & Parts
Back All Bridles & Parts
English Bridles
Reins
Browbands
Nosebands
Bridle Parts & Accessories
Bridle Bags
Martingales & Breastplates
Halters & Leads
Back All Halters & Leads
Halters
Horse Leads
Halter Accessories
Cribbing & Muzzles
Stirrup Irons, Leathers & Girths
Back All Stirrup Irons, Leathers & Girths
Stirrup Irons
Stirrup Leathers
Stirrup Accessories
Girths
Training
Back All Training
Riding Whips & Crops
Lunge Whips
Lunging & Training Equipment
Horse Ear Plugs
Horse Shoe Studs
Nameplates
Horse Blankets
Back All Horse Blankets
Turnouts
Back All Turnouts
Turnout Blankets
Turnout Sheets
Neck Covers
Stable Blankets & Sheets
Back All Stable Blankets & Sheets
Stable Blankets
Stable Sheets
Coolers & Anti-Sweats
Back All Coolers & Anti-Sweats
Horse Coolers
Anti-Sweat Sheets
Scrim Sheets
Dress Sheets
Quarter Sheets
Ringside Rain Sheets
Pony Blankets
Fly Sheets & Masks
Back All Fly Sheets & Masks
Fly Sheets
Fly Masks
Ear Bonnets
Blanket Liners
Blanket Wash & Accessories
Horse Care
Back All Horse Care
Horse Grooming
Back All Horse Grooming
Brushes
Hoof Picks
Sweat Scrapers
Sponges
Grooming Totes
Horse Clippers
Back All Horse Clippers
Clippers
Clipper Blades
Clipper Accessories
Supplements & Treats
Back All Supplements & Treats
Horse Treats
Horse Supplements
Salt Licks & Holders
Hair & Hoof Care
Back All Hair & Hoof Care
Coat, Mane and Tail Care
Hoof Care
Braiding & Tails
Hoof & Hock Boots
Horse Wormers
Fly Control
Back All Fly Control
Fly Repellents
Spot-On
Fly Traps
Other Fly Control
Fly Boots
First Aid & Liniments
Back All First Aid & Liniments
First Aid Supplies
Bandages
Horse Liniments
Poultices
Twitches
Therapy
Bulk Pricing - Buy More, Save More
Stable Supplies
Back All Stable Supplies
Tack Trunks
Back All Tack Trunks
Tack Trunks
Trunk Covers
Jumps & Arena Equipment
Back All Jumps & Arena Equipment
Jumps
Dressage Arena Letters
Mounting Blocks & Metric Wheels
ESI Arena Footing
Shelters
Tack Racks & Hardware
Back All Tack Racks & Hardware
Saddle Racks & Stands
Bridle Racks & Hooks
Stable Hardware
Blanket Racks & Bags
Bandage Racks & Storage
Horse Toys & Treats
Back All Horse Toys & Treats
Horse Toys
Horse Treats
Feeding & Watering
Back All Feeding & Watering
Feed & Water Buckets
Hay Bags, Nets & Racks
Feed Storage
Weight Management
Trailering
Back All Trailering
Trailer Covers
Trailer Ties
Trailer Accessories
Shipping Halters, Fuzzies & Bumpers
Stall Supplies
Back All Stall Supplies
Stall Guards & Stall Gates
Pitchforks
Stable Accessories
Barn Carts
Stall Plates
Stall Curtains
Stall Deodorizers & Disinfectants
Cross Ties
Gifts/Dog
Back All Gifts/Dog
Bracelets
Breyer Horses
Nameplates
Home Decor
Jewelry
Back All Jewelry
Earrings
Necklaces
Bracelets
Rings
Gifts
Personalized Equestrian Products
Toys / Games
Dog
Back All Dog
Dog Blankets
Collars & Leashes
Dog Beds
Dog Seat Covers & Couch Covers
Books and DVDs
Dressage
Back All Dressage
Dressage Tack
Back All Dressage Tack
Dressage Saddles & Leathers
Dressage Pads
Dressage Bridles & Reins
Dressage Tack Accessories
Dressage Riding Apparel
Back All Dressage Riding Apparel
Dressage Breeches
Dressage Show Jackets
Shadbelly Coats
Dressage Show Shirts
Dressage Casual Clothing
Dressage Stock Ties and Pins
Dressage Accessories
Back All Dressage Accessories
Dressage Gloves
Dressage Helmets
Spurs, Belts & More
Bags and Cases
Dressage Tall Boots
Clearance
Back All Clearance
Riding Apparel
Back All Riding Apparel
Breeches
Helmets, Vests, Gloves & Accessories
Show Clothing
Polos & Casual Clothing
Outerwear
Riding Boots & Chaps
Back All Riding Boots & Chaps
Wellies & Muck Boots
Shoes & Clogs
Boot Accessories
Paddock Boots
Tall Boots
Winter Boots
Horse Tack
Back All Horse Tack
Saddles & Girths
Saddle Pads
Horse Boots & Wraps
Bits
Bridles & Parts
Halters & Leads
Stirrup Irons & Leathers
Horse Clothing
Back All Horse Clothing
Turnout Blankets & Sheets
Stable Blankets & Sheets
Fly Sheets & Masks
Coolers
& Anti-Sweat Sheets
Dog Blankets & Collars
Horse Supplies
Back All Horse Supplies
Fly Control
First Aid & Liniments
Stable Supplies
Back All Stable Supplies
Tack Racks & Hardware
Gifts
Gift Cards
Home
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights We appreciate the trust you place in Dover Saddlery, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information.
This privacy policy, effective December 31, 2019, describes the information we collect and how we use it. We always welcome your questions and feedback.
For privacy-related issues, please contact us at: Dover Saddlery525 Great RoadLittleton, MA 01460800-989-1500privacy@doversaddlery.com Contents
Information We Collect How We Use the Information We Collect Information We Share with Others Your Choices Cookies and Pixel Tags How We Use E-mail Links to Other Sites Updating or Reviewing Your Information Security Privacy of Children on Our Web Site Your California Privacy Rights Nevada Residents Policy Changes Questions or Comments?
Information We Collect In general, we may collect information (including name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card
information) when you:
Order from our catalogs or online Purchase from one of our retail stores Return an item or make an exchange Inquire about our services Request a catalog Receive a gift package Enter a contest or sweepstakes Subscribe to an e-mail newsletter Are referred to us through a marketing promotion Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
We may also combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from
other reputable sources. We maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database. We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using "clickstream" data
gathered with "cookies," and may also use other online tools such as "pixel tags," as described below. How We Use the Information We Collect At Dover Saddlery, the information we collect allows us to:
Process and track your order Provide the services you request Contact you about the status of an order Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you Send you email promotions or newsletters Identify your product and service preferences Customize our communications to you Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Information We Share with Others We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing,
shipping, e-mail distribution, market research, and promotions management.
We provide these companies
with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that
your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this
information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than
Dover Saddlery. From time to time, we make our mailing list (names and addresses only) and information concerning
general shopping activity available to carefully screened retailers whose products we believe will be of interest to you.
If you prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please contact us. On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a
court order, or when required by law to do so.
We may also share information with companies assisting
in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for
marketing or commercial purposes. Your Choices We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive
catalogs or other communications from Dover Saddlery, please contact us at the address shown below. If
you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletters or promotions, you also may contact us at the
address below or unsubscribe using the link provided in every e-mail.Dover Saddlery525 Great RoadLittleton, MA 01460800-989-1500privacy@doversaddlery.comIf you do not want us to provide your name and address to other companies for promotional purposes, please contact us at:
Dover Saddlery
525 Great Road
Littleton, MA 01460
800-989-1500 privacy@doversaddlery.com Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks or more for your request to become
effective. If you continue to receive unwanted communications of any kind, please contact us, and we
will make every effort to correct the situation. Cookies and Pixel Tags A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer.
Cookies enable you
to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping
experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you. For example, we use cookies to:
Remember what items are in your shopping cart Recognize you when you return to our Web site Study how our customers navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site searches
We may also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our Web site you have
visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. Pixel tags may also
enable us to send you e-mail in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an e-mail
message from us. We also may contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to
measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf. We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than
Dover Saddlery. How We Use E-mail When you provide us your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. We may also periodically send out promotions and newsletters by e-mail. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each e-mail. Links to Other Sites If you click on a link within the Dover Saddlery site that takes you to another site, you understand that while on their site they have established their own privacy and security policies. Updating or Reviewing Your Information To update your customer information (name, mailing address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address above. Security We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data in order to
minimize the chance of loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We
limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to
carry out their responsibilities. When you make a purchase, request a catalog, or create an account on our Web site, your transactional
information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format. Privacy of Children on Our Web Site Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Your California Privacy Rights If you reside in California, you have the right to ask one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
To make a request, please contact us at privacy@doversaddlery.com.
Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. Effective, January 1, 2020, according to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, if you reside in California then you have the following rights:
You can opt-out of Dover Saddlery's sale of your personal information.
You can request the deletion of your personal information.
You can request, no more than twice in a 12 month period, for us to disclose the following from the preceding 12 months:
- Categories of personal information collected about you
- Categories of sources from which we collected personal information
- Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information
- Categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
- Specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
- Categories of personal information we have sold and categories of third parties to whom the information was sold
Dover Saddlery will not discriminate against you if you have exercised your rights. Nevada Residents
If you are a Nevada resident and would like to make a request under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statues, you may email us at privacy@doversaddlery.com.
Please include "Nevada" in your email subject line and include the following information in your email:
your name, Nevada resident address, and email address. Policy Changes From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in
our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We
encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically. Questions or Comments? For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us.We hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third party regarding our privacy practices, you can e-mail the Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical
Business Practices at privacypromise@the-dma.org. The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing.
Shipping to the 48 Contiguous U.S. states
Guaranteed Christmas Delivery!
Most in-stock items ship within 48 hours
Method Under $35 Over $35 DETAILS:
MOST IN-STOCK ORDERS SHIP WITHIN 1-2 BUSINESS DAYS
Standard $8.95 FREE Order arrives 2-9 business days from shipment date depending on receipt location (in the 48 states and does not include oversized items).
Low Weight Economy $4.95 FREE Order arrives 2-10 business days from shipment date depending on receipt location (in the 48 states and does not include oversized items). This option is only available on orders which weigh less than 0.9 lbs.
Expedited Ground $12.95 $5.00 Order arrives 2-5 business days (Monday-Friday) from shipment date. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Guaranteed 3-business day $19.95 $12.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive within 3 business days (Monday-Friday) if the order is placed by 1pm ET, Monday-Friday. If you need an expedited order between 3-4pm ET, please call customer service.
Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Guaranteed 2-business day $24.95 $17.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (Monday-Friday) if the order is placed by 1pm ET, Monday-Friday. If you need an expedited order between 3-4pm ET, please call customer service. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Guaranteed Next business day $34.95 $27.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (Monday-Friday) if the order is placed by 1pm ET, Monday-Friday. If you need an expedited order between 3-4pm ET, please call customer service. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Guaranteed Next Day Saturday $49.95 $42.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive on Saturday if the order is placed by 1pm ET on Friday. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Over-sized Items: Free standard shipping to the contiguous 48 states, applies to items FedEx deems “normal & customary” in size and weight.
Large, bulky, or odd-shaped items may be subject to FedEx Oversize/Overweight charges. “Business days” = Monday – Friday
When calculating shipping time, please use the next business day to start the clock for all orders received AFTER 1pm ET.
Shipping to AK, HI, PR and VI Shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands ship via FedEx where service is available. Now offering 2 Business Day and Next Business Day shipping options. For questions please call or email us for a shipping quote.
Ship Method Under $35 Over $35 Details
Standard $24.95 $17.00 Order arrives 6-9 business days (Monday-Friday) from shipment date depending on receipt location. These orders typically ship within 24-48 hours of the order being placed.
Guaranteed 2 Business Days $44.95 $37.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive within 2 business days (Monday-Friday) if the order is placed by 1pm ET. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Guaranteed Next Business Day $54.95 $47.00 Orders are prioritized to arrive on the next business day (Monday-Friday) if the order is placed by 1pm ET. Not available for shipments to P.O. Boxes.
Description Style
Regular order of initials (example Emily Jane Smith = EJS) A, B, G
Traditional monogram order of initials (example Emily Jane Smith = ESJ) C, DD, F, H, K, BB, CC, EE, FF, KK, LL
First and Last Initial (example Emily Smith = ES) L, M, Y
Single Initial (example Emily Smith = E) D, AA, J, GG, N, P, Q, V, X, W, Z
Spelled out Name (example Emily Smith = Emily) E, R, S, T
Please allow extra delivery time for monogrammed products.
The Easiest and Best Guarantee in The Business
Shop with 100% confidence at Dover Saddlery. If something doesn’t fit you or your horse, return your original purchase within a year, and we’ll make it right with a refund, exchange or replacement.
Our experience as riders and horse owners ourselves is that in most situations a year’s time is fair enough to evaluate proper fit and function.
PLUS: For manufacturer’s defects, we’ll extend the manufacturer’s warranty to a maximum of
24 months, regardless of their individual policies. (AND: Manufacturer warranties longer than 24 months will be honored and supported by us as well up to the length of those warranties).
Exceptions: Safety items such as helmets and protective vests may only be returned within 30 days, with their original tags intact.
Saddles and riding boots may be returned within the one year period, but are subject to a prorated refund based on usage.
Used saddles may be returned for 30 days only.
For everyone’s protection, treats and vet meds which have been opened are not returnable, and returned blankets must clean and free of debris. Click here for our full Return Policy.
Your e-gift card will be delivered via email within 24 hours regardless of shipping method selected. If your purchase contains other items, select the ship method you would like the remainder of your order to use and it will arrive in the identified time frame.
Gift Card Number Format: There are no letter O used, only the number 0. For your Gift Card Number:
Please enter your promotional gift card number into the payment information section of checkout, under Gift Card Number.
How To Get Your USEF Member Discount Online:
1. Add items to your cart
2. Proceed to checkout
3. On checkout page, enter CMXUSEF into the promotion code box. Press apply, the discount will be automatically applied.
4. Be sure to enter your USEF # into the comment box.
5. Proceed to payment & place your order!
Click here to find out if your store is curbside pick-up, shop by appointment, or fully open.
Make your Curbside order easy and Contactless:
1. Download the
Curbside Delivery form
2. Fill out your order.
Do NOT include credit card info.
3. Take a picture with your phone or scan it
4. Email the form to your local Dover Saddlery Store
5. We’ll contact you to confirm & get your payment info.
Dear Customers,
We would like to inform you there has been a recall on
the 6 lb.
German Horse Muffins, manufactured November 29, 2018,
lot # 8333, due to a quality control problem.
The lot number can be found at the bottom of the bag on a small white sticker. The company believes this is an isolated incident but we want to make you aware as an additional precaution.
Please contact us at DoverSaddlery.com/chat or email customerservice@doversaddlery.com with questions.
If your code isn’t producing the expected result, please give us a call at 800-406-8204
or connect with us via Live Chat.
How To Get Your Military Discount Online:
1. Add items to your cart
2. Proceed to checkout
3. On checkout page, enter CMXMILITARY into the promotion code box. Press apply, the discount will be automatically applied.
4. Be sure to enter your Military DoD# into the comment box.
5. Proceed to payment & place your order!
We thank you and appreciate your patience while we catch up on our returns processing.
We are slowed down due to COVID-19 and staffing constraints.
We expect returns and refunds to take 10-14 days for processing. You will receive an email notification when your return has been processed. Where is my Refund or Exchange?
*Please note: Your refund may take several business days from the time your return is processed until you see the refund in your financial institution* How it works:
-
Your return is shipped back to our warehouse in Massachusetts. It arrives in Massachusetts
2-10 business days after you ship it back depending on your geographic shipping location.
-
Once your return is delivered to Dover Saddlery, your request for a refund or exchange is processed in 1-2 business days. Refunds:
-
Your refund is processed, and information is sent from Dover Saddlery to your financial institution.
-
Your refund will be accepted by your financial institution and show on your account in 1-4 business days. (This varies depending on your financial institution’s policy and processing time) Exchanges:
-
Your exchange item is processed depending on availability and is shipped from our warehouse within 48 business hours from the time the exchange order is placed. Items shipping from the manufacturer may take a bit longer.
-
Your exchange order is shipped to you via standard shipping and should arrive in 2-9 business days depending on your geographic location.