http://www.savannahcandy.com/privacy_policy
Shipping Info
Candy & Memories Made From Scratch
1-800-443-7884
Your Account
Sign in
Create an Account
Your Account >
Order >
Easy Reorder >
Wishlists >
Logout
Retail Locations
0
Close
Shopping Cart
0 Items
Subtotal: $0
Continue Shopping
Checkout »
Holiday Gifts!
Home/privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
Savannah Candy Kitchen respects the privacy of our customers and web site visitors. When you visit or shop with us, we want you to know we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchange with our site. We do this because it is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to order transaction information.
On-Line Policy
We collect information on-line when you request a catalog or place orders so that we can efficiently fill your catalog request, ship your orders and provide you with e-mail order confirmation pertaining to your orders. The information we collect may also be used by us to contact you for marketing purposes. We do not, however, share your on-line order information or telephone number with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your telephone number on-line, you will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders you have already placed with our company.
E-Mail Policy
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at support@savannahcandy.com, calling us at 1-800-619-3993 or writing us a letter to 225 East River Street, Savannah, GA 31401 and tell us that you prefer not to receive e-mail from our company.
Postal Policy
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products or special purchase opportunities. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address. We will be pleased to respect your wishes.
Reputable Company Mailing Policy
You may also receive occasional mailings from other reputable companies. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address and telling us that you prefer not to receive mailings from other reputable companies. We will see that your name and address are removed from the list we occasionally share with other organizations.
Sign Up Now To Get Our Sweetest Deals!
Love Our Products? Share with us!