https://www.marsdenbassoonreeds.com/privacy-policy-and-terms/
Home
About Me
Bassoon Reeds
Seat Straps
Order
Basket
Checkout
My account
Privacy Policy & Terms of Sale
Home
About Me
Bassoon Reeds
Seat Straps
Order
Basket
Checkout
My account
Privacy Policy & Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://www.marsdenbassoonreeds.com.
This privacy policy
sets out how Marsden Bassoon Reeds uses and protects any information that you
give us when you use this website.
Marsden Bassoon
Reeds is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask
you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using
this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance
with this privacy statement.
Marsden Bassoon
Reeds may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You
should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any
changes.
What we Collect
We may collect the
following information:
Namecontact
information including email address and telephone numberstreet
address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this
information to deliver our products to you, and to communicate with you about
your orders, and from time to time we will contact you with special offers.
Security
We are committed to
ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised
access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
Links to other websites
Our website may
contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these
links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over
that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and
privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and
such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise
caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in
question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell,
distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have
your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request
details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data
Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of
the information held on you please write to us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect
Terms of Sale
By placing an order you agree to the following
terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are important and should be
carefully read before you place your order.
General
All goods remain the property of Marsden Bassoon Reeds until paid
for in full. We are not obliged to supply goods until acceptance of your order;
it is on acceptance that a contract comes into effect.
Payments
Payment for online orders is made via PayPal whose Terms and Conditions
apply to their services
We do not store credit card
details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties
Carriage
We reserve the right to send items using the method we consider
most suitable. If goods arrive damaged we must be notified immediately.
Prices
If prices have changed you will be notified before we accept your
order and offered the option of confirming your order at the correct price or
cancelling it.
Complaints We aim to respond to all complaints within 2 working days and resolve them as quickly as possible. Complaints can be notified online by email, post, or by telephone.
Returning goods It is your responsibility to return items to us in good condition.