https://www.popeil.com/privacy-policy/
Voice Lessons
Workshops
About Lisa
Store
Events
Free Vocal Tips
Cart
Contact
Privacy Statement Update May 25, 2018 to meet General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards.
Welcome to Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®.
This Privacy Policy describes Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s practices with respect to your personal information, the types of information we gather, how we use it and the notice and choice affected individuals have regarding our use of that information that we collect through your browsing activity on this website, and all other related Websites (“Website”) where this Privacy Notice is referenced.
Personal Information Defined
As used herein, “personal information” means any information recorded in any form that relates to an individual and identifies or can be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, order and payment information or other unique identifier.
Browsing Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® Website
When you browse our Website, you do so anonymously, unless you have previously indicated that you wish Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® to remember your login and password. We don’t automatically collect personal information. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our Website you visit. But we do not link your IP address to any personal information unless you have logged in to our website. Like many other commercial Website, our Website may use a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how you use the site. Please go to “Tracking Technologies” below for more information.
While browsing our Website, Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® collects personal information when you register with Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® for a Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® account, when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list or when you submit your personal information to Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® for any other reason. From time to time, Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® receives personal information from business partners and vendors. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® only uses such information if it has been collected in accordance with acceptable privacy practices consistent with this Privacy Notice and applicable laws.
When you submit your personal information in connection with the Website this Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information. Your use of the Website shall constitute your consent to the terms of this Privacy Notice and any changes to this Privacy Notice that may be made to it in the future in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Our Use Of Your Information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
•  To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
•  Facilitate the processing of payment transactions
•  Respond to requests and inquiries
•  Provide support services
•  Communicate about other Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® services
•  To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
•  To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your requests and support needs)
•  To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates, occasional company news, and related product or service information, etc.
Notice Prior to Collection
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may only transfer that information within Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®, with our affiliates or our third party service providers in accordance with this Privacy Notice and the Online Services Privacy Policy.
We will always give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving direct marketing or market research information. This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Notice unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance, by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection.
Tracking Technologies
We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include your IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve the services we offer to you, and to improve marketing, analytics or site functionality.
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®, its affiliates and/or service providers (e.g., email distribution vendors, hosting and managed services vendors), use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts to analyze trends, administer the Website, track users’ movements around the Website and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
Some parts of Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s Website use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our Website’s information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of our Website if you do so. In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our Website. You do not need to have cookies turned on, however, to use/navigate through many parts of our Website, except access to certain of Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s Website may require a login and password.
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s Website include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice and/or policy of the company providing it.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Your personal information may be shared with our affiliates and business partners. All such entities are governed by this Privacy Notice or are bound by the appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements. Your personal information is never shared outside Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® without your permission, except under the conditions explained below. Inside Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®, data is stored in controlled servers with limited access. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® may send your personal information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances:
You have provided your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; or
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information (i) they need to deliver the service, or (ii) for the purposes for which the information was initially collected, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose).
We will also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, to enforce our Terms of Use, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our Website. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® may also share your personal information when we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (1) satisfy any applicable law (foreign, federal, state or local), regulation, legal process or enforceable government request, (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (3) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®, its users or the public as required or permitted by law or (4) if Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Finally, Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® may also share with third parties certain aggregate information (or anonymized, de-identified or pseudonymized data) regarding the use of Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s services or Website, such as, for example, the number of people who visit certain web pages or use certain services offered by Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®.
Data Security
Your Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® safeguards the security of the data you send us and takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect it from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. In certain areas of our Website, Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to enhance the security of data transmissions. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters, numbers and special characters, and make sure you use a secure browser.
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® restricts access to personal information to Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® employees, contractors and agents who need to know and have access to this information. Although Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® takes reasonable steps to protect the data that it collects from its users, it is simply not possible to protect against every conceivable breach of security. Although we do our best to make our Website and data secure, we cannot guarantee the total security of our Website and data. Accordingly, you agree that you will not hold Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® responsible, and hereby release Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®, for any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure of user information that may occur, such as, for example, by a person hacking into our system and unlawfully gaining access to our data.
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® processes personal information for the purpose for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® reviews its data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that it collects, stores and processes personal information needed to provide or improve its services, or as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Notice.
Children and Privacy
Our Website does not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® does not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® is committed to protecting your data in compliance with the GDPR. EU residents can contact lisapopeil@mac.com regarding the collection or erasure, use, and retention of personal information. Should you have any issues with how we handle your data, please contact us so that we can address your concerns. You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® stores and processes data in the United States.
California Residents
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information (whether collected online or offline) with our affiliates for their marketing purposes, if the affiliates are separate legal entities. Please tell us your preference by contacting us as indicated in the “Changes to This Privacy Notice” section below.
Third Party Applications and Sites
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Website. Although we choose our business partners carefully, Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® is not responsible for the privacy practices of Website operated by third parties that are linked to our Website or the content of those sites. In any event, once you leave our Website, you should check the applicable privacy notice and/or policy of the third party website to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you. Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® does not endorse or control any of the Website for which links are provided on Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks®’s Website, and users assume all risks of using these other Website and assume all responsibility for the policies and procedures of these other Website.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Lisa Popeil’s Voiceworks® may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any revised Privacy Policy on this page. If you have questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time by email at lisapopeil@mac.com