http://www.connectadock.com/termsOfUse.htm
Menu
Company
About
Contact
Photos
Video
Brochures
Installation Instructions
Locate a Dealer
Become a Dealer
Sitemap
Floating Dock
1000 Series
Features
Dock Components
Anchoring
Packages
2000 Series
Features
Dock Components
Anchoring
Packages
Rowing Dock
Choose a Dock Series
Learn about Floating Docks
New Products
PWC Docks
Features
Options
Anchoring
Colors
Kayak Launch
Features
Options
Anchoring
Colors
Design A Dock
Terms of Use
Last updated: December 18, 2019
These Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") govern your relationship with https://www.connectadock.com website (the "Service") operated by Connect-A-Dock ("us", "we", or "our").
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating our offerings of products and services on the Service. The products or services available on our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and we may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites.
We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms, the Promotion rules will apply.
Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes the copyright or other intellectual property infringement ("Infringement") of any person.
If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement that is taking place through the Service, you must submit your notice in writing to the attention of "Copyright Infringement" of info@connectadock.com and include in your notice a detailed description of the alleged Infringement.
You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresenting that any Content is infringing your copyright.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Connect-A-Dock and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Connect-A-Dock.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Connect-A-Dock.
Connect-A-Dock has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Connect-A-Dock shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Connect-A-Dock, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Connect-A-Dock its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Indiana, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Patents
Some products in this website are protected by one or
more of the following patents. USA patents: 6,073,572;
and 6,179,525 B1 Canadian patents: 2,308,617; 2,328,022 More information on Connect-A-Dock patents
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
By email: info@connectadock.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.connectadock.com/contactUs.htm
By phone number: 877-742-3074
By mail: 1501 Owner Ave, Atlantic, Iowa 50022
About
Customer Service
Contact Us
Design A Dock
Privacy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Follow
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
©2020