http://www.getoggz.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Get Oggz Inc. (“Get Oggz”) operates Get Oggz.com and may operate other websites. It is Get Oggz’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Get Oggz collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Get Oggz’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Get Oggz’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Get Oggz may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Get Oggz also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Get Oggz.com blogs/sites. Get Oggz only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Get Oggz’s websites to choose to interact with Get Oggz in ways that require Get Oggz to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Get Oggz gathers depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Get Oggz.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Get Oggz are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each situation, Get Oggz collects such details only inasmuch as is required or appropriate to meet the purpose of the site visitors communication with Get Oggz. Get Oggz does not disclose personally-identifying details other than as defined below. As well as site visitors can constantly decline to provide personally-identifying information, with the caution that it might avoid them from taking part in particular website-related tasks.
Aggregated Statistics
Get Oggz may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Get Oggz may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Get Oggz discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Get Oggz’s behalf or to provide services available at Get Oggz’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Get Oggz’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Get Oggz will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Get Oggz discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental requests, or when Get Oggz believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Get Oggz, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Get Oggz website and have supplied your email address, Get Oggz may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Get Oggz and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Get Oggz takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Get Oggz uses cookies to help Get Oggz to identify and track visitors, their usage of Get Oggz website, and their website access preferences. Get Oggz visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Get Oggz’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Get Oggz’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Get Oggz, or considerably all of its properties, were obtained, or in the not likely event that Get Oggz fails or enters bankruptcy, customer information would certainly be just one of the properties that are moved or obtained by a 3rd party. You recognize that such transfers may happen and that any type of acquirer of Get Oggz. might continue to use your personal details as stated in this plan.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Get Oggz and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although a lot of modifications are most likely to be minor, Get Oggz might change its Privacy Plan every so often, and in Get Oggz’s sole discretion. Get Oggz encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Get Oggz.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Osteopatía para niños
Home Depot Discovery Air Purifier
Quick lessons about home air purifiers
Diamond Engagement Ring
Changing pads – Give your baby proper support
Categories
Travel
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Nov