https://www.lovecrafts.com/en-gb/c/legal/terms-of-use
IntroductionInformation About Us And ApplicabilitySuspension And TerminationIntellectual Property RightsInformation About You And Your Visits To Our WebsitesContent Posted By You On The WebsitesOffers And PromotionsLinks From Our WebsitesLinking To Our WebsitesDisclaimers, Limitation of Liability And IndemnitySurvivalJurisdiction And Applicable LawYour Concerns
The highlighted text of each paragraph provides a short explanation of these terms of use and is of no legal effect. It is important that you find the time to read the full version of our terms of use (and our Privacy Policy and Terms of Sale, together “Our Terms“), as they are legally binding.
Introduction
We are committed to ensure that you enjoy shopping with us. The following document outlines the terms of use of www.lovecrafts.com (the “Website”) and associated mobile applications (“Apps“) use of our services. By using our Website you agree to all the terms of use below. Our terms of use may change from time to time, so you should check this page regularly.
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions (the "Terms of Use") on which:
Information About Us And Applicability
Our Website is owned and operated by LoveCrafts Group Limited ("LoveCrafts", "we" or "us"), incorporated and registered in the England, whose registered office is at 8th Floor WeWork Aviation House, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, UK. Our Company registration number is 07193527. Our VAT number is 196 4699 40. Our trading address is 8th Floor WeWork Aviation House, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, UK. Our telephone number is 0845 5760 007.The sale and supply of Goods via our Websites is performed: for all customers other than US and Canadian customers, by our subsidiary LoveCrafts Makers Limited; for US and Canadian customers (and any other customers who may purchase from our US and Canadian sites), by our subsidiary LoveCrafts Inc.To create an account you just need to enter your email address and create a password on our Login page on one of our Website. Once your account is created you will have an account and we will automatically create a profile for you (“Public Profile”). Unless and until you add your own content to your Public Profile, it will not be visible to (or searchable by) other users of the Website. You may change your Public Profile name or deactivate your Public Profile at any time.Any information which we hold in your customer account (including information which you add to your Public Profile) will be held in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By registering on the Website you undertake that all the details you provide to us for the purpose of registering on the Website and purchasing the Goods are true, accurate, current and complete in all respects. You will receive a confirmation via email when your account is created.When you log in to your account, you will be able to do the following:proceed through checkout faster when making a purchase;check the status of orders;view past orders;make changes to your account information;change, add to or delete content from your Public Profile and/or deactivate your Public Profile;change your password; andstore alternative addresses (for shipping to multiple family members and friends!)You are responsible for maintaining the confidentially of your login details and any activities that occur under your account. If you have any concerns about your login details or think they have been misused, you should contact info@lovecrafts.com straight away to let us know. We can deactivate or delete your account (and/or your Public Profile) for you at any time, on request.If you deactivate your Public Profile, or request that we do so by email to info@lovecrafts.com, it may take up to 2 working days to process your request. Please note that by deactivating your Public Profile, your Public Profile will be suspended and can be reactivated at any time. Deleting your Public Profile is permanent and irrevocable. If you request that we delete your Public Profile, please note that:we will not be able to reactivate it for you;it may take up to 7 working days to remove your Public Profile from the Websites and we may, after a period of 12 months delete your Public Profile from our back-up files; andwhile we will delete all information and content which relates only to you, we will not be able to remove all comments or content which involve other users – these will remain visible on the Website. Please therefore exercise caution when posting Customer Content on your own or other’s Public Profiles.
Suspension And Termination
Illegal and irresponsible actions will result in our taking a number of measures, some of them unpleasant.
Breach of the terms of these Terms of Use or fraudulent/illegal activity on one of the Websites may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your access to the Website (including your Public Profile) and removal of your Customer Content;issuing of a warning to you;legal action against you including proceedings for reimbursement of all costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach;disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.The responses described in this section are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Intellectual Property Rights
Please respect intellectual property rights; copyrighted material may not be reproduced without permission.
LoveCrafts is a registered trademark in the United Kingdom, US, Canada, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. The content of the Website and Apps, including techniques, source codes, data, technical information and the style or presentation, is protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use any content on our Website in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You may only use any content as is permitted using the functionality of the Website. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. We acknowledge that Goods sold by us, as well as the Website content, may be subject to copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property rights in favour of third parties. No licence is granted to you to reproduce copyrighted material unless with the prior permission of the copyright owner.
Information About You And Your Visits To Our Websites
We understand that you may be concerned about the privacy of information you share with us. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy.
We collect certain data about you when you use our Website. This is described in more detail in our Privacy Policy.
Content Posted By You On The Websites
Any content that you share on the Website may be used by LoveCrafts and should not be considered confidential. Please don’t share anything that is not yours or may offend other people.
You own all notes, messages, feedback on Goods (via Feefo or otherwise), ideas, suggestions, or other material (whether comprised of words or pictures or otherwise) which you submit via your Public Profile (“Customer Content”). In respect of such Customer Content which is capable of being covered by intellectual property rights (like photos and pictures), you automatically grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such Customer Content alone, or as part of other works in any form, media or technology whether now known or hereafter developed and to sub-license such rights to anyone. Any Customer Content may be used by us and by our affiliates for any purpose without any compensation to you. Furthermore, we shall be entitled to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any Customer Content you post to your Public Profile for any purpose whatsoever. You represent and warrant that (1) you hold all necessary right, title and licence to any Customer Content you post via your Public Profile and (2) your submission of such Customer Content to us does not and will not violate or infringe the rights of any person or third party. You shall not modify, rent, lease, sell or create derivative works from others’ Customer Content without their express consent.The licence you grant us under this section shall cease when you delete the relevant Customer Content or deactivate or delete your Public Profile, however, once Customer Content has been made public via your Public Profile, we cannot control (and will not be liable for) what others may use it for.You acknowledge that communications to or with bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities and/or other message or communication facilities are not private communications, therefore others may read your communications without your knowledge. You are prohibited from posting any Customer Content or other content on the Websites which is or could be perceived to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in any way, including without limitation, Customer Content or other content which would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise contravene any applicable law. It is, furthermore, your responsibility to ensure that you exercise caution when providing any personal information about yourself or your children. The LoveCrafts community embraces the joy of knitting and sharing our passions and projects with fellow makers, we therefore ask when uploading a project to keep this in mind and keep advertising to a minimum. We encourage you to link to the original pattern source, wherever that may be, to help others find inspiration easily and ask that titles and descriptions are kept relevant and free of heavy advertising. We also encourage you to only use relevant tags to ensure a joyful browsing experience for others. If you have concerns about the Customer Content of any other users, please contact us at info@lovecrafts.com. We reserve the right to remove Customer Content at any time at our sole discretion.Any Customer Content or other content or communications you transmit to the Websites in whatever way (including but not limited to your own or others’ Public Profiles), including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary, except as otherwise stated in our Privacy Policy.
Offers And Promotions
Discount codes generally can't be applied on sale items. We may have to occasionally change or remove items in a sale.
From time to time we run may offers and promotions, by way of discount codes, sales or otherwise, in relation to our Goods (“Promotions”). All Promotions are non-transferable, subject to availability and specified expiry times are final. Discount codes are valid for one use per customer and no cash alternative will be offered. Discount codes cannot be used in conjunction with gift vouchers, or any other promotion or offer including multi-buy deals, other discount codes, sale items and clearance stock, unless otherwise stated. Discount codes are not applicable to purchases of downloadable patterns, or other products as we may update from time to time. Each Promotion may be run with its own specific terms which shall be set out on the Promotion and in the case of conflict with the terms set out in this section, the Promotion terms shall prevail. In all cases, we reserve the right to change or withdraw offers, promotions, or sale items at any time and without prior notice.
Links From Our Websites
We are not responsible for the content of websites and resources provided by third parties. Where our Websites contain links to other websites and resources provided by third parties, these links are for you to access at your sole discretion and risk. We have no control over the contents of those websites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Linking To Our Websites
You may only create a link to one of our Websites from another website, document or any other source which complies with the following requirements - any agreed link must be:to the Website's homepage;established by an owner of a website or document, which does not contain content that is offensive, controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or breaches the law in the UK and the law in any country from which they are hosted;provided in such a way that does not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists;presented in such a way that is fair and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.We have no obligation to inform you if the address of the Websites’ home page change and it is your responsibility to ensure that any link you provide to one of our homepages is at all times accurate.
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability And Indemnity
We cannot be responsible for everything that happens on the planet. Be reasonable.
To the extent permitted by law, neither LoveCrafts, nor its affiliates, directors, employees or contractors, shall be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages arising from or in any way connected with the use of the Website, the content of the Website, any delay or inability to use the Website or otherwise in connection with the Website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise. Subject to applicable law, we shall not be liable for any of the matters in the following non-exhaustive list: mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or emails, errors, viruses, delays in operation or any failures of performance, whether or not resulting from natural acts, communications issues, theft, destruction, or unauthorised access to our products and services and records.We disclaim warranties of any kind in relation to the Websites, either expressed or implied. No oral advice, written or electronically transmitted information given by us, our affiliates, directors, employees or contractors, shall create any warranty under any circumstance.LoveCrafts reserves the right to refuse to accept and process any and all customer orders on any and all products and services and to suspend, discontinue, and refuse the use or acceptance of any and all offers, promotions, discounts, at its sole discretion.Some or all of exclusions or limitations of liability above may not apply to you if you are resident in a country which prohibits such exclusions or limitations of liability. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Terms of Use seeks to exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. In such case these Terms of Use shall be read as closely as possible to their current wording notwithstanding the prohibition of such terms.You agree to fully indemnify LoveCrafts, its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, vendors, affiliates, successors and assigns from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses resulting from your breach of any of these Terms of Use insofar as they relate to Customer and/or your Public Profile,, including but not limited to, any allegations, damages or claims relating to any of your Customer Content, Public Profile or other postings or communications in any forums or facilities on the Websites, or for infringement or violation of any third-party rights.
Survival
We believe these terms are fair and sensible. Even if one or more of these terms cannot be enforced, the rest of these terms will remain in force.
Each provision of the Terms of Use shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
Jurisdiction And Applicable Law
Except to the extent that you exercise your right as a consumer to bring an action in or rely on the laws of your country (or State, as applicable) of domicile, the interpretation, construction, effect and enforceability of these terms of use shall be governed by the law of England and Wales, and you and we agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of English courts for the determination of disputes.
Your Concerns
Contact us any time if you have any concerns. If you have any comments or concerns related to our Websites, Apps and/or services, please contact info@lovecrafts.com, phone us on 01409 404 010, or write to us at: 8th Floor WeWork Aviation House, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, UK.
Visit our international sites:
North America
| Germany
| Australia