http://www.africanbookstore.net/privacy.asp
Privacy PolicyAfrican Bookstore
is dedicated to protecting your privacy. The information we collect is gathered to ensure secure ordering. Review the policy below for detailed information. If you have any concerns, comments or complaints, be sure to let us know.
Online browsing:
IP address - We use IP addresses to measure our site traffic.
Referral site - If you come to our site via a link, the location of the referral is captured. This is used to help us know where our users come from.
IP addresses are also used in determining valid orders.
When purchasing products online:
Name, and contact information are sent through to the  secured
credit card processing service that you chose upon checkout. No credit card
information is taken prior to you reaching the processors screen.  To
confirm that you are on a secured processor site you will notice https:
in the browser address window and
should also be present.
Information sharing:
We do not purchase and or sell any personal customer information.
E-mail:
When you contact us, we will contact you by e-mail to confirm receipt of your request and/or to update you on the status of your order. The only e-mail you will receive from us will be regarding your order(s).
Unless you subscribe to our newsletter that we send out quartely.
Your information is secure:
Your account information and order history are kept confidential. Access to your personal information is restricted within our company to provide maximum security.
Feedback:
Simply click here to send us feedback via e-mail. Please note that feedback given in this manner becomes property of African Bookstore.
The African Bookstore continues to inspire others to read, and is a firm believer in the educational process of self-knowledge and enrichment.
Info
Gift Cards
Order Status
Order Tracking
Sitemap
Policies
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact
address
7027 W Broward Blvd #261
Plantation, FL 33317
sales@africanbookstore.net
(954) 316-8164
© 2019
All Rights Reserved. African Bookstore
Follow us on :