https://www.orderhawaiianfood.com/legal_note.html
legal stuff
sales@paradise-multimedia.com
Paradise Multimedia's Hawaiian Food & 1st Luau
Since 1996, we ship freshly made Hawaiian Food from Hawaii to the mainland.
Home
Shop
See All Items
Package Deals
Char Siu Pork
Kalua Pork, Chicken and Turkey
Lau Lau
Lomi Salmon
Luau Leaves
Poi
Portuguese Sausage
Leis
Must Have Coconuts
Gift Certificates
Get our Catalog
Package Deals
View Cart
FAQ
Shipping
Get our Catalog
Must Have Coconuts
Leis
Nutrition
Sale
3.5 lb. Poi $34.99
Portuguese Sausage 10-pack $39.99
Contact
Legal notes regarding
OrderHawaiianFood.com, 1stluau.com
The domains www.1stluau.com
and www.orderhawaiianfood.com are owned and operated by Paradise Multimedia Inc.
Paradise Multimedia is
the name you will see on your credit card
statement.
Return Policy / Order Cancellation Policy
Your
order will ship on the date listed here,
unless a later date is specified. You may specify later ship dates in the comment box when ordering.
Please note that you cannot receive
your order prior to that time, since we cook your products to order.
Products Guarantee
Credits will not be issued if delivery attempt was made
by UPS courier service. In some cases if you are not home packages may require a signature and are not left behind. We cannot leave any special instructions in the UPS system, for example, 'leave at the door', 'call me on your way', etc.. Please insure someone is available to receive and refrigerate your package. If the driver chooses not to leave the packages, they are returned to the UPS facility for delivery attempt on a future day. You may ship to work or a neighbor if needed. At this time UPS is not offering refunds on late packages, so we cannot provide refunds for delayed packages. We do pack our coolers to withstand 3 days of travel and we have had a 99.2 percent on-time rate.
While
against our policy which states that the customer needs to be available to
receive the package, we understand that customers may have to leave for a short
period. No risk shall be upon 1stluau.com|OrderHawaiianFood.com|Paradise
Multimedia [parent company] if you are unavailable to receive, accept and
properly store the package.
Credits will
be issued only for food that does not arrive or arrives after the date
and time of the start of your party (unless delivery attempt was made
by courier service).
We ship your frozen food in cooler boxes with ice packs to withstand three days of travel. We have tested our handling methods by test shipments
of frozen food in the middle of summer from Hawaii to Texas with no cooler and no ice packs. The food arrived in fine condition.
All items available on this site are weighed prior to cooking. Some of our cooking techniques (i.e. steaming lau lau) will reduce the weight, making a lighter post-cooking weight.
If at any time you have problems with an order, simply contact Customer
Service. Our phone number is 888-441-5828. Or, feel free to send us an
email 24 hours a day 7 days a week, to sales@paradise-multimedia.com.
Please make sure to include as much order information as possible, to
help us expedite your request.
Cancellations
Cancellations incur a $35 fee which covers the one-use cooler box and packing fee. To avoid this fee, we can ship your order on the next available shipping date, which is usually the following week.
Customer Responsibility
In most cases, you will be required to accept your delivery with a signature. If this is not possible, please ship to your place of work, to a neighbor or relative. Delivery days are set. Delivery times cannot be set or requested.
You will receive confirmation emails and should review this information.
The customer is responsible providing correct address information as
shown
in one of two confirmations sent to you during the confirmation
process.
Customer is responsible for approving ship dates we schedule
and note
in one of two confirmations sent to you during the confirmation
process.
Customer must be available to receive and properly store /
refrigerate
the order after receipt. Credits will not be issued if delivery
attempt was made
by courier service.
Orders cannot be amended once received. If you wish to change your order, please place a new second order for the entire list of items you wish to purchase. In the COMMENTS section simply note to cancel and refund the appropriate order number [from your original order].
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices
you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to
receive notices and materials. The types of personal information collected
at these pages are: name, address, email address, phone number, credit/debit
card information. On some pages you can submit information about other
people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly
to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In
this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: name,
address, phone number.
How We Use Information
The email addresses that we collect are used by us to contact consumers
for fulfillment purposes and are not shared with other organizations for
commercial purposes. We use the information you provide about gift recipients
when placing an order only to ship the product, to confirm delivery and
for our own marketing purposes. We do not share this information with
outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift greeting messages by which you can personalize a product
you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create
a greeting is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to
the person receiving the gift.
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our site utilizes a secure socket layer (SSL) encryption during registration,
and ordering processes, as well as during hard disk storage.
Use of Web Site Information
Except as otherwise indicated on this site, you may view, print, copy,
and distribute documents on this site subject to the following terms and
conditions:
The
document may be used solely for informational, personal, noncommercial
purposes;
Any
copy of the document or portion thereof must include all copyright
and proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original;
The
document may not be modified in any way; and
Paradise
Multimedia reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any
time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon notice
from Paradise Multimedia.
Documents specified
above do not include the layout or design of this web site. Elements of
this site are protected by trade dress or other laws and may not be imitated
or reproduced in whole or in part. Documents specified above do not include
logos, graphics, sounds or images on this web site, which may be reproduced
or distributed only when expressly permitted by Paradise Multimedia.
Copyright
The information on this web site is protected by copyright. Except as
specifically permitted, no portion of this web site may be distributed or
reproduced by any means, or in any form, without the Paradise Multimedia
prior written permission.
Linking to the Paradise Multimedia Web Site
Paradise Multimedia permits anyone to link to the Paradise Multimedia web
site subject to the linker's compliance with the following terms and conditions:
A site that links to the Paradise Multimedia web site:
May
link to, but not replicate, content contained in the Paradise Multimedia
site;
Must
not create a border environment or browser around content contained
in the Paradise Multimedia site;
Must
not present misleading or false information about the Paradise Multimedia
services or products;
Must
not misrepresent the Paradise Multimedia relationship with the linker;
Must
not imply that Paradise Multimedia is endorsing or sponsoring the
linker or the linker's services or products;
Must
not use the Paradise Multimedia logos or trade dress without prior
written permission from Paradise Multimedia;
Must
not contain content that could be construed as obscene, libelous,
defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for all ages;
Must
not contain materials that would violate any laws;
Must
agree that the link may be removed at any time upon the Paradise Multimedia
request pursuant to the Paradise Multimedia reserved rights to rescind
its consent to allow the link.
Paradise Multimedia
site provides links to third-party web sites, which are not under the control
of Paradise Multimedia. Paradise Multimedia makes no representations about
third-party web sites. When you access a non-Paradise Multimedia web site,
you do so at your own risk. Paradise Multimedia is not responsible for the
reliability of any data, opinions, advice, or statements made on third-party
sites. Paradise Multimedia provides these links merely as a convenience.
The inclusion of such links does not imply that Paradise Multimedia endorses,
recommends, or accepts any responsibility for the content of such sites.
Third-Party Products and Services
The Paradise Multimedia web site contains mention of third-party products
and services for informational purposes. Paradise Multimedia makes no recommendations
or endorsements about third-party products and services. References to third-party
services and products are provided by Paradise Multimedia "as is", without
warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
Legal Notes for OrderHawaiianFood.com and 1stluau.com
Call 9-4 EST Monday-Thursday and 9-12 Friday   888-441-5828
|   sales@paradise-multimedia.com
Return & Privacy Policy | Contact | Affiliate
Program | Distributors
/ Bulk Orders | Gift Certificates | History of the Luau
Advertisement
CoconutGreetings.com
Mail hand painted coconuts
personalized with your message
and sent anywhere in the world!
Serving you since 1996. Aloha!