https://www.red5audio.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Red5 Audio is the Brand for equipment made by us, our full company name is Red5 Audio Ltd. We are based at unit 6, block 5, Larkfield Industrial Estate Greenock, PA16 0EQ and our telephone number is 01475 630050. We are an audio equipment company and we mainly sell our equipment directly to the public through this website, Amazon and Ebay.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we shall endeavour to use any information that you provide when using this website in accordance with this privacy policy.
This privacy policy explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit to us, and how we use it.
Email Newsletter
If you have opted to receive our email newsletter your name and email address will be stored in our newsletter database along with when and how you opted to receive the newsletter. Ways of opting into our newsletter include sending us an email request, ticking a box on our website at checkout to request it, or by completing a form in our store.
We send out emails at various times, largely often dependant on offers we are running. Ordinarily this would be around 2-3 month with a maximum of 5 per month.
Our emails relatively simple. Everyone gets the same email. We don’t use profiling to target specific emails to different people based on previous buying.
At any time you can opt out of receiving our emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. You can also unsubscribe by emailing us via our contact us page. All we need to know is the email address you want to unsubscribe and we’ll take it from there.
Customer service emails
If you place an order with us we will send you a confirmation email when the order is received and an order shipped email when it is despatched. Our couriers may then send you further emails or text message information relating to the expected delivery date etc.
Our customer service team may also use your email address and phone number to get in touch regarding any problems with your order such as us being out of stock, informing you about a payment problem or to clarify your delivery address etc.
What we do with your data
When you place an order your details are stored in our sales database. This is mainly for the purposes of processing your order and to ensure that we send you exactly what you have ordered. We keep a record of our past sales on our database. In addition to our legal requirements to keep accurate sales records for our accounts this information helps us keep track of when an item was bought so if there is a problem with a product we know if the warranty is still in place.
We don’t sell or pass on your data to other marketing companies. You don’t need to worry if you give us your email address that we’ll give it to someone else to add to their marketing database. We have never done this in the past and will never do it in the future.
Our own website is located within a secure data centre within the European Union and the customer orders on our website are help in an encrypted manner so even if a hacker managed to steal the database, the data would not be readable. We use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt the information you input before it is sent to us, and our database is hosted in a secure data centre. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Credit Card Information
Red5 Audio is a small company but we need to comply with the same big company regulations regarding credit cards. We don’t store any of your credit card data on our own computer system. You will notice that when you get to the payment page on our website it goes to Paypal. Paypal are a specialist company who deal with the processing of your payments meaning we never need to store your card numbers.
For further security, we do not take credit card information over the telephone. To accommodate customers who would ordinarily like to pay by phone we will either send you a secure payment link for the amount in question or will give details for a bank transfer.
Couriers & Delivery Companies
Many couriers now take a proactive approach to delivery and will text your or email you delivery information. It may sound obvious, but in order for them to do this we have to give them your email address, mobile phone number and obviously they will need your name and address in order to deliver the parcel. We currently use DPD, and the Royal Mail for our deliveries. We may occasionally use other courier companies of similar good reputation.
Cookies
We use 2 types of cookies on the site. The main type of cookie dose not store any personal details and its sole aim is to make the website work properly. For example, we have a ‘recently viewed’ box at the bottom of the page showing you the list of products you viewed recently. This uses a cookie for it to work.
The second type of cookie is only used if you tick the box at checkout entitled ” Remember Me”. If you tick this box a cookie will be stored on your PC so that the next time you use the site it will remember your name and address at checkout without having to login.
We don’t use any sneaky cookies to follow you around the internet or pass on any cookie information to anyone else. We don’t even use any cookie information within our own company, they are simply only to make the website user experience better.
Google Analytics may also store a cookie as detailed in the next section.
Google Analytics
We use a google tool called ‘Google Analytics’ to help us understand how many people have looked at our website. It can tell us what pages are the most popular and tell us other information about visitors such as what country they come from. It can tell us if someone clicked on an advert to get to our site which helps us decide if advertising is working or not. Google Analytics can do a lot more than that and we have switched off the features that we feel might give people privacy concerns. We don’t attempt to find out who you are if you are simply browsing on our website but we are interested in general information like how many people looked at each page.
Google may use a cookie to make this system work. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
If you have a Google account or use google tools (Gmail, Youtube, Chrome etc), your own privacy settings within these will also affect what data Google will use.
Social Media
If you share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook, following or tweeting about us on Twitter, or giving us a ‘+1’ via Google Plus, those social networks will record that you have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose.
As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks, just as those social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves.
Log Files
Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information and is used for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. We may make a small charge for this service. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Data Protection Officer
Our data protection officer can be contacted at :-
Data Protection Officer
Red5 Audio Ltd
Unit 6, Block 5
Larkfield Industrial Estate
Greenock
Scotland
PA16 0EQ
Tel +44 (0)1475 630050
Changes to our privacy policy
An changes to our privacy policy will be posted here.
This was last updated on 18th May 2018
How to contact us
You can call us on +44 (0) 1475 630050
Or email us at info@red5audio.com
Or write to us at the above address.
AllSpecial OffersStands and HangersStools & BenchesStoreMicrophonesActive SpeakersHeadphonesAccessoriesCables
Search for:
home
Shop
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?