http://www.sleepingbearpress.com/privacy
Find a Book
Advanced Search
New Releases
Subjects
Grade Levels
Events
Resources
Teaching Guides
Download a Catalog
Internships
2020-2021 Library Catalog Flip Presentation
Authors & Illustrators
Submissions
Search for:
Find a Book
Events
Resources
Authors & Illustrators
Submissions
Cart
Wish List
Sign In
Register
Help
Privacy Policy
This statement discloses the privacy practices for Cherry Lake Publishing Web site. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Cherry Lake Publishing site coordinator at customerservice@cherrylakepublishing.com. If your inquiry is not responded to within seven days or your inquiry has not been
satisfactorily addressed, contact us at 1-866-918-3956. To return to the
site, please use the “Back” button on your browser.
Cherry Lake Publishing and your privacy
At Cherry Lake Publishing, we respect your right to privacy and we
understand that visitors to CherryLakePublishing.com need to be in
control of their personal information. We also want to
present information on CherryLakePublishing.com that is tailored to
the needs of our visitors. For this reason, we may ask you
to register or to provide personal information when you
visit certain areas of CherryLakePublishing.com, download free
books, enter a contest, or subscribe to a newsletter.
We will use the personal information you share with us to
ensure the content, services, and advertising that we
provide on CherryLakePublishing.com are tailored
to your current and future needs. If you provide Cherry Lake Publishing
with your mailing address or telephone number, Cherry Lake Publishing
and its partners may use this information to alert you to
product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and
new services. If you provide your e-mail address, Cherry Lake Publishing
may contact you via e-mail as well. If you do not want
Cherry Lake Publishing, our partners, or selected third parties to
contact you, you may opt out when you provide personal
information or contact Cherry Lake Publishing directly. For
instructions, please see the Contact Us section below.
If you choose not to register or provide personal
information, you can still visit most of Cherry Lake Publishing’s Web
site. However, you will not have access to areas that
require personal identification.
How Cherry Lake Publishing will protect your personal information
Cherry Lake Publishing will protect the personal information that you
share with us. If you make a purchase on-line, we will use
your credit card number only to process your payment and
will not use it for marketing purposes. If we request
demographic information, we will not share information about
you as an individual with any other entity. If we do share
demographic information with third parties, we will give
them aggregate information only.
Cherry Lake Publishing may carefully select third parties to send you information, by postal mail, about their products or
services. If you do not want to receive information, you may
decline to receive it (or “opt out”) when you provide
personal information to Cherry Lake Publishing, or you may contact us
directly.
Cherry Lake Publishing may occasionally present a special contest or
promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify
for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information.
If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we
will provide a statement to that effect.
Contact Us/How to update your personal information
You can help Cherry Lake Publishing maintain the accuracy of your
personal information by notifying us when you change your
address, title, phone number, or e-mail address. If at any
time you wish to update your information or stop receiving
communication from Cherry Lake Publishing, our partners, or selected
third parties, contact Cherry Lake Publishing by e-mail at
customerservice@cherrylakepublishing.com or by postal mail at:
Cherry Lake Publishing
Attn: Privacy
1750 Northway Drive
Suite 101
North Mankato, MN 56003
Please include your old and new contact information so that
we can make the appropriate corrections.
Cherry Lake Publishing would like to receive your comments and questions about this policy
Please address comments or questions regarding Cherry Lake Publishing’s
privacy practices to us at one of the addresses listed
above. Cherry Lake Publishing may occasionally update this policy.
Notice of revisions will be posted here.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. Cherry Lake Publishing is
not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Web sites.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from Cherry Lake Publishing Mailing List, please complete our Removal form.
Help Center
Don't know where to look for answers? Look no further (use the 'help' search).
Contact Information
Customer Service
1-866-918-3956
customerservice@cherrylakepublishing.com
Sales & Marketing
1-866-918-3956
sales@cherrylakepublishing.com
Find a sales rep »
Location
Sleeping Bear Press
2395 South Huron Parkway
Suite 200
Ann Arbor MI
48104
View map »