https://www.archeryworld.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy to do so. Read More
OK
HomeLinked Terms and ConditionsLinked Terms and ConditionsWE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WHICH APPLY WHENEVER YOU BUY GOODS FROM US ONLINE OR OVER THE TELEPHONE. PLEASE READ THEM VERY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU PROCEED TO MAKE YOUR PURCHASE BECAUSE THEY EXPLAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE BASIS ON WHICH WE WILL SELL GOODS TO YOU.BY PLACING AN ORDER, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.YOU SHOULD PRINT AND KEEP A COPY OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR YOUR RECORDS.When you use our website, we may gather information about you and your visit to the Website. Information about this can be found in our Privacy Policy which forms part of these Terms. The Privacy Policy and these Terms together govern our relationship with You and form the contract between us.E&OE - While we do our best to keep our website up to date and accurate at all times, Archery World is not responsible for any clerical or typographical errors, or omissions that may arise in information. If an error occurs that may affect part of the service we provide to you, we will inform you promptly in order to rectify the error.Gift VouchersPlease note that online e-vouchers purcahsed through this website, and physcial gift vouchers ordered either through the website or in-store are valid for 6 months from purchase, and after this time cannot be redeemed. E-vouchers can be used online while physical gift vouchers can be used both in-store and online.Returns Policy (UK AND EU ONLY)We want you to be happy with your purchase however we do understand that sometimes issues may arise. If you have any problems with your order, please contact us onTelephone - 015395 558141or E-mail: enquiries@archeryworld.co.uk Under the Consumer Rights Act you have a legal right to reject goods that are of unsatisfactory quality, unfit for purpose or not as described, and get a full refund. This right is limited to 30 days from the date you take ownership of your product. After 30 days, you will not be legally entitled to a full refund if your item develops a fault. *Some products are exempt and cannot be returned after processing of your order has begun. Examples include goods made to your specifications or modified from the manufacturer's original specifications by your request or items that have been ordered in for you as a 'Special Order'. These include, but are not limited to, arrow shafts cut to your length, fletching of arrows, some custom-made bows and custom-made bowstrings. DVD's may not be returned if unsealed. Any items that have been modified after purchase by the customer will also not be accepted for refund or replacement i.e. arrow shafts that have been cut and/or fletched.If you change your mind about something you have ordered, you have the right to cancel at any time from the moment you place your online order, and up to 14 days from the day you receive your goods. Again, some products are exempt (please see items listed above*) If you exercise your right of cancellation, you will be responsible for returning the goods to us at your own cost. Returned items must be packaged properly and shipped with appropriate insurance, traceability and include the original purchase details. Archery World will offer a refund in the form of gift vouchers within 30 days the value of the original order providing the goods are unused and are ‘as new’. A deduction can be made if the value of the goods has been reduced as a result of you handling the goods more than was necessary. The extent to which you can handle the goods is the same as it would be if you were assessing them in a shop.Please note it is within your right to decline the offer of gift vouchers in replacement for refunds if the order is cancelled within the initial 14days. If you do not want gift vouchers this must be stated when cancelling the order and cannot be amended once the gift vouchers have been sent out. Warranty (UK AND EU ONLY)•    If your item arrived faulty or fails within 30 days, you should contact us to discuss the best method of returning the item. Postage costs must be agreed in advance in writing by Archery World. If you send back items using a more expensive service, then we will not refund the extra costs.•    If an item is damaged in transit you will need to ask the delivery driver to make a note of this upon delivery. It is important that you keep the original packaging and inform us immediately (within 24 hours). In an event of this happening we will have the items collected from you, once we receive them back we will dispatch your replacement.•    If the items require service after 30 days then you will be responsible for the return cost to us, and we will cover the shipping of the repaired/replaced item to you (UK only).Returns Procedure & Warranty (UK AND EU ONLY) •   Please note: Compound bow cams, strings and cables systems are not covered under manufacturer warranty.If you have a faulty product still under the manufacturer's warranty, or wish to return any unwanted items to us, please follow the steps as set out below. Please do not send anything back to us without speaking to us first. *click to start your returns process* Alternatively, follow the steps below.1.    Call/Email us. We will take details of your original order and authorise any requested returns.2.    We will discuss the best method of return and confirm the action to be taken.3.    After steps one and two have been completed, send it back to –ReturnsArchery World Ltd.Kenyons FarmGough LaneBamber Bridge, PrestonPR5 6AQ4.    Returned items must be packaged properly (including copy of original invoice) and shipped with appropriate insurance and traceability. Archery World LTD accepts no responsibility if returning items are lost in transit.5.    If it is the return of unwanted items, we will refund you within 30 days the value of the original order in the form of gift vouchers. If the items require warranty service, we will handle the claim under the guidelines of the manufacturer.Important Information Regarding International Orders•    International orders may be required to pay via Bank Transfer if the initial payment method is unable to pass our payment security. If this is the case your original payment will be refunded, and you will be alerted via email.•    Any charges incurred by either bank when making the transfer will NOT be covered by Archery World – these charges are the responsibility of the customer.•    You will be liable for all import duties and local taxes, so please check with your customs office if you have any questions related to this.•    Archery World LTD cannot be held responsible for any issues arising from your country's import laws and customs.•    If you need to return goods to us CONTACT US FIRST for instructions! Do not ship anything to us without instructions from us.•    For orders outside of the EU, if you change your mind about an order (you have 7 days from when you receive the goods).  *Some products are exempt and cannot be returned after processing of
your order has begun. Examples include goods made to your specifications
or modified from the manufacturer's original specifications by your
request or items that have been ordered in for you as a 'Special Order'.
These include, but are not limited to, arrow shafts cut to your length,
fletching of arrows, some custom-made bows and custom-made bowstrings.
DVD's may not be returned if unsealed. Any items that have been modified
after purchase by the customer will also not be accepted for refund or
replacement i.e. arrow shafts that have been cut and/or fletched.
Archery World LTD will not refund any shipping costs and will only
refund the cost of the returned items providing they are in new / unused
condition. Please bear this in mind before placing an order. Archery World LTD will not refund any shipping costs and will only refund the cost of the returned items providing they are in new / unused condition. Please bear this in mind before placing an order.Click and Collect –  Preston ShowroomIf you have opted to collect your goods from the Preston showroom, we will contact you via telephone/email when your goods are ready to collect. You can collect any time during our opening hours after we have contacted you, please bring with you valid ID/an order confirmation.Shipping options – how long will your goods take to arrive? (UK ONLY)Economy post – Usually 2-3working days from dispatch Tracked 48 - Usually 2-3working days from dispatchTracked 24 - Usually 1-2working days from dispatchTracked 48 Signed For -  Usually 2-3working days from dispatchTracked 24 Signed For – Usually 1-2working days from dispatchUK Shipping Express Post – Guaranteed next working day from dispatch (excluding *Saturday/Sunday)Economy Carrier - Usually 2-3working days from dispatchUK Carrier - Usually 1-2working days from dispatchOrder placed on the web will typically ship the following working day subject to checks and stock availability.*Saturday deliveries can be booked by prior arrangement - Please contact Archery World Ltd directly on 01539558141 to arrange. ADDITIONAL CHARGES WILL APPLY.SHIPPING TIMES ON INTERNATIONAL / HIGHLAND&ISLAND ORDERS CAN VARY DEPENDING ON DELIVERY COUNTRY/LOCATION. PLEASE EMAIL enquiries@archeryworld.co.uk FOR MORE INFORMATION