http://www.antlerchandeliers.com/privacy-policy
HOME
ABOUT
CHANDELIERS
LAMPS
Got ANTLERS?
WALL SCONCES
ACCESSORIES
Antler Candleabras
Antler Mirrors
GALLERY
THE SHED STORY
Custom Designs
PAST CUSTOMERS
Testimonials
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How Are Antler Chandeliers Made?
How Are Antler Chandeliers Installed?
How do I choose the Right Size Chandelier?
How High Should an Antler Chandelier Hang?
What is the Difference Between Elk and Deer Antler?
INSIST on “UL Listed” Chandeliers
YES WE SHIP!
HOW TO ORDER/CONTACT US
Privacy Policy:
Antler Chandeliers & Lighting Co. ("Antler Chandeliers")
operates Antlerchandeliers.com and may operate other websites. It
is Antler Chandeliers's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Antler Chandeliers collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Antler Chandeliers's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Antler Chandeliers's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Antler Chandeliers may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Antler Chandeliers also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Antlerchandeliers.com
blogs/sites. Antler Chandeliers only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Antler Chandeliers's websites choose to interact
with Antler Chandeliers in ways that require Antler Chandeliers to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Antler Chandeliers gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at Antlerchandeliers.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Antler Chandeliers are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Antler Chandeliers collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Antler Chandeliers. Antler Chandeliers does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Antler Chandeliers may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Antler Chandeliers may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Antler Chandeliers does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Antler Chandeliers discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Antler Chandeliers's behalf or to provide services available
at Antler Chandeliers's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Antler Chandeliers's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Antler Chandeliers will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Antler Chandeliers discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Antler Chandeliers believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Antler Chandeliers, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Antler Chandeliers website and have supplied your email address, Antler Chandeliers
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Antler Chandeliers and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Antler Chandeliers takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Antler Chandeliers uses cookies to
help Antler Chandeliers identify and track visitors, their usage of Antler Chandeliers
website, and their website access preferences. Antler Chandeliers visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Antler Chandeliers's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Antler Chandeliers's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Antler Chandeliers, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Antler Chandeliers goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Antler Chandeliers may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Antler Chandeliers and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Antler Chandeliers may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Antler Chandeliers's sole
discretion. Antler Chandeliers encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a Antlerchandeliers.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
TO ORDER PLEASE CALL
(406) 552-3370
Email: Jim@AntlerChandeliers.com
VISIT OUR SHOWROOM IN THE BITTERROOT VALLEY OF WESTERN MONTANA.
4486 RATHBUN LANE
STEVENSVILLE, MT  59870
OFFICE:  (406) 552-3370
CELLULAR: (406) 596-7277
Copyright © 2020
Antler Chandeliers and Lighting CompanyTerms of Service · Privacy Policy