http://www.knottyboy.com/about-us/our-policies/
You have (0) items in your cart
Home
About Us
Shop
Learn
Play
Blog
SCROLLTO TOPOF PAGE
About Us Our Policies
Our Story
Who Cares?
Giving Back
In the Media
Contact Us
OUR POLICIES
Shipping Policy
Order Processing Period
A two business-day order processing period is required for all orders placed with Knotty Boy. Knotty Boy is not open Saturday, Sunday or Canadian statutory holidays, so if an order is placed after 12pm on a Friday or during the holidays, it will likely not be shipped until the following Tuesday or Wednesday.
Correct Addresses Must be Provided
It is YOUR responsibility to make sure the address entered on your order form is correct. Any order that is returned to Knotty Boy due to incorrect shipping information provided will be charged the reshipping cost. PLEASE MAKE SURE ALL SHIPPING INFO IS CORRECT when placing an order and in the order confirmation email. If you have not received a confirmation email please Contact Us.
Shipping charges are non-refundable for all orders.
For all other shipping inquiries please refer to our Shipping Guide.
Return Policy
Knotty Boy will ONLY accept returns on unworn clothing and accessories. Knotty Boy reserves the right to determine what is re-saleable and in acceptable condition to be returned for a refund or exchange. Email us with the details of the return you wish to do, to have your item authorized for return before shipping it to us.
Knotty Boy does not issue refunds or exchanges on Body Products (ie. Knotty Boy Dread Wax, Shampoo, etc.), Underwear or Metal/Plastic Combs - whether they have been used or not - for reasons of hygiene. If the above items are returned, they are destroyed as Knotty Boy will not resell a previously purchased item to another customer. Knotty Boy trusts their customers appreciate knowing each product is new, safe and has not been tampered with.
Exchanged orders will be subject to reshipping charges unless the item is defective.
Shipping charges are non-refundable for all orders.
Privacy Policy
Knotty Boy is committed to protecting the privacy of people whose personal information is collected.
Any personal information provided to Knotty Boy is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act or other applicable legislation.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is recorded information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, birth date, e-mail address and phone number. When Knotty Boy collects personal information it must identify:
the purpose for collecting the personal information
the legal authority for collecting it
the title, business address and business telephone number of the company
What kind of information is being collected?
If you visit the Knotty Boy web site to browse, read pages, shop or download information, we will gather and store certain information about the visit. The following information is automatically collected and stored:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. This address can be translated to determine the domain name of your service provider (e.g. gov.bc.ca, xcompany.com or yourschool.edu)
The type of browser and operating system
The date and time of the visit
The web pages or services accessed
Information collected automatically is used for purposes such as assessing system performance, improving web services and web site management.
Knotty Boy does not use this data to determine your identity unless required to do so as part of an internal investigation or other law enforcement purpose.
Information Collected Directly From You
Personal information collected, used, disclosed and retained by Knotty Boy is done so under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act or other relevant legislation.
Personal information will only be used by authorized staff to fulfill the purpose for which it was originally collected, or for a use consistent with that purpose unless you expressly consent otherwise. We do not disclose your information or trade it in any way.
Knotty Boy does not collect personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to use specific online services. However, if you choose not to provide the information required for online services you may still be able to access Knotty Boy by traditional methods such as personal contact, fax or mail. Your decision not to participate in electronic service delivery activities will not impair your ability to browse the web site, buy our products, read or download any information provided on the site.
If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended please contact us.
What safeguards are in place?
Knotty Boy is obligated to protect your personal information by making reasonable security arrangements against such risks as unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure or disposal. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day operating practices as part of our continuing commitment to the protection of your personal information.
How long is information retained?
The length of retention will vary in relation to the nature of the service. If Knotty Boy uses your personal information to make a decision that directly affects you, it must retain that information for at least one year so that you have a reasonable opportunity to obtain access to it.
Links to other sites
Visitors should be aware that the Knotty Boy website includes links to websites operated by other businesses, individuals and organizations.
When you link to another site, this privacy policy will not apply, however, you may be subject to the privacy policy of that new site, if one exists.
Knotty Boy is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of external websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by your web browser when using some internet sites.
Cookies can also store personal information such as your name, e-mail address, home or work address, or telephone number.
Persistent cookies can use this type of personal information to identify you whenever you access a web site.
Sessional cookies are used to help you move around our website and do not store personal information.
Sessional cookies are valid only during the time you are actually using the website.
Knotty Boy does not use persistent cookies (which may store personal information) but may use sessional cookies (which do not store personal information).
If you have any questions about this privacy policy please contact us.
Knotty Boy DreadStuff Website Terms and Conditions
This website is provided by Vitamin A Industries, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "Vitamin A Industries, Inc"). Your use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions. Your use of the website constitutes acceptance of these terms.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS STATED BELOW, PLEASE IMMEDIATELY LOG OFF THIS WEBSITE.
Use of Materials on this Website
Vitamin A Industries, Inc. maintains this website for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the website. Without Vitamin A Industries, Inc.'s prior written permission, you may not reproduce, distribute, modify, display, prepare derivative works based on, repost or otherwise use the content of this website, except that you may download one copy of the material in temporal storage on one computer for your personal, non-commercial home viewing only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or other intellectual property right. If you are an owner of intellectual property who believes their intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via this site, please notify Vitamin A Industries, Inc. immediately at the following address: Vitamin A Industries, Inc., 1721 Grant Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada, V5L 2Y6
Attention: Legal Department.
Disclaimer
The material on this website could include technical inaccuracies or other errors. Your use and browsing of this website is at your risk. Neither Vitamin A Industries, Inc., nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, this website. Vitamin A Industries, Inc. does not warrant that the functional aspects of the website will be uninterrupted or error free or that this website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Vitamin A Industries, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this website at any time without notice.
Links
Vitamin A Industries, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this website in depth and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this website. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Vitamin A Industries, Inc. of the sites. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
General Provisions
Vitamin A Industries, Inc. may revise these terms from time to time by updating or revising this posting, with the revised terms taking effect on the date of its posting. Vitamin A Industries, Inc. controls and operates this website from its headquarters in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this website from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Vitamin A Industries, Inc. products are available in many parts of the world. However, this website may describe products that are not available worldwide. If any portion of these terms is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law to the greatest extent possible and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to this website must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
Copyrights
You should assume that everything you see or read on this website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the website, without the written permission of Vitamin A Industries, Inc. Vitamin A Industries, Inc. neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Vitamin A Industries, Inc. Images, photographs, or illustrations displayed on this website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Vitamin A Industries, Inc. The use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Vitamin A Industries, Inc., its affiliates and others. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of Vitamin A Industries, Inc. or any third party that may own the Trademark displayed on the website. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the website, or any other content on the website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Legal
CANADA:
Vitamin A Industries Inc dba Knotty Boy, 823 Powell St, Vancouver, BC, V6A 1H7
USA:
Vitamin A Industries USA Inc dba Knotty Boy, c/o Incorp Services, 4505 Pacific Hwy E, Ste C-2, Fife, WA, 98424
Store
Wholesale
Shipping · Returns
Track your Order
Store Locator
Get Involved
What Do You Think?
Link to Us
In the Media
Submit a Photo!
Information
FAQs
Our Policies
Site Map
Contact Us
© 1998 -
2020 Vitamin A Industries, Inc.  |  All Rights Reserved.