https://www.therussianstore.com/privacy-policy/
Christmas Holiday Deadlines Due to COVID-19 shipping schedules are not guaranteed. To increase chances of delivery by Christmas, place your order by Dec 15th using Standard, Dec 17th using Priority, or Dec 20th using Express delivery. 30% Off Storewide! This season we're making it even easier to save. All prices have been slashed by 30% off so you can stock up this season on all your favorite Russian gifts and collectibles.
Home /
Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyAt The Russian Store, we understand that your personal identifiable information, such as your name, address, phone number and anything else provided, are all managed with care. The reason for this privacy policy is to clarify what identifiable information we will collect from you when shopping through our web site. It will also discuss your choices on how we use your information and your accessibility to review and change the information you’ve given. If you are a user of this web site, please continue to read.To prove our commitment to your privacy, The Russian Store is a supporter of the guidelines and practices of the Direct Marketing Association’s Privacy Promise to American Consumers. This means that we agree to:Provide our customers with a notice of their options to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers; this means that you can choose whether or not to let us send your identifiable information to other retail companies who would like to contact you about their services and/or products.To respect the customer’s request when they have chosen to keep their identifiable information confidential.To respect the customer’s decision if they choose not to receive mail, telephone calls or other solicitations from The Russian Store.Collecting Your Information It is not necessary for you to give us any of your identifiable information when you are looking around our online store. Although, we do track the internet domain addresses from the visitors of our site, solely for the purpose of studying them to develop statistics and trends. You as an individual will still remain anonymous through this process unless you choose to voluntarily give us your identity.You will be required to provide information in some cases, such as when:Subscribing to a serviceOrdering a productRegistering for a catalogParticipating in contests, sweepstakes or promotionsSome of the information that you will need to submit include your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information, date of birth, gender, occupation, personal interests and other facts we may need to know to complete the process. We do keep a record of your online purchases. It is entirely up to you whether or not we pass on your personal identifiable information (not your financial information) to other companies for marketing purposes. If you choose not to provide this information, you will be unable to purchase products or obtain access to certain services, offers and content on our web site.We may need to contact you to verify a billing or shipping address, or to update your order. If this is the case, we reserve the right to delay your shipment until we make proper contact with you. If you have a time sensitive order, please be sure to provide a telephone number where you can be reached between the hours of 10 am and 6 pm Arizona Mountain Standard Time (MST)Our Use of Your Information After collecting required information from you, we will use it for internal purposes only. With this information, we will be able to track and confirm your orders, for subscription or registration purposes, to study trends and statistics, to send you mail/emails about new products, services, offers; and information about and from The Russian Store. We do establish business relationships with entities and persons that we believe to be trustworthy and offer our same privacy policy guidelines; these entities are known as our Select Partners. Most of the time, we will share and exchange information with our Select Partners about your personal identifiable details to allow them to contact you about their products and services that may interest you.For us to be able to serve you better, we combine information you provide to us online, in our stores or through catalogs. We also combine the information you’ve given to us with the publicly available information and information we receive or cross-reference with our Select Partners. This helps us to personalize and enhance your shipping experience with The Russian Store. It will also be used to communicate with you about our available products and events that we think will interest you. You may also be contacted for other promotional purposes.We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services that will include credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services and others. These are our Service Providers. We ensure that our service providers follow the same guidelines of our privacy policy before giving them your information to perform the services mentioned above.In rare cases, we will disclose your personal identifiable information when we believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing harm to you, The Russian Store or to others. If the law requires that your information is disclosed, we will do so.The Process of Editing, Updating and Deleting Your Information It is solely up to you whether or not you would like to be contacted by The Russian Store about products and promotions. If you have chosen not to receive information from us or our Select Partners, you can give us a call at 480-664-1383 or send us an email at support@therussianstore.com. Make sure to provide your email address, full name and the information you would do not want to receive from us. When trying to update the information you have provided to us, such as your email address, mailing address or any other personal information, you can call or email us as well. The time it takes to process your request, especially if it has to do with removing your name from a postal mailing list, is 6 – 8 weeks. When ordering from our online store or catalog, we may need to get in touch with you, even if you opted not to be contacted, to address any questions we have about your order.Note* If you decide to remove some of the information you’ve already provided, you may not be able to access certain parts of our web site or purchase products without entering the additional information.Protecting Children It is important for The Russian Store to protect the safety of children. Although our online store is for a general audience, we require that purchases only be made by adults 18 and older. Registrants of our web site are required to be at least 13 years of age; children between 13 and 17 do not receive email correspondences from us.Children who are under the age 13 should ask their parents or guardians for permission to provide personal information that is necessary for signing up with our site. If you are a parent or guardian, we urge you to please participate in your children’s online activities and use parental control or other filtering methods for the web to help supervise and protect young children.Use of Cookies The Russian Store web site does use cookies – this is a small amount of data that is received from your internet browser and stored on the hard drive of your computer – to help remind us of who you are. This also helps us to tailor our products and services to suit your individual interests. Cookies help us to estimate the size of our audience, to process your orders, track your status in a promotion/contest/sweepstakes, study your visiting patterns and to assist our online merchants to track sales and visits at their stores.If you want to avoid this, you can set your internet browser to not accept cookies or to have it notify you when a cookie is sent to you; in this case you can either accept or decline it. If you decide to disable the cookies in your browser, you may have limitations that prevent you from purchasing orders, checking your account status and getting access to other features available on our site.We may also contract with third parties who will use the cookies to collect information on our behalf. The third parties are not allowed to sell or share your information with anyone besides The Russian Store and its Service Providers. If you would like to be included in such services, feel free to participate. Make sure to email us if you would not like to participate in these services.Third Party Links You may find that our web site contains web site links that are operated and managed by third parties; we have no control over them. The privacy policies on these third party links may be different from ours, so make sure to read their policy before providing them with your personal information. Once you have clicked on the third party links, you are entering at your own risk. Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe CompanyAbout UsContact UsBlogShoppingShipping InfoAdvanced SearchPopular SearchesSitemapAccountMy AccountOrder StatusLogin or RegisterLegal InfoReturn PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseSocialFacebookTwitterPinterestYouTubeInstagram Copyright © 2020 The Russian Store, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Post your comment Name Email CommentSubmitThe Russian Store