https://www.bujindesign.com/privacy-policy
HomeOrganic and FairKeiko - GiHakamaLeather CraftsWeaponsAccessories
To category Organic and Fair
Jackets
Pants
To category Keiko - Gi
Jackets
Pants
To category Hakama
Custom Made
Standard
To category Leather Crafts
Tsuba
Musha Shugyo
To category Weapons
Jo
Aikido Bokken
Specialized Bokken
Iaito
Steel Iaito
Japanese Iaito
Customized Iaito
To category Accessories
Bags
Misc.
Coupons
Privacy Policy
Close menu
Categories
Organic and Fair
Keiko - Gi
Hakama
Leather Crafts
Weapons
Accessories
Information
Kontakt
Impressum
Datenschutz
Privacy Policy Your information is safe with us!
Data proctection Your data is safe with us. We process and use personal data only for processing orders and maintaining customer relations. The necessary data may be transferred to an economic information service for the purposes of credit checks.Data shall only be forwarded for external marketing purposes if this is legally permitted for this data. Your e-mail address will stay with Bu Jin® Design/Kendo24 and it will not be used by third parties!We will provide free of charge information about the data saved under your name or pseudonym at your request. If you would like to receive this information, please send a message to info(at)bujindesign.com. We are also obligated to amend, block or delete the data that we have saved concerning you.We will only request and use your personal data for processing orders, unless you wish to use other services.In order to process and deliver your order, we will only give your data to the delivery service that is delivering your order.We also offer the following services:
Sending a newsletter with the latest offers Registration as a Bu Jin® Design/Kendo24 user Participation in prize draws
If you decide at a later point that you no longer wish to use these services, you may cancel them at any time. To cancel these services, please send a message to info(at)bujindesign.com .
Cookies A “cookie” is a small data file that we transfer onto your computer when you surf through our pages. A cookie may only contain information that we send to your computer - it cannot be used to read private data. If you accept the cookies on our pages, we do not have access to your personal information, but we can use the cookies to identify your computer.We will not connect the data saved in our cookies with your personal data (name, address etc.) without your express permission. We maybe use cookies for the following purposes.
To recognise you the next time you visit our site, so that we can display your preferred pre-settings in the shopping basket (language, country of delivery and username). So that you can use certain other services, e.g. displaying the page in your language, personalisation of our pages etc. So that we can tailor our pages to meet our customers’ needs even better.
Most browsers accept cookies as standard. You can allow or block temporary and saved cookies independently of one another in the security settings. If you deactivate cookies, certain features of our site may not be available to you and some websites may not be displayed correctly.   Data security
We use SSL (RSA 1024 Bit) as decoding and security software. This process is used successfully throughout the whole of the World Wide Web. You can tell that you are in a secure area by the symbol (a closed padlock) in your browser’s bottom window bar. All of your personal data (name, address, credit card no. bank sort code, account number and so on) are locked and transferred securely on the Internet.Only our Bu Jin® Design/Kendo24 service can decode your data again. Unauthorised parties cannot read your information during the transfer!
Recently viewed
We use cookies. Some of them are technically necessary (for example for the shopping cart), others help us improve our website and to offer you a better user experience.
You accept the following cookies by clicking on Accept all. You will find further information in the privacy settings, where you can also change your selection at any time. Just go to the page with the privacy policy. To our privacy statement...
Google Analytics: Tracking and Analysis ,  Facebook Pixel: Tracking and Analysis
Accept only technically necessary
Accept all
Technisch notwendige Cookies
immer aktiv
Funktionale Cookies ermöglichen es einer Webseite, bereits getätigte Angaben (wie zum Beispiel Benutzernamen, Sprachauswahl oder der Ort, an dem Sie sich befinden) zu speichern und dem Nutzer verbesserte, persönlichere Funktionen anzubieten.
Google Analytics
active inactive
Facebook Pixel
active inactive
Speichern
Accept all