http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/customer-service/frequently-asked-questions/hel00002/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Customer Service
Next
FAQs
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Customer Service
FAQs
Go to Category: FAQs
Cancel
Apply
Frequently Asked Questions
Read some of our most common customer queries to check if your question has been answered already.
FAQs About Your Order
FAQs About WHSmith.co.uk
FAQs About WHSmith
FAQs About Gift Cards
FAQs About Your Order
Where is my order?
If you have created a WHSmith Account then you will be able to log in and track your order. If you placed your order as a guest then our customer services team can advise you on its progress using your order number. Please bear in mind that if your item was out of stock when the order was placed then the delivery time will be later than usual while we wait for stock to arrive.
Can I cancel or change my order?
Requests to cancel all or some of your order will be accepted where possible, but if your order has reached a certain point in the process then we will be unable to cancel it. We cannot make changes to an order other than to cancel some or all of the items. Same Day Click & Collect orders can only be cancelled in store or by waiting for auto-cancellation after 10 days of non-collection. Find out more about Cancelling an Order here.
Is my order ready for collection from store?
We will email or text you when your item(s) are ready for collection.
If you would like to call to check that the store has your item(s) you'll find the store's contact details here.
I think my order has been lost in the post. What do I do?
Please allow 10 working days for your item(s) to arrive from the day we sent you a dispatch email (we can chase your order with our carriers after this period). If it has not arrived after 10 working days, please email Customer Services with your order number.
How do I arrange a return or refund?
You can bring the item to a WHSmith high street store along with your order dispatch email to arrange a return (terms and exclusions apply). Or you can post the item back to us at the freepost address printed on your order’s delivery note. Please note that orders paid for by Laybuy cannot be returned in store. Same Day Click & Collect orders can only be returned to store. Find out more about Returns and Refunds here.
I have received some of the items I ordered. Where are the rest?
We send items as soon as stock is available, and so if your items come into stock at different times then you will most likely receive them at different times. If you have a WHSmith Account then you can log in to track the progress of your items.
If we have sent your items separately you will still only pay the delivery charge stated when you placed the order.
Can I return an online order to a WHSmith store?
Yes – in most cases our high street stores* would be happy to take your returned item, although heavy and large items may not be possible and we would recommend contacting our customer services team to arrange collection instead. Please note that orders paid for by Laybuy cannot be returned in store. Find out more about Returns and Refunds here.
*Stores in airports, hospitals, motorway services and WHSmith concessions are unable to receive your item.
How long will my order take to arrive?
Delivery times will vary depending on the method of delivery you select and whether the product is in stock. Next Day Delivery is available for certain products if ordered before 12pm, Monday – Thursday. Find out more about Delivery Options here.
Can I track my order?
Yes – If you have a WHSmith Account then you can log in to track your order.
Back to top
FAQs About WHSmith.co.uk
Why are prices different online to in stores?
There are different overheads with a web business, and so we’re able to offer different prices than WHSmith stores. Find out more about our Online Prices here.
Do you ship outside the UK?
No – unfortunately we do not deliver to addresses outside the UK, but we can take orders from overseas to deliver to UK addresses. Find out more about Delivery and Collection here.
What payment methods does WHSmith accept?
Debit and credit cards, PayPal, Laybuy, gift cards and a credit account can be used to pay for an order. Find out more about Online Payment here.
Why do I need to create an account?
You do not need to create an account to shop with WHSmith.co.uk, you can place your order as a guest instead. However, there are benefits to creating an account, such as being able to track your order online, request a cancellation online and to make shopping with us again quicker and easier.
Where can I find out about WHSmith product recalls?
All our product recalls will be listed on our Product Recalls Page
What is Click & Collect?
Click & Collect is one of our delivery methods which allows you to collect your order from a WHSmith store. If stock is available then you can choose Same Day Click & Collect, or you can have stock delivered to the store using Next Day Click & Collect. Click here to find out more about Click & Collect and our other delivery methods.
Is payment secure on the WHSmith website?
Yes – we use the best security software available to ensure your personal information is protected to the highest standard. Click here to find out more about secure payment.
How do I set up a credit account?
You can apply to convert your standard customer account to a credit account by completing an application form. Find more information on credit accounts here.
How much does delivery cost?
Delivery costs vary depending on the delivery method you select. Free delivery may be available for some products and baskets over a certain amount.
Find out more about Delivery Options and Costs here.
How do I create an account?
You will be given the option to create an account when you place an order with us. You will then only need to enter your details once, and they will saved for your next order. You can also create an account by going to My Account > Register.
Can I order over the phone?
No – our customer services team are unable to place orders for you over the phone, but they can try to guide you if you get into trouble using our website.
How does age verification work?
Some products on our website require us to confirm that you are above the legal age to buy them before we can sell them to you. A message will appear next to these items to let you know that age verification is required. We can verify your age using your credit card or PayPal account, or by using you name and date of birth to identify you using our age verification tool supplied by Capita. If you fail age verification then you will be unable to buy these items and will need to remove them from your basket to proceed with your order.
Can I buy eBooks from WHSmith?
eBooks are available to buy from our partner website Kobo.com
Back to top
FAQs About WHSmith
How can I find out about WHSmith job vacancies?
Our careers website lists our latest job vacancies in stores and head office. Click here to search and apply.
How can I contact WHSmith?
Our customer services team is available on phone and email. You can find our contact details here.
Can I apply to become an affiliate?
Yes – our affiliate programme is accepting applications. Visit our page on becoming an affiliate to find out more.
Where can I find out more about WH Smith PLC?
The WH Smith PLC website offers information on WHSmith PLC, including press releases, corporate responsibility and information for students.
Back to top
FAQs About Gift Cards
How do I register a gift pack?
Most gift packs can be registered online by entering your details into the relevant website. Click here for a full list of gift pack types and where to register them.
Can I use a WHSmith Gift Card online?
Yes – you can pay for some or all of your order online using a WHSmith Gift Card. You will need to enter the card number and security code at the checkout. Find out more about Payment Methods here.
How do I spend an e-gift card?
After purchasing an e-gift card from WHSmith you will receive an email with your e-gift voucher. This can only be spent on the website specified on the voucher, and cannot be redeemed on the WHSmith website. Instructions on how to use your e-gift card will be included with the email.
Back to top
If your query is not answered above, our customer services team is available Monday-Friday 9am-5pm on: support@whsmith.co.uk
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies