http://www.bev-bel.com/corp/privacy.aspx
Submit
Home
Auctions
Model Train Store
Current Location
Home
Privacy
Site Navigation
Athearn
Atlas
Bachmann
Bev-Bel
BLMA Models
ExactRail
Kadee
Kato
Life-Like
Roundhouse
Stewart
Tangent Scale Models
Privacy Statement
We value the privacy of our customers and are committed to protecting and
respecting your privacy. The following Privacy Statement sets forth our Privacy
Policy and explains what we do with the personal information that we may collect
from you and how this information is used. This privacy statement covers the
Web pages belonging to www.bev-bel.com .
It does not cover the privacy policies of our partners and/or affiliates.
When someone visits the Site, our web servers automatically gather information
that allows the site to communicate with the visitor's computer during the
visit. We also track such information as the number of visits to the site,
which parts of the site visitors select, IP address (the Internet address assigned
to your computer from your Internet Service Provider), domain type, browser
type (e.g., Netscape or Internet Explorer), date and time of day. We use those
types of information for statistical purposes that help us design and administer
the Site. Those types of information do not disclose Personal Information that
would permit us to identify or locate individual visitors.
We ask for your name, email address and other personal information when you
register to use certain features of our website, or if you sign up for special
or personalized services i.e., discussion forums or email newsletters. We may
also collect your email address when you submit content to our site.
Cookies
At this time, we may store a limited number of cookies on your computer when
you look at or use our web site. A cookie is a small packet of information
that is stored by a web browser on the local hard drive of a visitor’s
computer for record keeping purposes. The purpose of a cookie is to help
us analyze web traffic to our site. By gathering and remembering information
about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your
needs, likes and dislikes. We also use this information to verify that visitors
meet the criteria required to process their requests. Additionally, this
file identifies specific information about previous visits to the site.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to recognize repeat visits to our website and to facilitate
Web navigation and online shopping. The cookie stores the user's country and
language, along with an assigned random session ID. In some cases, the cookie
stores name and address information so that the customer does not have to re-enter
this same information in multiple forms.
The cookie information that we collect helps us track the number of visitors
to the website over time and determine whether these were new or repeat visits.
For the purpose of internal analysis, we also use cookies to track pages visited
during a single session. We use this information to adjust the presentation
of our website and to make it more relevant to our users.
Do we keep cookie data private?
Information collected by us through the use of cookies is maintained as confidential
data and is not shared beyond the company and its authorized agents. To the
extent required or permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose
personal information in connection with security related or law enforcement
investigations or in the course of cooperating with authorities or complying
with legal requirements.
Can I block cookies on the Bev-Bel.com website?
You can erase or block this information from your computer if you want to.
Most browser applications allow you to block or limit the use of cookies. Consult
the help menu of your browser application for details. If you block the use
of cookies, you will not be able to use some of the features on the www.bev-bwl.com
site, including the forum and online account management services.
Hyperlinks
Our site contains links to other web sites that www.bev-bel.com does
not own, control or maintain. Please be aware that we are not responsible for
the privacy practices of these other sites. We recommend that you review the
privacy policy of the other sites and any information that you submit to those
sites is subject to their privacy polices.
Regarding children
This site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not
intend to collect personal information or information from individuals who
identify themselves as children under the age of 13. Parents are encouraged to supervise their children’s online activities
and consider use parental control tools that help provide for a safe child
friendly environment.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement and related business
practices at any time by posting updated text on this site.
Last Policy Update: April 28, 2015.