https://www.swaylocks.com/terms
Skip to main content
Register
Login
Help
Terms of Use
You are hereHome
We respect the privacy of our users. Please take a moment to review our privacy policy if you have any concerns regarding privacy, contact us at feedback@swaylocks.com for more information.
Acceptance of Terms
Swaylocks.com provides a collection of online resources, including classified ads, forums, and various email services, (referred to hereafter as "the Service") subject to the following Terms of Use ("Terms"), which may be updated by Swaylocks.com from time to time. Swaylocks.com will provide notice of materially significant changes to the Term by posting notice on the Swaylocks.com site. By using the Service in any way, you are agreeing to comply with these Terms. In addition, when using particular Swaylocks.com services, you agree to abide by any applicable posted guidelines for all Swaylocks.com services, which may change from time to time. Should you object to any term or condition of these Terms, any guidelines, or any subsequent modifications thereto or become dissatisfied with Swaylocks.com in any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of Swaylocks.com.
Content
You understand that all postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("Content") posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Service, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. More specifically, you are entirely responsible for all Content that you post, email or otherwise make available via the Service. You understand that Swaylocks.com does not control, and is not responsible for Content made available through the Service, and that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. Furthermore, the Swaylocks.com site and Content available through the Service may contain links to other websites, which are completely independent of Swaylocks.com. Swaylocks.com makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such site. Your linking to any other webites is at your own risk. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, that you may not rely on said Content, and that under no circumstances will Swaylocks.com be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that Swaylocks.com does not pre-screen or approve Content, but that Swaylocks.com shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any Content that is available via the Service, for violating the letter or spirit of the Terms or for any other reason.
Notification of Claims of Infringement
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please notify Swaylock's agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement ("Agent"), at admin at swaylocks.com.
Please provide our Agent with the following Notice:
Identify the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
Identify the material on the Swaylocks.com site that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the website;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (a) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (b) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;
Your address, telephone number, and email address; and
Your physical or electronic signature.
Swaylock's will gladely remove the infringing posting(s), subject to the the procedures outlined in the Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA).
Trademarks
The names, logos, and taglines identifying Swaylocks.com products and services are proprietary marks and the Intellectual Property of SWAYLOCKS.COM. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Content Submission
Certain areas of the SWAYLOCKS.COM Web Site allow for the exchange of information between you, the USER, and SWAYLOCKS.COM . SWAYLOCK'S does not claim ownership of the Content You place on the Website and shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Content. Unless otherwise stated herein, or in SWAYLOCKS.COM's Legal and Privacy Notices, any Content You provide in connection with this Website shall be deemed to be provided on a nonconfidential basis. SWAYLOCKS.COM shall be free to use or disseminate such Content on an unrestricted basis for any purpose, and You grant SWAYLOCKS.COM and all other users of the Website an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, display, perform, adapt, resell and publish such Content (including in digital form). You represent and warrant that you have proper authorization for the worldwide transfer and processing among SWAYLOCKS.COM, its affiliates, and third-party providers of any information that You may provide on the Website.
USER Responsibility
The USER assumes all responsibility for use of the SWAYLOCKS.COM Web Site. The USER waives all claims against SWAYLOCKS.COM, its officers, directors, employees, suppliers and programmers that may arise from the utilization of the SWAYLOCKS.COM Web Site.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
SWAYLOCKS.COM makes no expressed or implied warranty as to the accuracy or merchantability of content or programming. THE SYSTEM, SERVICES, DATA, IMAGES, TEXT, PROGRAMS, AND OTHER MATERIALS FOUND IN THE SWAYLOCKS.COM WEB SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. INFORMUS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO USER FOR ANY CLAIM(S) RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SYSTEM, ANY OF THE SERVICES, DATA, IMAGES, TEXT, PROGRAMS, OR OTHER MATERIALS.
Accuracy of Information
While all reasonable attempts are made to ensure the accuracy of the information, neither SWAYLOCKS.COM, nor its information contributors can be held responsible by USER for the accuracy of the information found in the SWAYLOCKS.COM Web Site. SWAYLOCKS.COM makes no expressed or implied warranty as to the accuracy or merchantability of content or programming.
Top
x
x