http://www.quakekare.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policyThank you for visiting www.quakekare.com.
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information
collected
at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using
the site or
submitting any personal information. By using the site, you
are
accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These
practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes
will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not
retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy
whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any
personal information you provide will be used.Note: the privacy
practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only.
Any sites linked to by this site are governed by the privacy policies
posted at those sites. Collection Of InformationLighthouse for the Blind/Quake Kare collects personally identifiable information, like names,
postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by
our visitors. The information you provide is only used to fulfill your
specific request.  Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site
may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features
offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering
information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the
number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the
Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal
information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking
technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable
information, cookies may be tied to such information. Cookie
information
is not shared with any third parties Distribution of InformationLHB
Industries may share information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do
so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect
against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized
transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
The information is not provided to these companies for marketing
purposes.  Commitment to Data SecurityYour
personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized
employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information
secure and confidential) have access to this information.  Payment Card Industry Data Security StandardLHB
Industries uses ChargeLogic to process your credit card payment.  ChargeLogic meets CISP, PCI and other payment card association’s regulations and
standards. Your credit card information is never saved on any systems
inside LHB Industries’ network. We utilize tokenization which offers unparelled protection to your banking information.  Learn more about ChargeLogic here https://www.chargelogic.com/ Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:customerservice@lhbindustries.com            314-423-4333 We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Loading