https://www.mansoura.com/privacy_policy.html
GIFTS
PASTRIES
CONFECTIONS
CHOCOLATES
COOKIES
HORS D'OEUVRES
About Us
Contact Us
…
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mansoura® is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers. Please review our policy statement for detailed information.
Collecting Your Information - Our site uses an order and registration form so that you can request information, products and services. However, you can visit our site at any time without identifying yourself or providing any personal information.
Our order form asks for contact information about you (email address, mailing address, telephone number). This is used to fulfill your order and to get in touch with you when necessary. The financial information you provide (credit card number and expiration, billing address, etc.) is used to bill you for products and services. We use SSL (secure socket layer) to protect the security of your credit card information.
Using Your Information - We do not sell or rent the information you provide us to third parties.
If you have any hesitation about placing an order with us online, we invite you to make your purchase by phone by calling 718.645.7977.
Removing Your Information-You may request to have your name and email address removed from our mailing list at any time by emailing us. Your name and email address will be removed immediately. However, if you place an order after removing your email address from our mailing list, you will still receive an email confirmation of your order.
Protecting Your Credit Information - Mansoura uses a sophisticated secure encryption server on which to store all of your personal and financial information. This information is maintained in our company and is not available to anyone outside our company. In addition, we have strong internal security measures in place to prevent the loss, alteration or misuse of your information once it is in our records.
We do recommend that you keep your password in a safe place and that you remember to sign off your account when you have completed your order.
Contacting Mansoura - If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us in one of the following ways:
By Mail:
Mansoura
515 Kings Highway
Brooklyn, NY 11223
By Phone: 718.645.7977
By Email: email us
Your Agreement With Us-When you use our site or place an order with us, you agree to the collection of information outlined above in our privacy policy. Should it become necessary to update this policy, we will post all changes on our site and those changes will go into effect when posted.
Store Policy
Sales are final.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges on special orders.
Support
Support
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy