http://www.blythewoodworks.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content PRIVACY POLICY We respect and protect your privacy. We do not sell your information to third party mailing lists. Other questions are answered below.This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Blythe Wood Works (BWW). What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the BWW Network, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the BWW Network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement. We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors. What are cookies?From time to time, BWW or its advertisers may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of BWW’s Network you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. What information do you collect when I register for something?BWW offers access to some services that require registration. We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of BWW products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail. What other information do you request?We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists, or information about conferences and trade shows). Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested.We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy that means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party without your consent or as permitted by this Privacy Policy.We may from time to time send e-mail announcing new BWW products and services. Except as stated above, BWW will not send you e-mail that you have not agreed to receive. When you register for a contest or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?BWW will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary, to:Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BWW;Protect and defend the rights or property of the BWW Network of sites and related properties, or visitors to the BWW Network of sites and related properties;Identify persons who may be violating the law, the BWW legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the BWW Network or its related properties;Fulfill a user's order or request.BWW uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. BWW reserves the right to transfer all such information in connection with the sale of all or part of BWW’s capital stock or assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users. What else should I know about my privacy when online?The BWW Network may contain hyperlinks to third party Web sites. BWW is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers. BWW does not share any of the individual personal information you provide BWW with the third parties to which BWW links, except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although BWW may share general, aggregate data with such third parties (such as how many people use our site). Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy.Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online. Your Consent To This AgreementBy using the BWW Network, you consent to the collection and use of information by BWW as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Please send any questions about the BWW Privacy Policy to: privacy@blythewoodworks.com.
Scroll to Top