http://www.cedarsign.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
Search site:
Submit search
Helpful Links
Login
/
Register
My Account
/
Logout
|
Checkout
Nav Menu 2
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
Cedar Sign Company recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web site. Our Privacy Policy is the fine print in large print! This is a very big deal and we are serious about it! We are proud of our Carved Wood Signs and Designs from Western Red Cedar, Home and House Name Signs, Personalized Engraved Welcome Signs of for the Cabin or RV so we created this policy with a fundamental respect for our customers' right to privacy and to guide our relationships with our customers.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Cedar Sign Company collects information from our website users, subscribers and other customers. In this section of our Privacy Statement, we describe the type of information we collect and how we use it to provide better services to our customers.ORDERING During transactions of sale, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services only. Payment requires we also collect credit card information (such as account name, number and expiration date), which is used for our billing purposes only, and is not otherwise shared or stored.COMMUNICATIONS WITH USService Updates, Special Offers In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our products and services. For example, we send new members a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected web site. We may also communicate with a customer to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail.AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION Our web site, newsletters and, from time to time, certain other products and services have features that automatically collect information from customers, to deliver content specific to customers' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating products and services that will serve the needs of our customers.For example, we use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our web site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our web siteFor our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our web sites. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.We may combine demographic information supplied by a customer with web site usage data to provide general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable form, about our customers and their preferences in the content of the site and advertising. We NEVER share this composite information with advertisers or business affiliates.WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies. We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Users should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.SECURITYCHILDREN Cedar Sign Company's website is not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age, and we have no intention to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals.NOTIFICATION and CHANGES If we change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.For questions about this Privacy Statement, contact:Legal Department, Cedar Sign Company, 1438 Maras St, Shakopee, MN 55379