https://www.honeygirlwaterwear.com/privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to honeygirlwaterwear.com, to understand our practices.
What Personal Information About Customers Does honeygirlwaterwear.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at honeygirlwaterwear.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses honeygirlwaterwear.com.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail fromhoneygirlwaterwear.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as Express Checkout purchasing, personalized greetings, and storage of items in Saved for Later or your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of honeygirlwaterwear.com’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does honeygirlwaterwear.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.