https://www.motovideo.com/motovideo_privacy_policy
$
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Categories
Home
All Products
Motorcycle Videos
Biker & Harley DVDs (99)
Motocross DVDs (156)
Sportbike & Stunt DVD (61)
Superbike DVDs (106)
Supercross DVDs (30)
Supermoto DVD (7)
Technique and How-To Videos (5)
Touring & Riding DVD (11)
Vintage Motorcycles DVD (21)
Show All Motorcycle Videos
Off-Road Videos
POV Cameras
Contour Cameras (14)
Drift Cameras (4)
Generic POV Cameras (5)
GoPro Cameras (17)
Polaroid Cameras (7)
Replay (0)
Sony Cameras (7)
Tachvon Cameras (2)
Show All POV Cameras
Drone Cameras
Audio & Radios
Software
Bigasoft Software (6)
Magix Software (19)
Show All Software
Trailers
Used Videos
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Motovideo.com is designed to deliver an unsurpassed online shopping experience for our customers. We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the information we may gather about you, and we appreciate your trust that we will use that information carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our Privacy Policy. By using Motovideo.com, or otherwise interacting with Motovideo.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Types of InformationThe information we learn from shoppers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience. Listed below are the general types of information we gather: Information You Provide to Us: When you sign up for a Motovideo.com account, we receive and store any information you provide to us when you complete an order, apply for our newsletter, or communicate with customer service by e-mail, or otherwise. This information may include your name, address, email address, shopping interests and preferences, transaction history, and other personal data. You can choose not to provide certain information.
We use the information that you provide for customizing future shopping and savings opportunities for you, improving our services, and communicating with you. Financial
information (such as account or credit card numbers) is generally collected by
third party payment processors such as Amazon.com, or Paypal. Contact
information from the order form is occasionally used to send order updatess and
information about our company to our customers. Any email or written correspondence that you
send us may be stored. Data from any monetary transaction taking place via Motovideo.com
may be stored.Information Gathered automatically:We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Your IP address and browser
information are stored in a "cookie" file to help identify you and
your shopping cart. A cookie is a small data file that web sites write to your
hard drive. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive nor read other cookie
files. You can refuse cookies by turning this option off in your browser. You
do not need to have cookies turned on to purchase items from Motovideo.com.
However, cookies are needed if you wish to store items in your shopping cart
between visits to the site. Examples of the information we may collect includes products you viewed or searched for.
This information may be used to provide you with better shopping or savings opportunities through advertisements on this Web site, or to conduct market research analysis. Security and Confidentiality
Motovideo.com restricts access to personal information to Motovideo.com
employees, moderators, contractors and agents who need to access the
information to operate, sustain, improve or repair our services. These
individuals are bound to confidentiality agreements and may be subject to
discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to
meet these obligations.
Data Integrity
Motovideo.com processes personal information only for the purposes for which it
was collected and in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We review our data collection,
storage, and process practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and
process the information needed to provide our services. We depend on our users
to update or correct their own personal information.
Information Sharing
Motovideo.com does not share personal information with other individuals ,
organizations, or companies outside of Motovideo.com, unless we have your
consent, or in accordance with the following:1. We believe it necessary to share information in order to
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected
fraud, or potential threats to the physical safety of any person.2. We must respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or
to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 3. You purchase from an affiliate.  Due to the nature of our marketplace, we work with trusted partners to provide related products
that we do not offer. Our site might contain links to other sites.  Motovideo.com is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of third-party web sites.
Uses of Collected Information
Motovideo.com uses collected information to enhance your experience online,
authenticate you when you sign in, send notifications, fulfill your requests
for services, contact you, customize the advertising or content that you see,
and to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Choice/Opt OutIf you would like to opt out of our newsletter or would like to discontinue receiving periodic e-mail communications from us, you
can use the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions within the message you
received.  If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, you can also
request to be removed from our mailing list by the methods below:1.
Send email to: admin@motovideo.com2.
Send regular mail to:
Motovideo.com
PO Box 2558Blue Jay, CA 92317