https://www.allenedmonds.com/customer-service/privacy-policy.html
New
New Men's Styles
Shoes & Boots
Clothing
Belts & Accessories
Custom Shoes
Shoes
Men's Shoes
Dress Shoes
Casual Shoes
Oxfords & Derbys
Loafers & Slip-Ons
Boat Shoes & Driving Mocs
Sneakers
Sandals
All Shoes
Men's Boots
Dress Boots
Casual Boots
Chukka Boots
Chelsea Boots
Lace-Up Boots
All Boots
Collections
Cordovan Collection
Top Rated Styles
Weatherproof & Waterproof
Best Sellers
Made in the USA
Business Casual
Comfort & Travel
Extended Sizes
Wide Width Shoes
Custom Sole Styles
Sustainable Styles
Heritage Classics
Clothing
Men's Clothing
Shirts & Sweaters
Sport Coats
Outerwear
Jeans, Pants & Shorts
Ties & Pocket Squares
Socks
Hats, Gloves & Scarves
Accessories
Belts
Dress Belts
Casual Belts
Bags
Briefcases
Backpacks
Travel Bags
Personal Accessories
Home & Gifts
Eyewear & Sunglasses
Wallets
Watches & Jewelry
Umbrellas & Rainwear
Gift Cards
Shoe Care
Men's Shoe Care
Shoe Trees
Brushes
Cloths & Bags
Laces
Polish, Creams & Cleaner
Overshoes & Insoles
Shoe Horns
Woodlore
Explore
Style
Sneaker Shop
Boot Shop
Gift Shop
How to Lace Dress Shoes
Craftsmanship
Our History
Our Leathers
Our Lasts
Our Welts
Our Soles
Glossary of Terms
Find the Right Fit
Collaborations
Alan J Collection
Civilianaire
Cockpit USA
Logan Maxwell
Pendleton
Southwick
Recrafting
Sale
Holiday Sale
40% Off Dress Shoes
30% Off Boots Sale
$100 off Casual Shoes
$199 Sneakers
25% Off Clothing
25% Off Belts & Accessories
25% Off Shoe Care
Gift Ideas Under $100
Gift Ideas Under $250
Unique Gifts
Men's Sale
New to Sale
Shoes & Boots
Belts
Clothing
Accessories
Bags & Wallets
Shoe Care
Factory Second Shoes & Boots
Home
Security & Privacy
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service
Frequently Asked QuestionsContact UsShipping & ReturnsInternational Shipping & ReturnsSecurity & PrivacyAccount Terms & Conditions
Security and Privacy
Security Guarantee
We guarantee that every transaction with AllenEdmonds.com will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if any unauthorized charges are applied to your credit card as a result of shopping with us.
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and one of the best ways to secure commerce transactions. SSL encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet. Independent third parties scan AllenEdmonds.com daily to ensure security and certify our website is PCI compliant.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this amount, AllenEdmonds.com will cover the entire liability for you up to the full $50.00.
We will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card happened through no fault of your own from purchases made at AllenEdmonds.com while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with that company’s reporting rules and procedures.
Allen Edmonds Privacy Policy
This policy describes how AllenEdmonds.com collects, uses, and shares personal information. AllenEdmonds.com is a wholly owned division of Caleres, Inc. You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
Types of Information We Collect
Use and Processing of Information
Sharing of Information
Your Choices
California Privacy Rights
Nevada Consumers
How We Protect Personal Information
Miscellaneous
Contact Information
Types Of Information We Collect
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Type of Data, Purpose for Collection, and Use of Data
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Demographic Information
We may collect information such as your age or location.
Distance Information
When you use one of our apps, we may collect your location from the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cell phone or device to determination your distance from one of our stores.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.
Employment
If you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee.
This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we may collect your email address or postal address.
Mobile Device
We may collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information that is sent from your device when visiting our website or one of our stores.
Order Placement
We may collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and payment card information when you place an order.
Collector Program
In order to become a Collector Program Member, you may be asked to provide your contact information, such as your name, email address or mailing address. We use your information to administer the Collector Program, which includes, among other things, detecting security incidents, and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. When you use your account log in at checkout, we will also collect information about your purchases. This information is used to reward members for their purchases and to determine what products and offers may be of particular interest to you. By becoming a member, you will be able to take advantage of member benefits. Members may also receive offers and information about new promotions, fashion trends, etc. In order to earn points for online purchases, all you have to do is enter your account log in at checkout.
Partner Promotion
We may collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey or contest we may collect information that you provide through that process. If the survey is provided by a third party, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
Sweepstakes/Contests
When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information that you provide through that process which may include your contact information to notify you if you are selected.
Third Party Tracking
We participate in behavior-based advertising.
This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests.
That advertising may appear either on our websites, or on other websites.
You can opt-out of receiving advertising based upon your browsing behavior from some network advertising companies by going to the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites, although to completely prevent advertising based upon your browsing behavior you should also disable the cookies on your browser.
Web logs
We may collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
Cookies and first party tracking
We may use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed. We may use both session cookies (which expire once a web browser is closed) and persistent cookies (which stay on a device until deleted).
Among other things, cookies allow us to provide a more personal and interactive experience and to improve our marketing efforts. Persistent cookies may be removed by following instructions provided by your browser.
If you choose to disable cookies some areas or features of our websites may not work properly.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
Use and Processing Of Your Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we may use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our websites or our stores.
To provide products and services you request or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationship with you.
Sharing Of Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share your information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).
If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, we will also share your information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.
We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Public. You may have the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.
If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available.
Partner Promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.
If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner, the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them.
Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers.
Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you as well as targeted offers from third parties.
You can choose to stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. We will remove your name from our mailing lists after receiving your request within the timeframe permitted by law; however, you may still receive mailings that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you transactional communications such as messages related to your account, order fulfillment, product ratings, or other service-related communications.
Promotional Mailings.
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or promotional mailings from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us at help@AllenEdmonds.com with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed. For address updates, please contact customer service or email us at help@AllenEdmonds.com with "ADDRESS CHANGE" in the subject line and provide your name, old address and new address in the body of the email.
Promotional Text Messages. If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Changes to Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your personal information.
Our website allows you to modify or delete your account profile. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion of Your Personal Information. Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
You may, however, request that we delete your personal information.
All requests for deletion must be directed to the contact in the “Contact Information” section below. We may also decide to delete your information if we believe the data is incomplete, inaccurate, or that our continued storage and use is contrary to our obligations to other individuals or third parties. When we delete information, it will be removed from our active database, but it may remain in archives where it is not practical or possible to delete it.
In addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements.
Revocation of Consent. We rely on the processing of personal information that you provide. Therefore, if you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
Access to Your Personal Information. If required by law, upon request, we will grant reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.
All requests must be directed to the contact in the “Contact Information” section below.
Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
California Privacy Rights
Shine the Light Inquiry. California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. If you would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to us as described in the "Contact Information" section below and indicate that you are a California resident making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry.
Online Erasure Request For Minors. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of this site, you may request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please submit a written request to us as described in the "Contact Information" section below and indicate that you are a California resident making a "California Online Erasure" request. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete removal of the content or information you have posted, and there may be circumstance in which the law does not require or permit removal.
Notice of Financial Incentive under California Law.
We offer our customers a Collector Program that provides certain perks, such as rewards, promotions, and exclusive offers (the “Collector Program”).
When you sign up for the Collector Program we will ask you to provide your name and email address.
Because our Collector Program involves the collection of personal information, it might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under California law.
The value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services that you obtain. This value is based on the expense related to offering those free or discounted products or services. You may withdraw from participating in the Collector Program at any time by contacting customer service at 1-877-817-7615.
Visit the Collector page to view full program rules, including how to join.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you are a resident of California, you have specific rights regarding your personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access Request Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose to you certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. If we receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from you, and as required by law, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The right to know (individually) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. If we receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from you, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion RightsTo exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at CCPA@caleres.com
Calling us at 800-832-9255 and indicating you have an Allen Edmonds CCPA request.
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity.
We may verify identity by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.
We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf.
You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request:
A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.
If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.
Annual Data Requests
The following chart contains statistics about CCPA consumer data requests received in 2019.
For purposes of exercising your rights above, please note the following
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers; payment information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; professional or employment information; internet or other similar electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic or visual information, inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers: We may disclose this information to our service providers, product and service fulfillment companies, internet service providers, advertising networks, social networks, payment processors and financial institutions, data analytics providers, and government entities as required by law.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law: We may disclose this information to our service providers, payment processors and financial institutions, and government entities as required by law.
Commercial information: We may disclose this information to our service providers, product and service fulfillment companies, advertising networks, social networks, payment processors and financial institutions, data analytics providers, and government entities as required by law.
Professional or employment information: We may disclose this information to our service providers and government entities as required by law.
Internet or other similar electronic network activity information: We may disclose this information to our service providers, product and service fulfillment companies, internet service providers, advertising networks, social networks, payment processors and financial institutions, data analytics providers, and government entities as required by law.
Geolocation data: We may disclose this information to our service providers, internet service providers, advertising networks, social networks, data analytics providers, and government entities as required by law.
Audio, electronic or visual information: We may disclose this information to our service providers and government entities as required by law.
Inferences drawn from other personal information: We may disclose this information to our service providers, advertising networks, social networks, data analytics providers, and government entities as required by law.
Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Nevada Residents
Nevada law allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the sale of certain types of personal information. We do not currently sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt-out of sharing your personal information by sending your request here
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Our website permits you to create an account.
If you create an account, you will be prompted to create a password.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.
You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission of Information to Other Countries. If you are a customer located outside of the United States, please be aware that your information may be processed in the United States, where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.
Third Party Applications/Websites. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
Children.AllenEdmonds.com is not targeted to children. We do not knowingly request information from anyone under the age of 13 without parental consent.
Changes to This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.
We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
Email: help@AllenEdmonds.comAllen Edmonds Customer Service8300 Maryland AvenueSt. Louis, MO 63105
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Email Communication
At time of purchase, you will receive emails regarding that purchase.
If you have any questions about our security or privacy policy, please e-mail us at help@AllenEdmonds.com or call us toll-free at 1-877-817-7615.
FAQ
Contact Us
Find A Store
Become a Collector
My Account
Account Terms & Conditions
1-877-817-7615
Service
Order Tracking
Shipping & Returns
International Shipping
Gift Cards
Check Gift Card Balance
Security & Privacy
QuadPay
Craftsmanship
Our Commitment to Craft
Our Leathers
Fit and Feel
Our Welts
All About Lasts
Glossary of Terms
© 2020 Allen Edmonds Corporation.