http://www.electronicpestrepeller.com/pages/terms
Skip to content
Save an extra 10% off $75+ with code HOLLYJOLLY
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
PestRepellerUltimate® is a registered trademark of Good Life Inc. The content of PestRepellerUltimate.com is protected by copyright and no part may be reproduced or otherwise used without the express written consent of Good Life Inc.
Please read the following Terms and Conditions. Good Life Inc. reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates. Please note that your use of this site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Order Acceptance
Your order confirmation (in electronic or any other form) does not imply our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Good Life Inc. reserves the right at any time to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Order Cancellations and Changes
View this page for full details on our Order Changes and Cancellations Policy.
Links to External Websites
Links to web sites outside PestRepellerUltimate.com for the use of trade, firm, or corporation names within the Good Life Inc.'s web sites are for the convenience of the user. Such use does not constitute an official endorsement or approval by Good Life Inc. of any private sector web site, product, or service.
Disclaimer of Liability
Every effort is made to provide accurate and complete information. However, with the continually changing amount of information available, we cannot guarantee that there will be no errors. With respect to documents and information on Good Life Inc.'s web sites neither Good Life Inc., its employees contractors share holders, and web content designers or anyone contributing to the content of Good Life Inc.'s web sites make any warranty, expressed or implied, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to documents made available within this web site. Additionally, Good Life Inc. assumes no legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, product, or process disclosed herein and do not represent that use of such information, product, or process would not infringe on privately owned rights. Under no circumstances will Good Life Inc., its employees, contractors, share holders, and web content designers be liable for any claims, or direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, content and product effectiveness expressed within this web site by person or business entity even if Good Life Inc. has been specifically advised of the possibility of such liability.
Return Policy and Warranty
Good Life Inc. is certain that you will be satisfied with its products and services and offers a 60-Day Money-Back Guarantee if you are not satisfied with the product for any reason. Additionally, Good Life Inc. will warranty the product of mechanical defects resulting from manufacturing for a period of 1 year from the purchase date. For detailed information about our Return Policy and Warranty please view
this page.
Privacy Policy
View this page for full details on our Privacy Policy.
We stand behind our products.
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
My Cart
Continue Shopping
Your cart is empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
You May Also Like
60' Extension Cord
Product Price
$10.95
View Product
Good Life® Replacement AC Adapter
Product Price
$9.95
View Product
Mounting Bracket with Pan & Tilt
Product Price
$14.95
View Product
Bird Gard® Battery Cable + Clips
Product Price
$14.95
View Product
Exit Cart