https://www.xtracycle.com/privacy-policy/
The winter sale is here Get access to our incredible pricing on new and used bikes while supplies last.									Shop now!
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
We’ll cover these topics in our policy:
•
What data do we collect? •
How do we collect your data? •
How will we use your data? •
How do we store your data? •
Marketing •
What are your data protection rights? •
What are cookies? •
How do we use cookies? •
What types of cookies do we use? •
How to manage your cookies •
Privacy policies of other websites •
Changes to our privacy policy •
How to contact us •
How to contact the appropriate authorities
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
We Collect
We collect your IP address, images, video, name, email address, phone number, home address.
How we collect
You directly provide Xtracycle with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Place Orders:
When you place orders or purchase products from our website (www.xtracycle.com), we collect your name, email address, phone number, and physical address.
Leave Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Submit Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Fill Out Contact forms
If you use the contact form(s) on our site, we collect and store the information from the fields that you provide to us.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies? Xtracycle uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including: Keeping you signed in for easier access. Understanding how to use our website.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Xtracycle uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and the location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.Advertising – Xtracycle uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Xtracycle sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
When we embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
HOW WE WILL USE YOUR DATA:
Xtracycle collects your data so that we can:
Process your order, manage your account. When Xtracycle processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
Recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
To send you advertisements about our products and special offers related to those products.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. If you submit a form or testimonial, that data is stored in our customer management software indefinitely.
WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE OVER YOUR DATA
What are your data protection rights? Xtracycle would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access – You have the right to request Xtracycle for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Xtracycle correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Xtracycle to complete information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Xtracycle erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Xtracycle restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Xtracycle’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Xtracycle transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: support@xtracycle.com
MARKETING
Xtracycle would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt-out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Xtracycle from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email us at support@xtracycle.com
WHERE WE SEND YOUR DATA
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. We also share cookie data with third parties who provide advertising to you about our products and services.
PRIVACY POLICIES OF OTHER WEBSITES:
The Xtracycle website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Xtracycle keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15, June 2020.
YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@xtracycle.com or by mail using the details provided below:
868 43rd St., Oakland, CA 94608