http://www.harrietcarter.com/am_privacy.html
Skip Navigation or Skip to Content
Welcome to Harriet Carter! Log In | Create Account
Catalog Quick Order
Order Status
Email Sign Up
1-800-377-7878
Cart (0)
Your Shopping Cart
(0 items)
Close
X
Your Cart is currently empty.
Order Summary
Merchandise Subtotal:
$0.00
Continue Shopping
Check Out
New
Apparel
As Seen on TV
Gifts
Health & Beauty
Holiday
Household
As Seen on TV
Household
Kitchen
Outdoor & Travel
Personal
Pets
Household
Bed & Bath
Cleaning
Entertainment
Gadgets
Home Decor
Home Office
Kitchen
Organizers
Pets
Problem Solvers
Travel & Auto
Outdoor
Lawn & Garden
Outdoor Decor & Lighting
Outdoor Living & Entertaining
Outdoor Problem Solvers
Pest Control
Health & Beauty
Beauty Aids
Diet & Fitness
Hair Care
Hand & Foot Care
Health & Wellness
Joint & Back Supports
Personal Health & Safety
Sleep Solutions
Vision & Eye Care
Apparel
Clothing Accessories
Footwear
Handbags & Wallets
Hats & Gloves
Intimates & Hosiery
Jewelry
Men's Apparel
Sleepwear & Loungewear
Stay Warm Essentials
Women's Apparel
Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Cooking Gifts
Football & NFL Merchandise
Fun & Games Gifts
Gifts for Gadget Lovers
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Kids
Gifts for Pet Lovers
Religious Gifts
Holiday
Christmas
Holiday Decor
Holiday Kitchen
Holiday Outdoor
Stocking Stuffers
Clearance
Apparel
Final Call
Gifts
Health & Beauty
Household
Outdoor
Privacy Statement
Introduction
AmeriMark Direct, LLC ("Company")
is an Ohio limited liability company with its principal place of business
located at 6864 Engle Road, Cleveland, Ohio 44130 (United States). This
statement ("Privacy Statement") sets forth the privacy standards that
the Company utilizes to collect, retain, and use personal data obtained from
individuals on and through its website as defined herein.
We value our customers and are committed to protecting their privacy and informing them as to how their
personal information will be used.
As a general matter, we collect customer
information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate
with you about our products, services, contests and promotions. We recognize that
we must maintain and use customer information responsibly. We have created this
Privacy Policy to address our practices regarding information collected from
visitors to the Site.
You should also review our Terms and Conditions of use of the website, which can be found at
https://www.harrietcarter.com/terms-of-use.html
and is applicable and binding upon you with respect to your use of the website
and is incorporated herein.
Please do not visit or use this website
from the European Union or European Economic Area, or anywhere else whose laws
may conflict with this Privacy Statement; this website is not intended for your
use if you are attempting to use from any of these countries and you do not
have permission to use the website.
Please note that this exclusion is solely because
the laws of your country may not conform with our policies as set forth in this
Privacy Statement.
What Is The Scope Of This Statement?
This Privacy Statement sets forth the
principles under which the Company collects, uses, processes, retains, and
discloses personal data and/or sensitive data in the United States from
individuals, including by and through our website located at https://www.harrietcarter.com/ (the "website")
and information you provide to us based upon information from our website
(i.e., if you send us an e-mail at an e-mail address identified on the
website).
This statement covers information received in electronic or other formats.
Terms
The terms "we","us" and "our" refer to the Company, and its
officers, directors, owners, employees and agents.
The term "personal data" means
any data which relates to a natural person (as opposed to a business or
corporate entity) that makes you identifiable.
As used herein and in
connection with our business, the term personal data may include:
Names and contact information, including phone number, physical address, fax and e-mail;
Social security number or other national identification number;
Income and other financial data and nationality;
Credit history and credit scores address;
Title, position, business/company name;
Referral source data (i.e., how you ended up at the website);
Any other similar information provided to us by you or on your behalf in connection with our Services (as defined below).
The term "data controller" means the person or entity which decides the purposes for which, and the way in
which, any personal data is processed.
The term "data processor" means the person or entity which processes personal data on behalf of the data
controller.
The term "processing" means any operation or set of operations performed on personal data.
Processing
includes, but is not limited to, the collection of data, the organizing of
data, the recording or saving/storage of data, the altering of data, the using
of data, the disclosing or transfer of data, the deleting or destruction of
data, or the making available of data.
What Information We Collect About You
We may collect all types of personal data about you as described in Section 2 above under the definition of "personal data."
You agree that we may collect and process all such personal data that you provide to us to enable us to provide
the services (the "Services").
These Services may include:
Management of the website and all content and services therein.
The sale or potential sale and/or delivery and/or return of any goods, products or services you purchase or seek to purchase, or return or seek to return, at or through the website.
Responding to or addressing any questions or inquiries from you or otherwise regarding us, any goods or products we sell, or our website.
You also hereby consent that we may use your personal data for the following additional purposes which may be included in, or part of, the Services:
Updating our records;
In connection with any application for employment with the Company;
Internal analysis for our business management purposes;
Any statutory or regulatory purpose which requires the processing of your personal data;
Legal and regulatory compliance;
Fraud and crime prevention;
Internal or external audits; and
Any other purpose for which valid consent is obtained.
In addition to the above, we may also collect other data from you which is not personal data, such as information you provide concerning product reviews.
Please do not supply the following to us:
Any other person's personal data, unless the Company explicitly asks you to do so;
Any categories of your personal data that have not been explicitly requested by the Company;
Any confidential, proprietary, secret or legally protected information which you are not explicitly requested by the Company to provide; and
Any confidential, proprietary, secret or legally protected information which are under any legal obligation to not provide to or share with the Company.
How We Collect Information About You
We collect information about you (including personal data) when:
You Give Us Information - You may provide us information when:
you set up an account with us;
you provide it to us by filling out forms, including in connection with the purchase or return of any goods or products from the website;
you send us e-mail or submit any inquiry on or through the website, including in connection with a "contact customer service" request or inquiry;
you provide information via phone or in person;
you provide us with information in writing and send it to us other than via e-mail, phone or in person (i.e., mail, FedEx, etc.);
you provide us with documentation;
you provide us with information which may contain personal data;
you provide us with information in connection with seeking employment with the Company.
We Collect Information Automatically - We automatically collect certain types of
information when you visit our Website (as explained below).
We Collect Information From Other Sources - We may also obtain information about you from outside sources.
For example, we may obtain commercially available information about you from third-parties or
purchase e-mail lists from third parties for advertising and marketing
purposes.
We may also receive information from third-parties who provide
services for us through web-beacons and other technologies described in this
Privacy Statement.
Use Of Cookies
About Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers)
that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The
identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a
page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a
persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until
its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a
session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session,
when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but
personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored
in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies That We Use
We use cookies for the following purposes related to the services we provide for and
to you and our users:
authentication - we use cookies to identify users of the website and/or the location of
individuals accessing the website;
status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
personalization - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize
the website for you;
security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user
accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to
protect our website and services generally;
advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you
diagnosis - we use cookies to diagnose problems with our services and servers;
analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website
and services; and
cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of
cookies more generally and in the event you open an account with us.
Cookies Used By Our Service Providers And Vendors
Our service providers and vendors may use cookies and those cookies may be stored
on your computer when you visit our website. These service providers and
vendors include Google Analytics
(see
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en and information therein).
In addition, our service providers and vendors may also use the following types of
cookies:
session cookies - to track the user's shopping cart from page to page on the website.
This allows you to hold items in your online shopping cart while you search throughout
the website for additional products or information.
permanent cookies - to keep the user's shopping cart between session.
This allows you to
leave the website and then return at a later time or date and see what items
you had placed in your cart, but did not ultimately purchase.
This also allows
us to better determine the types of products you are interested in to better serve
your needs.
These cookies typically expire within 365 days of the last time
you visited the website.
third party cookies - our service providers and vendors may also use all of the types
of cookies listed above which are used by the Company for the same purposes.
You should review the privacy and cookie policies of the above websites to learn
more about the cookies that are used in connection with the above.
Managing Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods
for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can
however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via
these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
Blocking some or all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites,
including our website and our services.
Use Of Web Beacons, Clear-GIFs, Pixel Tags And JavaScript
Except as set forth herein, our use of web
beacons, clear-gifs, pixel tags and JavaScript is critical to proper
functionality our website, and disabling them may impact the functionality of
the website and the services we provide.
We also may use "pixel tags" (also
called "action pixels," "web beacons" or "clear gifs") and/or JavaScript
plug-ins, placed on the website and in our emails to you.
These web beacons and plug-ins are small
graphic images (typically that you cannot see) or code on a website or in an
email message which are used for such things as recording webpages and
advertisements clicked-on by a user, or for tracking the performance of email
marketing campaigns. These devices help us analyze our users' online behavior
and measure the effectiveness of our website and our marketing.
We may also work with third-party
service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this
information.  Third-party entities with whom we have agreements may place
these devices on the website and/or in emails to use information obtained from
them such as pages viewed, emails opened and items upon which you may click in
emails.  These third-party providers may also place cookies onto your
computer. Those third-party cookies may enable us to obtain aggregate
demographic information and user statistics about you and your preferences from
these third-party sources as well as our information we have about you.
These
third-party providers may also use certain transactional data to provide analytics
to us to help us better serve our customers.
See above for more information on
our cookies.
Server Logs
A web "server log" is
a record of activity created by a computer that delivers certain webpages to
your browser.  Certain activities that you perform on our website may
record information in server logs. For example, if you enter a search term into
a search box located on the website, the server log may record the search term,
the link you clicked on to bring you to our website and/or information about
your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser.
Third Party Advertisements
We may use third party service providers to serve advertisements on our behalf across the
Internet and sometimes on this website. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this website and other websites in order to provide
advertisements on our website, other websites and other forms of media about
goods and services of interest to you. This anonymous information is collected
through the use of pixel tags or similar technologies which are industry
standard technologies used by most major websites, and which are explained in
more detail above.
You can read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by
visiting the Network
Advertising Initiative's website. If you would like to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies, check out Network
Advertising.org.
In addition, we may from time to time contract with third party vendors to serve advertisements to
our customers on our behalf across the Internet or to send our catalogs to
customers whom we think may be interested in our Services. To do this, the
vendors will collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and
your interaction with our Services. This anonymous information is collected
through the use of a cookie or pixel tag - industry standard technology used by
most major websites, and which is explained in more detail above. No personally
identifiable information is to be collected in this process. They may also pool
the anonymous information that they collect with other sources of information
not collected during your visit to our website, which may include your name and
mailing address, for purposes of determining whether you might be interested in
receiving a catalog.
If you do not wish for cookies or pixel tags to be placed on your computer,
most commercially available web browsers permit you to prevent that from taking
place. To opt-out of receiving our catalogs, you may call us at 1-877-268-9594
or direct your opt-out request including the words "AMERIMARK - OPT OUT" in the
subject line to us at privacy@amerimark.com.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We process your personal data identified in this Privacy Statement to perform the
Services as defined above.
The legal basis for this processing is your consent
set forth herein, as well as our contractual obligations.
We may also process your personal data identified in this Privacy Statement where
necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether
in court proceedings, alternative dispute resolution or in an administrative or
out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate
interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal
rights and the legal rights of others.
We may also process your personal data identified in this Privacy Statement where
necessary for the purposes of managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the
proper protection of our business against risks.
We may also process your personal data identified in this Privacy Statement where
such processing is necessary or advisable for compliance with a legal
obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests
or the vital interests of another natural person.
Providing Your Personal Data To Others
We may disclose your personal data to our officers, directors, employees, and
agents insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal
bases, set out in this Privacy Statement, including to provide or potentially
provide Services to you or for your benefit.
We may disclose your personal data to our professional advisers insofar as
reasonably necessary for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional
advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in
court proceedings, ADR or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may disclose certain of your personal data to vendors and subcontractors to fulfill
our Services, including to ship/deliver any goods, products or services you
ordered, to address any returned or substituted items, to address any inquiring
you submit, and to address any problems or concerns which may arise with you,
your order, your inquiries or our Services.
We may disclose certain of your personal data to the suppliers and subcontractors
pursuant to separate consent provided by you to us.
The foregoing disclosures are made insofar as reasonably necessary, and only to the
extent required, for assisting us in providing our Services to you, storing
data and in connection with the administration of our business.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 9,
we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings, alternative dispute resolution, or in an administrative or
out-of-court procedure.
Transfers Of Your Personal Data
By providing your personal data to the Company and using our Services (including
making any purchases), you are agreeing to the transfer and processing of your
personal data to and in the United States in accordance with this Privacy
Statement.
Retaining And Deleting Personal Data
It is generally not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which
your personal data will be retained.
Rather, we will determine the period of
retention based upon the performance of our Services, your use of the website,
and any applicable industry and governmental standards.
We may also retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time by publishing a new version
on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to
this Privacy Statement.
We may notify you of significant changes to this Privacy Statement by email or
through the private messaging system on our website.
Your Choices About Information We Collect
If you do not consent to the way in which we may use your personal information,
please do not submit any personal information to us. Please note that if you do
not provide us with certain personal information, the Company may be unable to
provide you with its Services, or those Services may not be as good as they
otherwise could be.
If you do not wish to receive emails about special offers and other promotions
from us, click the unsubscribe link located in our emails or do not click to
agree to receive such e-mails on the website or when ordering from us.  If
you do not wish to receive other marketing materials from us and/or if you do
not want us to share your personal information with other entities as stated in
this Privacy Statement, please provide us with your exact name and address and
advise us that you wish to opt-out for information sharing or receiving
information from us or both as the case may be.  Please direct your opt-out
request including the words "AMERIMARK - PRIVACY" in the subject line to the
following contacts:
AmeriMark Direct, LLC
6864 Engle Road
Cleveland, Ohio 44130
Attention: Privacy Officer - privacy@amerimark.com.
California residents please click HERE for further options.
Please note that de-identified and aggregate data including your personal information
may still be shared, but it will not be identified or identifiable to you.
Privacy of Children Who Visit the Website
We recognize the importance of children's
safety and privacy. The website is not designed to attract children, and is not
intended for use by any children under the age of 18. We do not request, or
knowingly collect, any personally identifiable information from children under
the age of 18.
If you are under age 18, you do not have permission to use this
website or our Services.
Your California Privacy Rights
We collect various types of personal information about you during the
course of your relationship with us. Under California law, if you are a
resident of California, additional information about your information
and rights can be found
here.
Updated: January 14, 2020
Community
Customer Service
Contact Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
1-800-377-7878
Shopping Services
My Account/Login
Order Status
Shop From Catalog
Site Map
Shipping & Delivery
Return Policy
EZ Return Label
About Us
Who is Harriet Carter?
Get Our Free Catalog
Read Our Blog
Join Our Affiliate Program
Email Sign Up
Harriet Carter 6864 Engle Road Cleveland, OH 44130. 1-800-377-7878 Harriet Carter 2020 ©
Your Privacy
•
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
•
Terms of Use
•
CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act
•
Social Responsibility
•
Secure Shopping
•
Accessibility
DI020M
×
,
free shipping on your first online order!*
Check Your Inbox for Your Welcome Email with Your Savings Offer.You'll also be the first to hear about new products and on-site sales!
Sign Up & Get Your Offer!
No thank you, just take me to the site
* Valid for new subscribers only
Secure Login
×
Have a HarrietCarter.com account?
Not registered at HarrietCarter.com?
Email address
?
X
Enter the email associated with your HarrietCarter.com account.
Password
At least 8 characters.
Forgot your password?
Log in and Continue
Enjoy faster checkouts, purchase history and more with a HarrietCarter.com account.
Create an account
Cancel and continue shopping as a guest.
Create an Account
×
Shopping at HarrietCarter.com is about to get even easier.
It takes just a moment to create a HarrietCarter.com account - fill out the form below to get started.
*Required Field
*Email address (This will be your login ID)
Ex: name@example.com
*Re-enter Email Address
*Password
At least 8 characters
*Re-enter Password
Send me email updates on the latest products, sales and special offers
*First Name
*Last Name
*Address Line 1
Address Line 2
*City
*State
*Zip Code
AK - AlaskaAL - AlabamaAR - ArkansasAZ - ArizonaCA - CaliforniaCO - ColoradoCT - ConnecticutDC - Dist ColumbiaDE - DelawareFL - FloridaGA - GeorgiaHI - HawaiiIA - IowaID - IdahoIL - IllinoisIN - IndianaKS - KansasKY - KentuckyLA - LouisianaMA - MassachusettsMD - MarylandME - MaineMI - MichiganMN - MinnesotaMO - MissouriMS - MississippiMT - MontanaNC - North CarolinaND - North DakotaNE - NebraskaNH - New HampshireNJ - New JerseyNM - New MexicoNV - NevadaNY - New YorkOH - OhioOK - OklahomaOR - OregonPA - PennsylvaniaRI - Rhode IslandSC - South CarolinaSD - South DakotaTN - TennesseeTX - TexasUT - UtahVA - VirginiaVT - VermontWA - WashingtonWI - WisconsinWV - West VirginiaWY - WyomingMH - Marshall IslandPI - Pacific IslandPR - Puerto RicoPW - Palau IslandVI - Virgin IslandsAPO FPO CAAPO FPO FLAPO FPO NY
Create My Account
EZ Return Label
×
100% Satisfaction Guarantee!
EZReturnLabel is a convenient way to return merchandise for an exchange or refund. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply return it using our convenient EZReturnLabel™.
No muss, no fuss, no questions asked.
Our EZReturnLabel doesn't require postage up front. Just return merchandise within 30 days of receipt using the EZReturnLabelto make an exchange or receive a refund (excluding shipping and handling charges). The EZReturnLabel is included on most order shipments (except some heavy items and merchandise sent outside the continental U.S.).