http://www.dolphinsunlimited.com/privacy.html
HomeShopping CartMy Wish ListSearchPoliciesAbout UsContact Us
Your information is100% Safe
Certified and Guaranteed!
Dolphins UnlimitedHome Page
Customer Testimonials
View Shopping Cart
Clearance Sale
Animal Wine Holders
Dolphin Art
Dolphin Blankets
Dolphin Bookends
Dolphin Business Card Holders
Dolphin Candle Holders
Dolphin Centerpieces
Dolphin Christian Riese Lassen Art Collection
Dolphin Clocks
Dolphin Coasters
Dolphin Coffee Tables
Dolphin Collectable Plates
Dolphin Collectibles
Dolphin Comforters & Dolphin Bedspreads
Dolphin Dining Tables
Dolphin Door Knockers
Dolphin Figurines
Dolphin Fine Art Originals Collection
Dolphin Fine Art Sculptures
Dolphin Fountains
Dolphin Furniture
Dolphin Gifts
Dolphin Glass & Crystal Sculptures
Dolphin Globes and Music Boxes
Dolphin Home Accessories
Dolphin Home and Garden
Dolphin Jewelry
Dolphin Keepsake and Jewelry Boxes
Dolphin Lamps
Dolphin Lights
Dolphin Lovers Gifts
Dolphin Lucite Sculptures
Dolphin Mirrors
Dolphin Night Lights / Dolphin Suncatchers
Dolphin Oil Paintings
Dolphin Paintings
Dolphin Picture Frames
Dolphin Prints
Dolphin Puzzles and Games
Dolphin Sale Items
Dolphin Sculptures
Dolphin Shelves
Dolphin Shower Curtains
Dolphin Side Tables
Dolphin Stained Glass / Dolphin Painted Glass
Dolphin Statues
Dolphin Tables
Dolphin Tapestries
Dolphin Valentines Gifts
Dolphin Wall Sculptures
Dolphin Water Fountains
Dolphin Wedding Cake Toppers
Dolphin Wind Chimes
Light Stands
Lighthouse Gifts
Manatee Gifts
Master Piece & Limited Edition Artworks
Mermaid Gifts
Sea Turtle Gifts
SPI Gallery
Trophies & Awards
Whale Gifts
Wyland Art
Dolphin Bookend
Dolphin Candle Holder
Dolphin Clock
Dolphin Coffee Table
Dolphin Collectible
Dolphin End Table
Dolphin Figurine
Dolphin Fountain
Dolphin Gift
Dolphin Globe and Music Box
Dolphin Keepsake & Jewelry Box
Dolphin Lamp
Dolphin Light
Dolphin Mirror
Dolphin Online Store / Dolphin Gift Shop
Dolphin Picture Frame
Dolphin Print
Dolphin Sculpture
Dolphin Statue
Dolphin Table
Dolphin Vase
Dolphin Water Fountain
Dolphin Wedding Cake Topper
Dolphin Wind Chime
Lighthouse Gift
Manatee Gift
Mermaid Gift
Sea Turtle Gift
Whale Gift
Guarantee
Our goal is your 100% satisfaction with our products. If, for any reason, you are not satisfied, please contact our Customer Service department within 30 days of placing your order to obtain a return authorization number.
Items must be returned to us via UPS (United Parcel Service).
Any items returned must be undamaged and in new condition in its original undamaged packaging. Upon arrival and satisfactory inspection, we will refund the purchase price. Items returned for replacement of different items are non-refundable.
Please do not return any product without first having obtained a return authorization number.
We will refuse delivery of any items that do not have the return authorization number clearly printed on the outside of the box.
All orders placed before 11:00 AM PST will be shipped on the same business day. Orders placed after 11:00 AM PST will be shipped on the next business day.
Shipping is UPS Ground for most of our orders. It usually takes 2 to 6 business days for delivery for 48 contiguous states. All large fountains, large sculptures and furniture will be shipped by nationwide trucking companies. Shipping of the original sculptures and large fountains requires special handling (no extra charge). Please allow 2 to 5 business days to prepare your shipment. The estimated delivery for the freight shipment is about 5 to 10 business days. If Free Shipping is offered as part of a promotion, it applies ONLY to the 48 contiguous continental states.
NOTE: Free shipping can not be combined with any other offers or coupons.
For Hawaii, Alaska and international orders, shipping will be by Air or Ocean depending on the dimension and the weight of the package. Express shipping are available for extra charge. For international order, customer is responsible for any and all customs fees, duties and taxes if it is applicable.
If you have any questions, or if you need assistance, please feel free to contact us, and we will be pleased to assist you.
Privacy Policy
"At Seven Dolphins, we value customer privacy!"
At Dolphins Unlimited.Com Network, your privacy is our top priority.
Depending on what you do when you visit any web site, you are providing information about your visit to the site's owners. This includes Dolphins Unlimited. We value privacy and think you do too, so we want you to have the information you need to make your own decisions about your personal privacy.
That is why we have posted the Dolphins Unlimited privacy policy on this page.
Our policy is very simple.
The bottom line at www.dolphins-unlimited.com is that we use the information that we get from your visit for processing your order only. We do not use your personal information for any other purpose; we never sell it to any third party; and, we never share it with any third party.
We use SSL (secure socket layer) technology to keep the information a customer provides us with safe and confidential.
We create an online environment where a customer feels safe, and knows the information they provide Dolphins Unlimited will be confidential.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.
We reserve the right to change prices and/or terminate sales at any time.
* 100% 30 Day Money Back Guarantee less shipping and handling. Any items returned must be undamaged and in new condition in its original packaging
Gift Certificates are non-refundable and are not redeemable for cash. Returned merchandise that is purchased with a gift certificate may be exchanged for other merchandise ONLY (less shipping and handling)!!!
Legal Disputes and Choice of Law
If there is a legal dispute of any kind about or arising out of the use of this website, the laws of the State of California will govern such dispute without regard to its conflict of laws rules. You agree that if any part of these terms and conditions is found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect. By using this website you expressly agree and submit to personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue in the state and federal courts located in the City of Bass Lake, California.
Dolphins Unlimited.ComLighthouses Unlimited.ComManatees Unlimited.ComMermaids Unlimited.ComSea Turtles Unlimited.ComWhales Unlimited.ComWild Life Art Unlimited.Com
HomeShopping CartMy Wish ListSearchPoliciesAbout UsContact Us Your Information Is 100% SafeCertified and Guaranteed!