https://www.aliciatappdesigns.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Alicia Tapp Designs Privacy Policy
Our website address is: https://www.aliciatappdesigns.com.
Alicia Tapp Designs has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website, Alicia Tapp Designs:
Personally identifiable information provided by subscribers (name, email or address, etc.) is never disclosed to any individual or business.
Cookies and Clear GIFs
Alicia Tapp Designs uses cookies and clear GIFs to enhance your experience at our websites. These cookies and clear GIFs let us know how many people are coming to our site, how frequently, and how they are using the site, allowing us to make updates to content and improve navigation as appropriate.
Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site, how often they visit that site, what content they are most interested in, and how they prefer to shop for our products. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or “IP” address (an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet), such as your login information, the time and duration of your visits, how you navigated through our content and where you exited the site. To save you the time of re-entering your login information every time you come back to our website, Alicia Tapp Designs may link information contained in a cookie to your email address. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we did not originally send in a cookie.
Clear GIFs, sometimes called “Web bugs,” are file objects, usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF (Graphics Interchange Format, one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web), that are placed on a Web page or in an email message to monitor user behavior. The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page, the URL of the page the GIF is on, the time the page was viewed; the type of browser used, and can tell us a previously set cookie value. This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to Alicia Tapp Designs, and we use this information to accurately count visitors across multiple Alicia Tapp Designs sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of sites. Alicia Tapp Designs does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information.
External Links
Third party websites you may access through our external links have different privacy policies and are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each website you visit to find out how they protect your personal information.
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the Alicia Tapp Designs website Internet servers or through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising.
Cookies are not programs that come onto a user’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that Alicia Tapp Designs cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for Alicia Tapp Designs
If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on Alicia Tapp Designs website.
Log Files
Other information passively collected by Alicia Tapp Designs is in the form of logs-files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users’ browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help Alicia Tapp Designs determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our website, which pages they’ve visited, and other similar data. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.
Safeguarding your Personal Information
Alicia Tapp Designs will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us. Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter, which can only be accessed via SecureID by appropriate personnel.
Security
Alicia Tapp Designs has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Opt-Out
If you do not want Alicia Tapp Designs to send you email about our services, you can choose to opt-out. If you are receiving emails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from Alicia Tapp Designs’ emailing list, you can do so by:
using the link included with a Alicia Tapp Designs emailer
by sending an email to  aliciatapp [at] sbcglobal.net
Contacting the Website
Alicia Tapp Designs may update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Statement to this website. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Alicia Tapp Designs14022 Fairway OaksSan Antonio, Texas 78217
Federal & State Law
Alicia Tapp Designs will share information with the government when required by law. Alicia Tapp Designs will not share information unless it has been given a valid court order or subpoena. Alicia Tapp Designs will not disclose whether or not law enforcement agencies have sought or obtained information under the terms of the USA PATRIOT Act.
Terms of Use
The user may visit Alicia Tapp Designs for legal purposes. The user may not use Alicia Tapp Designs, or its services to publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or other unlawful material or information, including another’s proprietary information, including trademarks or copyrighted information, without express authorization from the rights holder. Additionally, the user may not Alicia Tapp Designs to collect personal information, including Internet addresses, about Alicia Tapp Designs users. The user must abide by any policies posted on Alicia Tapp Designs.
Alicia Tapp Designs uses its best efforts to maintain Alicia Tapp Designs website, but is not responsible for the results of any defects that exist in the website, or any resulting lost profits or other consequential damages. You should not assume that Alicia Tapp Designs or its content is error-free or that it will be suitable for the particular purpose that you have in mind when using it. Alicia Tapp Designs may, in its sole discretion and at any time, modify or discontinue Alicia Tapp Designs; limit, terminate or suspend your use of or access to Alicia Tapp Designs; and/or make changes to these Terms of Use.
Copyright Notice
Copyright ©2020 by Alicia Tapp Designs.  All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of the respective companies.