https://www.ornamentshop.com/pages/terms-of-use
Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation
513-816-1834
Order Tracking
Customer Service
Sign In
Mobile Navigation
Shopping Cart
Go
Family
Baby
Occasion
Characters
Sports
Themes
Hobby
Job
Travel
Pet
Gifts
Pandemic Ornaments
2020 Ornaments
Santa Hats & Costumes
Face Masks
Stockings
SALE
Corporate Ornaments
Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Trademarks & Disclaimers
Privacy PolicyWe’re
committed to keeping your private information, well, private. So, your
information is safe with Trinket Shop, LLC, doing business as OrnamentShop.com. We value your trust, as well as your customer
experience, so we safeguard your data and personal information. As such, we do
not rent, sell or misuse your personal information in any way.Following
are more details about how your information is collected, used and protected by
OrnamentShop.com. How Your Personal and Payment Data is Kept ConfidentialOrnamentshop.com collects your information to process order-related transactions. Customer
contact information, referred to as “personal information” — including email
address, telephone number, mailing address, etc. — is gathered during the
checkout process and used to communicate with you, to deliver your order, and
to share information about Ornamentshop.com with you. This is stored within the
firewall-secure website to make future ordering easier for you. Customer
financial information — including credit card numbers, credit card expiration
date, verification numbers, first and last name, billing address, etc. — is used
only to process your order payment. This financial information is not stored in
the website. Captured information is used
solely for purpose of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of
their order status, sending promotional information, enhancing the operation of
our site, statistical purposes, and to administer our systems.Your Security / How We Safeguard Your InformationThe Ornamentshop.com website uses a secure server (notice the “https://” in your browser’s
address bar?) with an SSL certificate. This technology ensures that your
personal information and payment information is safe and secure by encrypting all
your personal information and payment data. We use strong security measures to
prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information.Information
Use and SharingWe collect
and store the information that you provide when you create an account, place an
order, subscribe to our newsletter, provide us with your email address, and
interact with us on social media and third party web sites. This
information is used only when interacting with Ornamentshop.com, and is used for
no other purpose. We do not share this
information with other organizations or entities to contact you for their
purposes. However, we may
disclose the personal information that we collect or that you provide to us as
described in this Privacy Policy to our subsidiaries and affiliates or to
carefully-selected business partners who we use to support our business and —
most importantly — to deliver personalized candy favors and bulk party candy
products to you.We may use
the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about
your visits and interactions with our website using technologies such as pixels
or cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services.Use of Cookies (not the delicious
ones we sell)Cookies
are alphanumeric ID tags stored on your device through your web browser, and
are used by most websites, especially online shopping websites. By themselves,
cookies cannot be used to identify you or your personal information. The Ornamentshop.com website uses cookies to make the best possible personalized
experience for you. After all, our specialty IS sweet personalization. Cookies
make it possible for your browser to remember your login and preferences, and
for us to store contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check
out. By doing this, we can personalize your return visits and save you time
during checkout. Your browser allows you to opt out of cookies; and you may
learn more about controlling your cookies and opting out of personalized advertising
at the Digital Ad Alliance.  Authorized Third Party Business PartnersWe use
third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and
your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information
about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods
and services. This anonymous information is collected through use of a pixel
tag, an industry standard technology used by most major websites. No personally
identifiable information about the user is collected or used in this process.You can
also read more about online marketing and advertising practices and their
related methods and technologies, or opt out of these tactics, on the Network Advertising Initiative's website.We may
work with a third party to monitor website customer behavior and interaction,
performance of website pages, website traffic and referral sources, basic
demographic and/or geographic information, and other analytics data to evaluate
our marketing and advertising efforts. Cookies and/or other monitoring
technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors may be
used; no personally identifiable information is transferred to this third party.Your AgreementBy using
our website or purchasing a product from us, you agree to the collection and
use of information as set forth in this privacy policy. We may from time to
time update this policy. We will post any changes to our policy on this page so
that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Commitment to Customer Service
Ornamentshop.com is committed to quality customer experience. We review your feedback to
improve and enhance your shopping experience. You can tell us what you think by sending us an
e-mail or contacting our customer care team at 513-816-1834.
Opt-OutIf you
wish to opt out of receiving OrnamentShop.com promotional communications, simply
choose the unsubscribe link contained in the email, and you will no longer
receive these types of emails. This excludes order-related or transactional emails necessary in the course of doing . If you have any additional questions, you may contact a
Customer Care Representative.
Ornament Shop, is a privately-owned retailer. We carries a wide selection of party supplies, party decorations, candies, confections,
favors and personalized items. We
often offer trademarked brands are part of our product offering.All
products sold on this website are manufactured by the original confectionery
companies. Any ingredients listed are directly from the manufacturer and are
subject to change without notice at any time. Since we do not manufacture the
products, and since our production facility also houses other edible products,
those with food-related allergies consume any product we provide at their own
risk.Policy Changes
If our information practices, privacy, site security measures, trademarked
product affiliations, or any of the aforementioned or related topics should
change in the future, the changes will post to the corresponding page on our
website, such as this one. Policies and practices are subject to change at any
time and without any additional notice. You may at any time opt out of new uses
by adjusting your browser controls, unsubscribing from our newsletter and
electronic communications, or contacting our Customer Care Team with
a request expressing your wishes.This page
was last updated on June 23, 2020.
Top of Page
Signup & Save
Sign up for our emails to join our exclusive rewards program
Sign Up
We're happy to help
513-816-1834
Order Tracking
Email Us
Company Info
Student Discount
About Us
Our Process
Custom & Bulk Orders
Employment
Accessibility Policy
Accessibility Options
Help
Shipping
Contact Us
Affiliate Program
Security
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Fun
BlogChristmas FunChristmas A to ZChristmas Trivia
Ornament Shop
|
6820 Fairfield Business Park Drive, Fairfield, OH
45014
|
(513) 816-1834
|
help@ornamentshop.com
Visit us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Pinterest
Copyright © 2020 Ornament Shop
All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Return Policy
Top of Page