http://www.tga.co.uk/privacy/
GO
+44(0) 1772 700700 View Trolley Your Account
Menu
CloseHOMEPRODUCTSOFFERSRACINGHISTORYCONTACT
previousnextpreviousnextpreviousnextpreviousnextpreviousnextpreviousnextpreviousnextpreviousnext
SHOP NEW PRODUCTS OFFERS RACING
Product Categories
ManxG50 & 7RDucati FramesRacing SparesCarbsCrankcasesPre-Owned ProductsNorton Twins & Tritons
ANY QUESTIONS?
Talk to our
experts now
+44 (0) 1772 700700
SEND US A MESSAGE
Privacy
HOME
//
Privacy
PrivacyTGA.CO.UK Ltd. is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy. In general you can visit our Web site without telling us who you are or revealing information about yourself.
The TGA.CO.UK Ltd. site covered by this policy may request personal information from you in order to complete a form or transaction. Your information will only be used to execute the immediate transaction, and will be provided to other parties only as necessary to complete your transaction. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. will not provide any of your personal information to third parties without your permission, unless compelled by law or court order to do so, and will not sell any personal information to third parties for purposes of marketing, advertising, or promotion.
TGA.CO.UK Ltd. uses various methods to collect certain other kinds of information including cookies, referrers, IP addresses, and system information.
Referrers
A referrer is the information passed along by a Web browser that references the Web URL you linked from. Our Web server automatically gathers this information. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. uses this information for site statistical analysis. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. will not use this information to attempt to identify your personal information.
IP Addresses
Your computer uses IP addresses every time you connect to the Internet. Computers on the network use your IP address to identify your computer so that data, such as the Web pages you request, can be sent to you. Our Web server automatically gathers them. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. uses this information for site statistical analysis. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information.
System Information
System information includes time, type of Web browser being used, the operating system or platform, and CPU speed. Your Web browser sends this information automatically when you are connected to a Web site. This information is used by TGA.CO.UK Ltd. to identify broad demographic statistics and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. TGA.CO.UK Ltd. will not use this information to attempt to identify your personal information.
Security
While no system can provide guaranteed security, we take reasonable efforts to keep information you provide to us secure, including encryption technology, and physical security at the location of the server where information is stored.
Our Address
Molnar Precision LTD
PO Box 1208
Preston
PR2 0HG
United Kingdom
Cookies
Our sites use a number of different cookies. Below we explain the cookies we use and why we use them.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that may be placed on your device when you visit our sites. When you next visit our sites the cookie allows us to distinguish you from other users.
There are two broad categories of cookies
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.
Session cookies
Session cookies remain on your device until you close your browser when they are automatically deleted.
Cookies we use and why we use them
Essential cookies
Essential cookies are technical cookies that are required for the operation of our sites. Without essential cookies our sites can’t operate properly. Essential cookies include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our sites and to see how visitors move around them. This helps us to improve the way our sites work by enabling us to tailor our sites to the way visitors use them. The information we collect from performance cookies is aggregated which means that we cannot identify you from it.
Experience cookies
Experience cookies allow our sites to remember the choices you make. Our sites use experience cookies to provide you with enhanced and personalised features. For example, we use information collected through what are known as “web-analytic” cookies to compare the choices you make to those of our other customers so that we can learn from those choices.
Information collected by experience cookies cannot track your browsing activity when you leave our sites to browse other sites.
Your right to refuse cookies and what happens if you refuse them
You can refuse cookies by activating the relevant setting on your browser. However, if you do so you may not be able to access all or parts of our sites. If you carry on using our sites and do not change your browser settings we will assume you consent to us using cookies as described above.
HOMEPRODUCTSOFFERSRACINGHISTORYCONTACTACCOUNTSHIPPING
+44(0) 1772 700700 sales@manx.co.uk
Molnar Precision LTD. PO Box 1208, Preston, PR2 0HG, United Kingdom
Company Registration No. 05029153
VAT Reg No. GB 824 8454 13
TERMSPRIVACY
Website by Thomas Cole Digital - Sitemap