http://www.hobbyworks.com/index.cfm?action=policies&ID=2
0
Hobby
Games
Models
R/C
Rockets
Science
Slotcars
Toys
Trains
Paints
Tools
New Stuff
Browse
by Category
by Manufacturer
New Items
Articles
Stores
Laurel
Rockville
Events
Club
Careers
Policies
Cart 0
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy
Shipping & Pricing
Price Matching
Returns & Exchanges
Privacy
HobbyWorks.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting HobbyWorks.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does HobbyWorks.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Hobby Works experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses HobbyWorks.com or other content served by or on behalf of HobbyWorks.com on other Web sites.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as personalized content and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of HobbyWorks.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any HobbyWorks.com products and services that require you to Sign in.
Does HobbyWorks.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Brey Corp. (T/A HobbyWorks.com), or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of HobbyWorks.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of HobbyWorks.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Which Information Can I Access?
HobbyWorks.com gives you access to a range of information about your account and your interactions with HobbyWorks.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of HobbyWorks.com features.
You can add or update certain information on your account. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences. (If you do not want to receive Terms of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of HobbyWorks.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of HobbyWorks.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any HobbyWorks.com products and services that require you to Sign in.
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com?
HobbyWorks.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use HobbyWorks.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit HobbyWorks.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Maryland. If you have any concern about privacy at HobbyWorks.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through HobbyWorks.com; provide information in your account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or your profile; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; compile wish lists or other gift registries; and participate in discussion boards or other community features. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and photograph in your profile; and financial information.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.
Mobile
Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services. Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, and purchase or redemption information; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at HobbyWorks.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, communications and personalized advertising preferences); payment settings (including promotional certificate and gift card balances); e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, and newsletters); Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations); shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists); and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).
Hobby Works®
354 Domer Avenue
Laurel, MD 20707
© Brey Corp., 2012. All Rights Reserved. "Hobby Works" is a registered trademark of Brey Corp., No. 2,536,194.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
(301) 725-0383
Questions?
Hobby Works®
354 Domer Avenue
Laurel, MD 20707
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
(301) 725-0383
Questions?