http://www.ifranks.com/privacy-policy
COVID UPDATE: 10th December 2020
We are open to the public and look forward to helping you.
BROWSE
GUIDES
FLATWARE
ABOUT
CONTACT
(0)
menu
BROWSE OUR COMPLETE INVENTORY
View Newly Added Items
POPULAR CATEGORIES
Afternoon Tea
Animals
Art Deco
Arts & Crafts
Barware
Candlesticks
Christening Gifts
Collectibles
Dining Table Ideas
Dressing Table Ideas
For The Desk
For Wine Lovers
Lighting
Mid-Century Modern
Novelties
Photograph Frames
Smoking Accessories
Statement Pieces
Tea Sets
Trophies & Awards
View All
SILVERSMITHS
Hester Bateman
Omar Ramsden
Paul Storr
Barnards
Elkington & Co.
Goldsmiths & Silversmiths Co.
James Dixon & Sons
Mappin & Webb
Thomas Bradbury & Sons
Walker & Hall
View All
MONARCHS
Queen Anne
Georgian
George I
George II
George III
Regency
George IV
William IV
Victorian
Edwardian
View All
History of the hallmarking system
British silver is famous for the series of enigmatic markings it carries.
How to read British Hallmarks
Decode the hallmarks on British Silver and discover the age of your silver.
How to clean silver
Learn how to maintain the elegant, soft lustre of hand polished silver.
Sterling Silver
92.5% silver by weight - The legal standard for silver items since 1238.
Britannia Silver
95.84% silver by weight - The standard for silver items from 1697 to 1720.
Silver Plate
Made by electroplating silver onto the surface of another metal.
Old Sheffield Plate
The oldest form of silver plate made by heat fusing silver onto copper.
Silver Flatware & Cutlery - Buying Guide
Everything you need to know when buying your first silverware set
PRIVACY POLICY
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. Very occasionally, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
We never pass any of your personal information over to a third party.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, enquire about a product, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason and to send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
How do I withdraw my consent?
You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@ifranks.com or mailing us at: I.Franks, Vault 9, The London Silver Vaults, Chancery Lane, London, WC2A 1QS, United Kingdom
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - PAYMENT
Your purchase transaction data is never handled or stored by us. All sensitive credit card data is collected directly by either SagePay or PayPal depending on which payment method you choose.
SagePay and PayPal adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
SECTION 7 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@ifranks.com or by mail at I.Franks, Vault 9, The London Silver Vaults, Chancery Lane, London, WC2A 1QS, United Kingdom.
I.FRANKS
About
Blog
Contact
ONLINE STORE
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Google +
Pinterest
© I.Franks 2020. All Rights Reserved