http://www.trollandtoad.com/termsAndConditions
Terms and Conditions
If you visit or shop at TrollAndToad.com, you hereby acknowledge that you have read the following conditions and agree to be bound by them. Please print these Conditions using your computer's print function. TrollAndToad.com provides its services to you subject to the following Conditions Of Use ("COU") which include its Privacy Policy, which may be updated by TrollAndToad.com from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the COU at any time on this page. It is your obligation to check our COU and related policies and make yourself aware of any changes which may have been implemented.Any deletions from, alterations, modifications, or additions to the COU shall not be binding to TrollAndToad.com unless they are expressed in writing and accepted by TrollAndToad.com's authorized representative. If you do not agree to abide by our COU then you are not allowed to use this site or any services provided by TrollAndToad.com. If you don't agree to any future changes which may be made to these policies, then your remedy is to discontinue using this site and services provided by TrollAndToad.com.We accept checks under these conditions: When you pay by check, you expressly authorize this merchant, if your check is dishonored or returned for any reason, to electronically debit your account for the amount of the check plus a processing fee of $25.00 (or legal limit) plus any applicable sales tax. Use of a check for a payment is your acknowledgement and acceptance of this policy and its terms. This collection will be handled by Chexcollect.com, a division of Creative Cash Flow Solutions, Inc.Any missing items or orders not received within 30 days by the purchaser or intended recipient must be reported to Troll and Toad.We allow returns on all products purchased on our website, to be returned within 30 days, except as follows:Any product may be returned within 30 days of the shipment date for a full refund as long as it is returned in the same condition as it was received. You must fill out a return authorization form, and return the item within 7 days of its arrival. If an order is returned to us, due to our failure to put an accurate address, because we have instructed you to refuse this order, because we have shipped the wrong items, or because we asked the shipping company to return the order, then our company is entirely responsible for the shipping charges, both to and from you, the buyer. Otherwise, the shipping costs, both to and from, are your responsibility and any charges billed to us will, in turn, be charged to you. The refund will be issued within 3-7 business days of the return of the product. If the product is received back in altered condition (e.g. a sealed board game opened, a booster pack opened, a crease on a near-mint roleplaying book etc.), then it will be treated as a sale to us of a used item, not as a return, and your credit will depend on what we would normally pay for that used product (if any). If you have purchased a factory sealed item that is missing pieces, parts, instructions, etc., please let us know and we will contact the manufacturer to obtain replacement pieces. To do your return, click here and print out a copy of our return form. Then follow the instructions.Placing an order does not enter into a contract with Troll And Toad until the order is accepted. Troll & Toad may choose to refuse the order, based on lack of inventory, pricing errors, or concerns about payment. Please read the Conditions Of Use for a full explanation of these items.TrollAndToad.com is an independent reseller of branded products and is not affiliated with the owners of those brands. TrollAndToad.com is not responsible for compliance by purchasers with laws governing the importation of branded products into countries outside the United States. TrollAndToad.com disclaims any liability arising from the resale of branded products by purchasers in countries where such resale is prohibited by applicable trademark laws.Don't like the new look?Please sign in to leave feedback about our new site.
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience.
By continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies and revised Privacy Policy.
AGREE
X