https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site,
especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those
users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to
transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com
(collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information”
refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to
whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number,
email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally
Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without
identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified
individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors.
We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses,
phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and
the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or
sell.
What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit
card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and
escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how
they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of
these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain,
and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service
offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and
Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information
related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to
contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested
information.
With whom may the information may be shared?
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized
Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers.
We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our
Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors.
We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by
us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally
Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by
www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of…
Recent Posts
Do You Need to Hire Professional House Cleaning Service?
Why You Need a Standby Generator
Guide to Choosing a Buyer’s Estate Advocate
A Buying Guide for a Variable Speed Pool Pump
Reasons to Buy a Pizza Oven
Pages
About Us
Contact
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Why You Should Install Security Cameras in Your Home
Popular Post
Tips for Buying the Best Showerhead
1 view
A Buying Guide for a Variable Speed Pool Pump
1 view
Tagsaicon
appliance
buyer's advocate
camera
concrete
cuisine
Desk
driveway
driveway construction
flooring
Furniture
generator
google
heater
home
home buying
home buying company
home inspections
improvement
inspection services
kitchen
Office
pool pump
reference
roof
roofing
roof repair
roof restoration
standby generator
store
tankless water heater
technology
variable speed pool pump
window
wire
Subscribe
Email
Find Us
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Service