http://www.zirh.com/pages/terms-conditions
Free Shipping on Orders $50+
Terms & Conditions
ZIRH is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information we collect, and the ways in which we use that information. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
Collecting and Using Information
ZIRH collects information from you through zirh.com in the following primary ways: when you register to purchase, when you sign-up for our Newsletter, and when you submit an email inquiry. The information you provide when registering to purchase includes the general facts necessary for us to complete your order - your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, as well as credit card number and expiry date.
Your credit card number is privileged information and is processed by ZIRH’s authorized third-party payment processor protected by SSL encryption technology. Your online account information is stored and maintained in a secure location separate from this web site. ZIRH may also collect and use information about transactions carried out over this website including purchases and returns as well as information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to one of our website services including our Newsletter. The information we collect is never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
ZIRH may use your personal information to administer this website, enable your access to and use of the website services, send to you products that you purchase, supply services to you that you request, send you statements and invoices, collect payments from you; and send you marketing communications. Where ZIRH discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, ZIRH may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. This site collects cookies. ZIRH will never knowingly request or use personal information from children under 13 years of age without prior parental consent. If ZIRH receives actual knowledge that a subscriber is under 13 years of age, ZIRH will eliminate all personal information relating to this subscriber from our files.
Securing Your Data
ZIRH will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. ZIRH will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by SSL encryption technology. Updating this statement ZIRH may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites. ZIRH is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact ZIRH If you would like to gain access to your personal information collected by ZIRH or if you have any questions about this privacy policy or ZIRH’s treatment of your personal information, please write to:
TPR Holdings LLC
875 Third Avenue, 7th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Or email us at customerservice@zirh.com