https://www.thevideobeat.com/privacy-notice.html
It's Cool and Crazy, Man!
My Account
Wishlist
Cart
Checkout
Log In
Your Shopping cart is empty.
Skip to Main Content »
Search!
Advanced Search
Home
/
Privacy Notice - The VIDEO BEAT! - We don't collect financial information
OUR PRIVACY POLICY - A CONE OF SILENCE
We searched the internet and found some generic privacy policy statements and were going to edit one and place it here. But the truth is we don't need a lengthy, boring, legal-sounding privacy statement
because we treat you the way we want to be treated.
We hate spam! We hate receiving dozens of emails every month just because we visited a website and gave them our email address. Entering our email address does NOT mean it's okay to spam us to death! And if we do subscribe to receive a newsletter, that does NOT mean it's okay to send us junk emails every other day. Can you dig it?
The VIDEO BEAT! collects your name, email and shipping address. We use
it to ship your order. Period. If you subscribed to receive our monthly newsletter (which contains new title
updates and discount codes), we'll send you one, sometimes maybe two, short emails a month.
Each email contains an unsubscribe link.
We use Authorize.net to process credit cards. When you enter credit card information and click "place order" you are connecting directly to Authorize.net, the leading provider of secure e-commerce transactions.  The connection between The VIDEO BEAT! and Authorize.net uses leading edge SSL technology for safe and secure internet ecommerce.
The VIDEO BEAT! does not save, or even know your credit card number. Well, we know the last four digits, but that's all. Please feel confident that the little bit of information we collect is never sold or mishandled in any way.  It is treated with respect.  Peace out.
Oh yeah, I forgot...  We had to pass a ton of inspections and tests to become "PCI compliant."  That means our site is secure and we treat customer data securly.  If we didn't pass the tests we would not have been allowed to have a credit card capability on our website.
« Back
My Cart
You have no titles in your shopping cart.
view cart
Popular Tags
50s rock & roll
60s beat groups
60s pop
60s rock & roll
60s soul
British invasion
Doo Wop
JDs
LSD
London
NYC
R&B
San Francisco
bad girls
beatniks
bikers
drugs
garage band
hippies
hot rods
jazz
merseybeat
pot
psychedelic
rockabilly
soul
teen dance show
view all tags
Recent Customer Reviewer
FANTASTIC!!!
I had it on a DVR that died & I've looked for this since it first aired. It was nowhere to be found. Now I've finally ...
Read More
Great Movie! A Study in Personalities!
Very Rare film to find.
Don Gordon is excellent as the punchy washed up boxer.
Carol Anne
Seflinger is also excelle...
Read More
A Damn Fine Cold War Drama
I've been researching Cold War cinema for a while now. I chiefly am focusing on 80s films, but Ladybug Ladybug serves ...
Read More
Let it be
I think it is a great film especially the segment where they are jamming on the Apple roof top.
Read More
Different and Interesting
This film separates itself from other documentaries in that it tells the story of the man behind the music.
So much h...
Read More
Awesome quality
One of the first movies I remember seeing as a kid. Good quality. Worth the price.
Read More
Very fun watch
As long as you're not too hung up on perfect hi-fi sound this is a fun festival film. The "high light" for me is Joni'...
Read More
Good Wins Out at Platinum High School
Great film quality and sound.
Mickey Rooney is great in his role and was a good "B" film actor during the 50's & 60's...
Read More
Great JD Film
A must for all Jeffrey Hunter fans.
Excellent picture quality and sound.
Susan Harrison is sexy and evil.
Dennis Ho...
Read More
Received order...just wanted to say I'm happy.
The "Birth of the Beatles" (US version) movie is especially good image quality, I would rate it (9.5) for image qualit...
Read More
About Us
Contact
Happy Customers
Frequent Questions
Payments
Discount Codes
Shipping & Return Policy
Reading
Remastering
Tags
Link To Us
Home
Friday December 11, 2020
Get a Discount Code Now
Sign up for our Newsletter
Submit !
© 2020 The VIDEO BEAT!
Privacy Policy
to report problems
British Invasion Movies
Hot Rod Movies on DVD
60s Mod Movies on DVD
Rockabilly Movies on DVD
Japanese Eleki
Japanese GS Group Sounds Movies
60s Soul on DVD
Cult Movies
1950s Rock & Roll Movies
1960s Rock & Roll Movies
Juvenile Delinquent JD Movies
Scopitone Films
50s & 60s Rock & Roll TV Shows
Hard to Find Movies on DVD