http://www.cookiesbydiane.com/pages/delivery-policy
Zyn
/
Privacy Policy
ZYN respects your privacy and is committed to using the information you provide responsibly. This privacy policy sets out how your information is used and protects all the information that you give ZYN when you access the site. ZYN asks you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website. By doing this, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. ZYN may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. We encourage you to check this page frequently to ensure that you are happy with changes that ZYN has made.
What ZYN Collects
ZYN collects the following information:
Your name.
Your contact information, including your email address.
Demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
Security
ZYN is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. ZYN uses the most up to date software and security systems available. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, ZYN has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information that is collected online.
Cookies
A cookie is a file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. If you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
ZYN uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps ZYN analyze data about web page traffic and allows improvement to the website in order to tailor it to our customer's needs. ZYN only uses this information for statistical purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies helps ZYN provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer, however, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links To Other Websites
ZYN's website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should understand that ZYN does not have any control over the other website. ZYN is not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody else for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to ZYN using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at team@zyn.ca.
ZYN will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you believe that any information that ZYN has on file for you is incorrect or incomplete, please email ZYN at team@zyn.ca. ZYN will promptly correct any information you found to be incorrect.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top