http://www.efloors.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
About the Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the website (https://efloors.com) of Superior Value Products, Inc., doing business as Efloors.com (the "Company," "we," or "us"), an Illinois corporation. The purpose of this site is to provide you with information about the Company, and the Company’s ("our") products and services. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand the conditions in which we collect, use, and disclose information, your rights in relation to that information, and our policy regarding browser "Do Not Track" requests.  The policy uses plain language in a layered format, with internal links throughout.  Please contact us if you have any questions or feedback after reviewing this Privacy Policy.
Who is Covered by this Policy?
The Company works with customers and prospective customers ages eighteen (18) and above in the United States.  The website is intended for use by United States residents, and is governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Illinois exclusively.  If you believe a non-United States resident or a minor has inadvertently shared information with us, please notify us so that we can take corrective measures.
What Types of Information does the Company Collect?
At various times, the Company may collect "Non-Personal Information" and "Personal Information."  "Non-Personal Information" is information that cannot directly be connected to a specific person without being compiled with additional information.  For example, "Visitor from Joliet, Illinois" or "254 visitors from Joliet, Illinois on January 24," in and of itself would be Non-Personal Information.  On the other hand, "Personal Information" can be directly associated with a specific person, without any additional information, such as a first and last name, an e-mail address, mailing address, or a telephone number.  For example, "John Doe of 123 Any Street, Joliet, Illinois," would constitute Personal Information.  If you have questions about the distinction between Non-Personal Information and Personal Information, please contact us using the information listed below.
What is the Scope of the Policy?
The policy governs the treatment of Non-Personal Information and Personal Information obtained through (i) our website, (ii) e-mail correspondence and text chat with the Company, (iii) telephone calls with the Company, (iv) in-person correspondence with the Company, (v) mail or other correspondence with the Company, (vi) information provided to us by third-party sources, (vii) information submitted to us through social media platforms, (viii) information submitted to us through your participation in any sweepstakes or contests, and (ix) any other sources.  It is intended to be broad and informative in nature.
How does the Website Respond to Do-Not-Track Signals?
Major commercial web browsers allow users an option to send a "Do Not Track" signal to websites, requesting such sites not use online tracking mechanisms for the user.  Our website does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals.  If you have any further questions about our policy regarding "Do Not Track" signals, please contact us using the information listed below.
How does the Company use Personal Information and Non-Personal Information?
We may use your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information for a variety of purposes.  For example, at various times, if you communicate with us via our website or over the phone, or open an account with us, you may provide your name and contact information, information about the products you are interested in, etc.  We may use your Personal Information to perform services and/or deliver goods requested by you.  We may also send you notices that we think would be of interest to you.  If you no longer wish to receive electronic communications, please update your subscription preferences in your account profile or click "Unsubscribe" in an e-mail from us.
In the future, we may (with your permission) send text messages to a mobile telephone number you provide to us.  This would allow us to provide any pictures of products you request, appointment reminders, etc.  Standard messaging rates would apply.  You could opt out of such messages at any time by responding, "STOP."
Non-Personal and Personal information may be aggregated for purposes such as counting the number of customers, analyzing demographics, improving our services, creating better products, enabling online analytics and research, and managing our business.   We may also analyze for market research purposes Non-Personal Information such data as IP addresses, domain names, time of your visit, software and hardware attributes (including device IDs), and geographic location.
If you have any further questions about the types of information we collect, please contact us using the information listed below.
How does the Company Protect my Information?
The Company takes data security very seriously.  Information you enter on our website may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), 128 bit encryption services, which are enabled by VeriSign, Inc. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP. This system is designed to prevent the unauthorized viewing, altering, or deleting of your information.
We comply with Payment Card Industry (PCI) data security standards for credit card transactions made on our website.  Credit card information is transmitted to us using SSL technology and encrypted by our Payment Gateway providers.
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication, so we ask that you do not disclose private information by email.  The Company’s policy on browser "Do Not Track" requests can be found here.  If you have further questions about how we secure your data, please contact us using the information listed below.
Although we make these strident, commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard your information, you should also take appropriate steps to keep your information secure.  Do not access your account from an unsecure location, such as a public wifi spot.  Do not divulge account login information to anyone.  Remember to sign off your account any time you are finished with a session on our website and close your browser window.
What Options do I have when you Communicate with me?
You may update your communications preferences at any time through your profile on the website.  If you receive e-mail from the Company and no longer wish to receive similar messages, you may unsubscribe by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in such e-mail.  If you are having difficulty submitting an "Unsubscribe" request or wish to report an issue, please contact us using the information listed below.
What is your Cookies and Web Beacons Policy?
We reserve the right to use cookies and beacons (sometimes known as "single-pixel gif files" or "clear gif files") when you interact with us electronically.  Cookies are small files that are stored on your device, and that allow us to recognize prior visits, user preferences, etc.  You can alter browser settings to update your preferences regarding cookies.  The "Help" menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of the browser’s manufacturer.  However, not all features of our websites may necessarily work optimally without cookies.
Beacons may be embedded in a web page or e-mail and facilitate sharing of certain Non-Personal Information and Personal Information, for example, whether a user opened an e-mail, IP address, length of time on site, pages visited, and other information.  Beacons in an e-mail can be declined by disabling HTML images or refusing HTML in your e-mail software.  If you have any further questions about our cookies and beacons policy, please contact us using the information listed below.  Also see our policy regarding "Do Not Track" signals above.
What is your Policy on Third-Party Data Sharing?
The Company has profiles on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, and advertises on Google and potentially with other third parties.  At various times, these third-parties collect and share analytics, auditing, research, and reporting.  In Google’s case, collection is done through the use of its proprietary Google Analytics programs.  Data collected includes "clickstream data", such as IP addresses, page requests, pages visited, content viewed, clicks, search queries made, etc.  Our e-mail marketing program is administered by a third-party service, MailChimp.  Additionally, our website may have links to third-party websites.  Once you enter a third-party site, this privacy policy will no longer govern, and the third-party business’s policy will govern instead.
If you have any questions about any third-party business’s policies, please refer to its respective privacy policy.  To specifically opt out of Google Analytics data collection, more information is available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
The Company contracts with various freight carriers, providing them a customer name, address, e-mail address, and phone number for the purposes of completing delivery.
For information regarding payment transactions, such as credit card purchases, see "How does the Company Protect my Information?".
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information may always be shared with third parties when we believe, in our sole discretion, that doing so is required to comply with federal, state, or local law, a court order, subpoena, or other legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or potential legal claims.  Additionally, it may be shared to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or tortious acts, violations of our policies, or threats against us or any third parties.  In the event of a proposed financing, sale, insuring, assignment, bankruptcy, or other disposal of our business or its assets, such information may also be shared.
If you have any further questions about our policy regarding third-party data sharing, please contact us using the information listed above.
Do I have Access to my Information and what Choices do I have?
If you have questions about the types of personal information we have regarding you, please contact us using the information listed below [LINK to "Questions"].  After providing appropriate verification of your identity, you have the right to:
Review data the Company may have about you, if any
Correct any incorrect data the Company may have about you
Request we delete non-essential data the Company may have about you
Express any concern you have about the Company's use of your data
As stated above, our policy is to not honor "Do Not Track" browser requests regarding web data.
Where will Updates to this Policy Appear?
As our business, security measures, and technology evolve, we reserve the right to update this policy at any time.  Changes to this policy will appear on this website.
What if I Believe there has been a Lapse in this Privacy Policy?
If you believe we are not abiding by our privacy policy in any way, please immediately bring the attention to our management team using the information listed below.
Restrictions on Use of Materials
This website is protected by the copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other jurisdictions. You may print copies of or download the information on this website only for your personal, noncommercial use.
You may not, without the express prior written consent of Superior Value Products, Inc. d/b/a Efloors.com:
Copy, distribute, or download any information on this website for any purpose other than your personal, noncommercial use
Copy or download the website's designs, text, graphics, pictures, reviews,information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement the website contents
Copy or use any of the Company’s trademarks, service marks, logos, slogans or corporate name
Modify any information on this website for any reason
Include any part of this website in another work
Frame content on the website; or
Link or create a hyperlink to content on the website.
Superior Value Products d/b/a Efloors.com reserves all rights not specifically granted herein.  Any questions about this policy should be directed below.
Questions
Please direct any questions to Efloors.com Consumer Care at 1000 Brook Forest Avenue, Shorewood, Illinois 60435, telephone 1-888-522-5456.    We can be reached Monday through Friday from 8:00AM to 6:00PM Central Time, and Saturday 9:00AM to 5:00PM Central Time, except national holidays.
Last Update
Last Updated March 1, 2019
We Price MatchAlways Get The Best Price
Get SamplesSee Before you Buy
Returns & ShippingHow It Works
Questions?Contact Us! 1-888-522-5456
Efloors.com Insiders Club
×
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
Save
Close