http://www.dillards.com/c/faqs-notices-policies#q=int-policies-notices-question-legal-terms-of-use
Skip to main contentpause promoPauseSale and ClearanceShop By BrandLimited AvailabilityLoginLogin Menu DropdownLoginMy Dillard's AccountMy Wish Listshopping-bag-outline0 items in cartWomenJuniorsMenKidsShoesHandbagsAccessoriesLingerieHomeBeautyFAQ, Notices, and PoliciesShipping & DeliveryDillard's Credit Card & RewardsGeneral InformationReturnsGift CardsProduct RecallsOrdersRegistry FAQCompany Notices & Terms of UseShopping Account InformationCompany & Store LocationsCalifornia Transparency ActPrint Return LabelClick an option below to print a Return Label. Print a Return LabelIn-Store Purchase Return LabelFrequently Asked QuestionsShipping and DeliveryWhat are your shipping charges?Orders with merchandise totaling $150 and over delivered to addresses in the Continental United States qualify for Free Standard Shipping on non-additional clearance sale days. Customers paying with a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s American Express Card will receive free shipping on orders with merchandise totaling $99 and over on additional clearance sale days.Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service and ordered before 12PM CST (noon) are shipped the same day (Monday through Friday). Expedited or Next Business Day orders placed on Friday after 12PM CST (noon), Saturday, Sunday or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery within two business days for Expedited and one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or to U.S. Territories. Shipping charges are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address. The following charges will apply to your order:CONTINENTAL U.S.Merchandise TotalStandardExpeditedNext Business DayUp to $149.99$9.95$20$30$150 and UpFree*$20$30$99 and UpUsing a Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American ExpressFree$20$30CONTINENTAL U.S.-P.O.BOX/ APO/ FPOMerchandise TotalStandardExpeditedNext Business DayUp to $149.99$9.95Not AvailableNot Available$150 and UpFree*Not AvailableNot Available$99 and UpUsing a Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American ExpressFreeNot AvailableNot AvailableALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIESStandardExpeditedNext Business Day$25Not AvailableNot Available*Additional Clearance Day purchases made without a Dillard's credit card will be charged $9.95 shippingItems, including certain electronics that are very large or fragile may include an additional shipping charge. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.Gift Cards are shipped U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited delivery and an $20.00 charge for Next Business Day delivery.Dillard's does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol based products via Expedited delivery, Next Business Day delivery or to P.O. boxes, military facilities or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery for the shipment of these items.Do you ship to APO/FPO addresses?Yes, we do ship to APO/FPO addresses. However, due to restrictions at those postal facilities, we are unable to ship oversized or heavy items. We also cannot offer Expedited or Next Business Day shipping to these locations. Please allow 2-8 weeks for delivery.How will my order ship?Our service providers are FedEx and USPS. The carrier will be determined by the service available for your "ship to" location and the method of delivery (Standard, Expedited or Next Business Day) you select. When your order ships, you will receive an email that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. You will also receive an email when your purchase has been delivered. For more information about shipping, please refer to our Shipping Policy.Does Dillard's offer In Store or Curbside Pickup?Yes, most items on Dillards.com are available for both pickup in store and curbside pickup. See restrictions below:The orders must total $50 or more (the only exception is cosmetic merchandise, which can be less than $50).The order cannot include a Gift Card.Merchandise cannot be more than 52% off the original price.All orders for china and stemware will be shipped from the warehouse to the store for pickup.The order cannot contain items shipped directly from the vendor.The In Store Pickup option isn't available for customers shopping on Dillards.com International site.The option will display on the shipping section of checkout for merchandise available for Curbside or In Store Pickup. Simply select your preferred location from a list of States/Cities/Stores.You will be charged for the merchandise when you receive the email that your merchandise is ready to be picked up or when the merchandise is shipped from the warehouse. There will be no fee for this service.When the merchandise is available for pick up, you will be notified via email or text message. Orders may be picked up during regular store hours in the Customer Service/Gift Wrap area of your pickup store. You will need the email containing the barcode you received stating the merchandise is ready to be picked up.If an item becomes unavailable in store after your order is placed you will receive an email with your options.What should I expect when using Curbside Pickup?You will receive an email letting you know we received your order (this does not indicate the order is ready for pickup). You will receive another email when your order is ready for pickup.Look for an email titled "Your order is ready for pickup." This email will include pickup instructions. The individual picking up your order will present this email to an associate in the Order Pickup AreaYou will then have 10 days to claim your order in store.Merchandise may not be available the same day the order is created.ReturnsWhat if I need to return an item?The following items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable: (1) clearance merchandise marked down 65% or more; (2) merchandise on sale with an additional discount, e.g. items marked down 25% plus an additional 30-50% discount for a limited time; and (3) personalized merchandise. The foregoing limitations on returns and exchanges to not apply to merchandise that is damaged, defective or shipped in error.Items purchased on Dillards.com that are eligible for return can be returned to the Internet Store location (address below) or to any Dillard's store (excluding Clearance Centers). Electronic items and shoes must be returned in the original packing material from the manufacturer. The return shipping address is:   Dillard's Direct   600 Carnahan Drive   Maumelle, AR 72113Please be aware that you will be responsible for return shipping charges. If you wish to print a Return Label, click Check Order Status at the bottom of any page to find your order information. For additional information, please refer to our Online Return Policy.What if I need to return a gift purchased in a Dillard's store?You are welcome to return gifts to any Dillard's store and we will provide you with a gift card to be used on other merchandise. Additionally, you can
click here to print a return label to mail your item(s) back to our fulfillment center.OrdersHow can I check on my order?You may check the status of your order online. Click Check Order Status here or at the bottom of any page and enter your order number and billing phone number to view details of a specific order.To see a list of all orders placed, click Check Order Status and log in with your email address and password. You can also view purchase history via Payment History in the MY DILLARD's dropdown at the top of any page. You can click on a specific order to view details. If you have questions about your order, contact us or call 1-800-DILLARD. We provide a reference number on our status emails and online in Order Status that can be used to track your order once it has been shipped.What if I need to cancel my order?We can cancel your order if we received your request prior to the creation of a shipping label. Once a shipping label has been created, an order cannot be canceled, but the order may be returned to us or to any Dillard’s store location. The following items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable: (1) clearance merchandise marked down 65% or more; (2) merchandise on sale with an additional discount, e.g. items marked down 25% plus an additional 30-50% discount for a limited time; and (3) personalized merchandise. The foregoing limitations on returns and exchanges to not apply to merchandise that is damaged, defective or shipped in error. Do you offer Gift Wrap?Yes. Wedding Registry purchases are packaged in a complimentary white gift box. For all other purchases, we will place each item you specify in a red gift box for $6 per item.What types of payment do you accept for online purchases?We accept the following payment types: Dillard's Credit Card, Dillard's American Express Card, Gift Card/eGift Card, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal®, and Afterpay. We can only accept one credit card type and number per order and only cards issued in the U.S. However, we do accept Gift Card(s) in combination with a Dillard's Credit Card or PayPal®.How do I contact Dillard's Customer Service and what are their hours?Call 1-800-DILLARD. Dillard's Customer Service hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 10PM (CST), Sunday 9AM to 7PM (CST).Do I have to pay tax on my order?Sales tax is applied to your order, based on the order's "ship to" address, in accordance with the jurisdiction's laws. Be advised that some states require a tax on the delivery and/or gift wrap charges, as well.Do you have auto-replenishment makeup subscription services?Enjoy automatic replenishment of many of your favorite makeup products. Items eligible for this service will be noted when viewing the product. You will see the Subscribe radio button above your favorite product’s add-to-bag button.Subscription service frequency intervals available are 30 days, 60 days, or 90 days.To activate your subscription, simply select the Subscription radio button, choose your desired replenishment frequency, and click the Add To Bag & Subscribe button. Should you change your mind, this information may be updated on your Shopping Bag before placing your order.Your product(s) will be automatically shipped to you at the intervals you select. You can cancel at any time prior to shipment.When your subscription order is ready to be processed, we will send an email reminder. Within a few days thereafter, your order will be shipped to your Quick Checkout shipping address and charged to your Quick Checkout credit card. You will receive a second email confirming the shipment of the order and that your credit card has been billed.Your subscription can be cancelled and frequencies may be changed at any time. To cancel or change your subscription, log in and go to My Account. Under your My Account menu you will see Subscriptions.Shopping Account InformationHow do I create a Dillards.com account?You can create a Dillards.com account by clicking on any of the following links:Create An Account at the top of any pageLOGIN at the top of any pageDuring the checkout processAre you required to have a Dillards.com account to purchase on your site?No, you do not. You can shop as frequently as you like as a "guest customer", but we hope that you will choose to create a Dillards.com account. The benefits include: Quick Checkout, Wish Lists, Managing eGift Cards and Purchase History / Order Tracking.What if I forget my password or need to reset it?If you forget your password, you will need to reset it. To do this, click on the Forgot Your Password? link at any location where you log in.After clicking the link, proceed by entering your email address that is on file with Dillards.com and submit the form. Please submit the form only ONCE and wait for the password reset email to be sent to you.If you have not received the email after 15 minutes, please verify you entered your email address correctly and submit the form again. Note that if you do not have a Dillards.com account, one can be created by clicking Create An Account.Once you have received the reset password email, proceed by clicking the link in the email. If you have reset your password multiple times you MUST use the link in the most recent email.Once you are on the reset password page, enter a new, valid password. Valid passwords include: 8-16 characters, at least one lower case letter, at least one upper case letter and at least one number. Note that this page is intended for resetting your password and other page functions may not work normally.Please contact us if you are still having trouble resetting your password after completing these steps.How do I change my Dillards.com account profile?You can do this any time by clicking LOGIN at the top of page. After you enter your login information, click My Personal Information and/or My Quick Checkout Profile from the MY DILLARD'S drop down menu.Can I see my eReceipts electronically without getting them sent by email?If you are a registered shopper on Dillards.com, you can click My Account at the top of any page (while logged in), and then click My Dillard's Account. Web Orders (pending and completed) and Store Orders (made at a Dillard's store) are located under Purchase History. Click on the transaction number to see a copy of the receipt.Gift CardsDo you have Gift Cards?Gift Cards may be purchased only in our physical store locations. You can click on Store Locator at the bottom of any page to find the store nearest you.Gift Cards may be used for purchases in any of our stores or on Dillards.com. You cannot use a Gift Card to purchase a Gift Card or eGift Card.For your security, we can only accept gift cards with a PIN. To replace a card that does not have a pin you may either: Bring your card to customer service at your nearest Dillard’s store, and we’ll replace it while you’re there. Mail your card to (Dillard's P.O. Box 486 2nd Floor Little Rock, AR 72203 Attn: Card Exchange) and we’ll send you a new card within 3 business days.You can check your balance online, call 1-800-DILLARD, or ask any store associate for assistance.If your card is lost or stolen call 1-800-DILLARD or contact any Dillard's store to report a lost or stolen Gift Card. In either case, you must have the Gift Card number.Do you sell Electronic Gift Cards?Yes and they are available for sale on Dillards.com. Our eGift Card selection can be accessed by clicking Gift Cards at the bottom of any page. eGift cards are available in amounts from $10 to $250. eGift Cards will be emailed within 24-48 hours and are subject to credit approval/authorization.eGift Cards can be used on Dillards.com or for purchases in any of our stores. You cannot use a eGift Card to purchase a eGift Card or Gift Card. The PIN on your printed eGift Card will only be necessary if someone other than yourself uses the gift card to make a purchase online.eGift Cards must be activated before using. After receiving the email announcing your eGift Card:Click the Activate button in the email.If you have a Dillards.com account, enter your personal information and log in.If you do not have an account, click Create an Account and enter your personal information.You must have a Dillards.com account to redeem an eGift Card. eGift Card funds will automatically apply to your account once you log in to your Dillards.com account.You can view your card via Manage eGift Card option on the My Dillard’s Account menu. To access this page select the MY DILLARD's dropdown at the top of any page. Check your balance online, call 1-800-DILLARD or an associate at any store can give you that information.When returning a purchase made with a eGift Card Company policy is that the value of the returning eGift Card purchases must always be placed on traditional gift cards.Dillard's Credit Card and Reward ProgramHow can I learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards and Dillard's Rewards Program?To learn more about the Dillard's Credit Cards/Dillard's Rewards Program, please visit Dillards.com/Rewards.What is the Dillard's Rewards Program?The Dillard's Rewards Program is a points-based program that allows you to choose either a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass that is good for one day or a $10 Rewards Certificate each time you earn 1,500 Rewards Points.1Dillard's Credit Cardmembers and Dillard's American Express Cardmembers earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at Dillard's.1 Dillard's American Express Cardmembers also earn 2 Rewards Points for every dollar spent in net purchases at qualifying U.S. gas stations and U.S. supermarkets,2 as well as 1 Rewards Point for every dollar spent in net purchases everywhere else American Express is accepted.1With a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass, you can use the pass to save 10% on all Dillard's merchandise you purchase with your Dillard's Card on the day of your choice.1 With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you can take $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase.11,2See Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.1Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit.2Two Rewards Points are earned per dollar spent on net purchases at: (1) U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as gas station and automated fuel dispensers (gas purchases at warehouse/membership clubs, grocery stores, car washes, auto repair stores, and superstores that sell gasoline may not earn two points); (2) at U.S. retailers whose merchant code for American Express is classified as U.S. supermarkets or grocery stores (purchases at superstores, convenience stores, and warehouse clubs are not coded as supermarkets). For all other purchases, one Rewards Point is earned per dollar spent in net purchases. Wells Fargo does not have the ability to control how a merchant is classified and therefore reserves the right to determine which purchases qualify for two Rewards Points. Certain transactions do not earn points.How do I receive and redeem Dillard's Rewards Shopping Passes or Dillard's Rewards Certificates?Dillard's Cardmembers will receive a 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass or a $10 Rewards Certificate for every 1,500 Rewards Points earned.1 You may earn no more than four Rewards Certificates or one 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass issued per statement. There will be a maximum of 48 Rewards Certificates or 12 Rewards Shopping Passes issued per account, per calendar year. Rewards are issued within one to two billing cycles after the 1,500 points threshold is met and will be sent to you with your monthly billing statement.10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes are valid for 10% off a total day's purchases at Dillard's when you use your Dillard's Card.1 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes must be presented at time of purchase to receive the offer and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may redeem your 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass only at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs. The 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass must be used by the expiration date shown on the 10% Off Rewards Shopping Pass. You cannot redeem multiple 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes on a single day. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. 10% Off Rewards Shopping Passes cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards.With a $10 Rewards Certificate, you receive $10 off a Dillard's Card purchase at Dillard's.1 Rewards Certificates must be presented at the time of purchase for a transaction to receive the offer, and the discount will be taken at the time of the transaction. You may only redeem your Rewards Certificate at Dillard's store locations, on Dillards.com purchases, by phone through Dillard's, or on purchases made through Dillard's catalogs, and by the expiration date shown on the Rewards Certificate. You can redeem multiple Rewards Certificates on a single transaction. Rewards Certificates cannot be combined with any non-sale related promotional offer. Rewards Certificates cannot be used for prior purchases, credited to an account, redeemed for cash, used in conjunction with any other form of payment, or used for purchasing gift cards. The value of the purchase must be equal to, or greater than, the value of the Rewards Certificate. If the value of a purchase is less than the value of the Rewards Certificate, any remaining unused value will be forfeited.1 Rewards Points are earned on net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) only. Certain transactions do not earn Rewards Points. Shopping Passes and Rewards Certificates have some limitations and exclusions, which will be disclosed on the passes/certificates at the time of issuance. Purchases subject to available credit limit. See Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.How do I reach Elite Member status? What are the benefits of being an Elite Cardmember?Shop your way to Elite Member status and maintain that status by charging $2,000 or more each calendar year1 on your Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American Express Card.Dillard's Elite Cardmembers are entitled to a number of benefits: Free Standard shipping for purchases on Dillards.com and gift wrapping benefits (up to $16.95 for each service)2 Monthly bonus Rewards Point offers3Invitations to private shopping eventsDedicated customer service phone number1To achieve and maintain Elite status, you must charge $2,000 or more in net purchases (purchases minus returns and adjustments) on your Dillard's Card each calendar year. You must also keep your account open and be no more than two consecutive payments past due. The Elite benefits listed are for the current year and are subject to change in subsequent years. See the Dillard's Rewards Program Terms and Conditions for details.2 Standard shipping (on Dillards.com purchases) and gift wrapping (on Dillard's in-store and Dillards.com purchases) benefits are available on each transaction.3Any such promotion(s) or offer(s) may have specific terms and conditions that will be disclosed at the time of the promotion or offer.Company and Store LocationsHow do I find the Dillard's store closest to me?Click Store Locator at the bottom of any page. Click a state to find stores closest to you.Does Dillard's offer alterations?Dillards.com does not offer alterations. However, all stores offer free alterations on full priced tailored items and unfinished pant bottoms. There is a fee required for all tailored items that are on sale and anything ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is limited to the following: coats - sleeves; pant bottoms - plain/cuff; and skirts/dresses - hem, sleeves and straps. For more information regarding our alteration services, contact your nearest store.Is Dillard's affiliated with any other retail companies?We are not affiliated with any other retailers and all of our store locations do business as Dillard's. We have acquired several other retail chains over the years, but all of them are now Dillard's stores.What is Dillard's Stock Symbol?Dillard's stock is traded over the New York Stock Exchange. The ticker symbol is DDS.What is the address and phone number of the corporate office?Our corporate offices are located in Little Rock, Arkansas.Corporate Headquarters Address:  1600 Cantrell Road  Little Rock, AR 72201Mailing Address:   Post Office Box 486   Little Rock, AR 72203Phone Number:   (501)376-5200How can I find out about Career Opportunities with Dillard's?Dillard's Stores, Distribution Centers, Buying Offices, and the Corporate Headquarters post their job openings on the Dillard's Career web site (careers.dillards.com). You can click on Dillard's Careers at the bottom of any page to view our openings or visit any store and complete an application. You must be at least 18 years of age to apply. We are an EEOC employer.General InformationWhat if I have a question or need information?If you have a question or need information not included in our Frequently Asked Questions, you can email us at questions@dillards.com. We try to answer all inquiries within 24 hours.How can I learn more about accessibility on Dillards.com?Dillard's desires to provide a positive customer experience for all of our customers, and we aim to promote accessibility and inclusion. For more information on our ongoing accessibility efforts, please review our accessibility statement.What if I am allergic to fragrance strips in catalogs and statement enclosures?Send an email to questions@dillards.com letting us know that you do not wish to receive the fragrance strips. Our Marketing Department will remove them for you.Do you participate in state tax holidays?We post a banner at the top of the page when there is a sales tax holiday in your area. Sales tax discount will be reflected on emailed receipt. For any additional questions, please visit your state's tax website.Product RecallsYou can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls.Cutlery from Herobility (Eco Feeding Spoon, Eco Baby Spoon and Fork) Recall PosterRegistry Frequently Asked QuestionsWhy register with Dillard’s?It's a great gift to give your wedding guests! It eliminates the guesswork and worry for the ones you love. It assures your family and friends they are giving you a gift you'll cherish.What items should we include on our registry?Register for items that you want and need based on your lifestyle. Think about adding items that you will use not just now, but years from now. Use our wedding registry checklist to make sure you have checked off all the essentials.Is it best to stay within a particular price range for requested items?Register for items in every price range. The budgets of your guests will vary and you want everyone to have multiple options. Don’t forget to register for a few items you can receive from a group.If we register online, can we update our registry in store?Yes, just let an associate in the home department know you would like to update your registry.If we registered in store, can we update online?Yes! You can add and delete items on your registry on Dillards.com by logging in to your registry. If you need help logging in, please contact 1-800-DILLARD.How long will our registry be available?Your registry will be available for 18 months after your event date. Please be sure to update your mailing/shipping address if there are any changes during this time.Do you have a Registry Completion program?Yes! Our completion program allows you to purchase most of the remaining items on your registry at 20% off the regular everyday low price. Offer available in store only, contact a store associate for details.What about Shipping & Delivery?Every registry must have a delivery friendly address within the United States. Extra shipping charges apply on gifts sent to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories. Please update your shipping address before and after your events so gifts will be delivered right where you want them. Dillard's uses USPS and FedEx, determined by the service offered in your 'ship-to' area and the method of delivery (standard or expedited) the customer selects.Many dinnerware and stemware patterns are stocked in our Distribution Center. After the order is processed, on hand items should be delivered within 7 to 10 working days while other items will be ordered from the manufacturer. Your registry will indicate items that will be ordered from the manufacturer.Keep in mind that many of the fine products you register for are handmade and can take from 12 to 16 weeks to receive. Many of the specialty items are only made once or twice a year. You will receive a gift announcement card in the mail with shipping status when manufacturer ordered items have been purchased for you.Guests may order multiple items that we "split" and ship separately from different locations with part of the merchandise to follow at a later date. Save the paperwork that comes with your deliveries and check it against your Gift Announcement cards or emails. Your saved paperwork will help us answer any questions you might have.What is Dillard’s Exchange Policy?After your wedding day contact a Dillard's store within 30 days to make exchanges. It's a good idea to make an appointment so we can provide you with the best possible service. When you arrive, let us know if you need assistance with heavy or multiple items.Dillard's does NOT refund cash for registry returns. It is our policy to refund cash ONLY if the customer has a Dillard's cash receipt. If you have a store credit left after your exchanges, we will issue the amount on a Dillard's Gift Card for you to use to purchase merchandise in any Dillard's store or online. A Registry Gift Card cannot be used as a payment or applied to your Dillard's account or any other charge account.Proof of purchase or POP labels accompany every item sold to help us track sales, returns and exchanges. Items purchased in store have the yellow label physically attached. Items sent from our distribution centers have the POP information on the packing insert. Leave the POP label on or with the item until you complete all exchanges. Identification may be required to facilitate some exchanges.If you have any questions or need assistance with a damaged item call 1-800-DILLARD. Please keep any shipping and packing information to help with replacements.Where can I find my Gift Purchase History?Your Gift Purchase History is located in your Online Management Center. It includes a list of the items purchased through your registry, the date of purchase, and in most cases the name of the purchaser. Use your Gift Purchase History to manage those all-important Thank You notes Viewing is completely optional. Purchased items are updated to this list daily. You may prefer to access your Gift Purchase History only after all gifts are opened.Do I have to add gift cards to my registry?It's not necessary to add gift cards to your registry; we've done it for you!Do I need a Dillards.com account for my registry?A Dillards.com account must be created before creating or managing your registry.International Sales FAQDillard's offers international shopping through our partnership with global e-commerce provider Borderfree. By placing an international order, you acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree. Your customer service needs will be handled directly by Dillard's.Borderfree allows local currency prices to be visible throughout Dillards.com and displays your final total (including customs tariffs, taxes and shipping fees) during checkout. Borderfree also enables Dillard's to take advantage of a shipping network that delivers packages quickly and reliably to global customers.Product RecallsYou can visit the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) at www.cpsc.gov for more information on recalls.KitchenAid 1.7 Liter Electric Kettle Recall Poster Payment MethodsWe accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, SafetyPay, Interac Online, POLi, and Paypal® for international orders. Payment options may vary based on the selected currency and country. Proceed to checkout to view all payment options. Your credit card will be billed by Borderfree when your package is shipped to its final international destination. 'Dillards inc' will appear on your credit card statement.Shipping Options & ChargesInternational shipping costs are calculated based on a number of factors, including the chosen service level (Standard/Express), the number of purchased items, the weight of the items and the destination country postal code. During checkout, international shipping costs will be calculated and guaranteed by Borderfree based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.International customers may ship to multiple addresses by placing a separate order for each shipping address. We cannot ship single international orders to multiple addresses at this time.Shipping TimelineMost in-stock items will arrive 6 -16 business days after receipt of your order. A shipping timeline specific to your destination can be viewed in checkout.Please note items purchased on January 1st may be delayed. Shipping windows are estimates and delivery dates cannot be guaranteed.Certain items in our catalog may be unavailable for international shippingSome items, including hazardous materials, furs and exotic leathers, may not be available for international shipment. Beauty items may be considered hazardous materials due to their alcohol content.How to OrderSelect the International Country Flag at the bottom of any page and choose your shipping destination and preferred currency. All Dillard's prices will automatically be converted into your chosen currency.Shop Dillards.com as you normally would. When you proceed to checkout, your secure transaction will be completed with Borderfree. Borderfree will calculate and display a guaranteed order total, including all shipping costs and any applicable duties and taxes.Once your transaction is complete, Dillard's will ship your item to the Borderfree shipping hub in the United States. Borderfree then ships your order to its final, international destination.You may ship to a specific country but pay with a different country's currency. If you don't see your country listed, we are not currently able to ship to that destination.If you are shipping to a U.S. or an APO/FPO address, simply proceed through the domestic site.I live in the United States. Can I use Borderfree to ship an order internationally but pay in U.S. Dollars (USD)?Yes, Borderfree supports international gift giving. You will receive a guaranteed order total for your internationally shipped items, but pay in USD using a U.S. credit card. This also works if you're an American traveling or living abroad.How much does international shipping cost?International shipping is calculated based on a number of factors including the desired shipping speed, the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items and the destination country. International shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during the Borderfree global checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.How can I track my international order?You can track the progress of your international package(s) here: Track International Orders.Who should I contact if I have questions relating to my order after I have made a purchase?Please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482 and Dillard's will gladly assist you with any questions related to your international order. Dillard's Call Center Hours are: Monday through Saturday 7AM to 10PM (GMT-6), Sunday 9AM to 7PM (GMT-6).How much duty and taxes are charged on international orders?Duty (or customs tariffs) is set by the destination country customs authorities and is determined based on a combination of the country of origin (manufacturing) of the goods being purchased and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that Borderfree supports. Value Added Tax (VAT) rates are set by the destination country. You will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/VAT for your order within the Borderfree global checkout.Can I purchase or redeem international gift cards?Unfortunately, we do not currently support the sale of gift cards to international customers or the redemption of gift cards for internationally shipped orders.What is your return policy for international orders?If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us at internationalsales@dillards.com or 817-831-5482, and we will provide you with further instructions on where returns should be shipped and the amount you will be refunded. Refund amounts for returned items will be credited to you by our partner Borderfree in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order.Returns must be made within 45 days of purchase. No refunds are given on shipping and handling charges. Personalized items and clearance items marked down 65% or more cannot be returned. Unfortunately, items purchased for international shipping may not be exchanged.Company Notices & Terms of UseDillard's Terms of Use
General Terms. This website (www.dillards.com, or the “Site”) is owned and operated by Dillard’s, Inc. (“Dillard’s”). Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Dillard’s and all affiliates and subsidiaries. Dillard’s offers this Site, including all information, tools, and services available from this Site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.1.1
By Use, You Consent to these Terms. By visiting or shopping on this Site, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”). The Terms include additional terms, conditions, and policies referenced in this document or available by hyperlink. The Terms apply to all users of the Site, including users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, or contributors of content.Please read these Terms carefully before visiting, shopping on, or otherwise using our Site. By using any part of the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without modification of any kind. If you do not agree to any and all of our Terms of Use as set forth below, then you may not use the Site or any Service.This Site is intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard’s.The headings are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.1.2
No Unauthorized Use. You may not amend, copy, distribute, send, display, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or sources from this Site without our advance written permission. No rights or interests in any downloaded materials are transferred to you as a result of your downloading, copying, or printing any such materials1.3
Updates to the Terms and the Site. Dillard’s reserves the right to update, delete, replace, or otherwise change all or any part of these Terms of Use by posting such changes to the Site, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site at any time. Any modifications to this Site will also be subject to these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to review the changes. Your continued use of or visit to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to:1.4
No Illegal Use. You may not use this Site or our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).1.5
Consequence of Breach. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your access to this Site and your right to utilize the Services. We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.1.6
COPPA Compliance. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard’s does not promote online to children and does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use a parent’s email address in order to receive email updates.  Privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy which also relates to your use of the Services, to understand our privacy practices.  Online Store Terms.3.1   Product Displays and Descriptions. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All descriptions of products are subject to change at any time without notice, in our sole discretion.3.2   Pricing. Dillard’s is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the prices on this Site will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Prices shown on this Site expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.3.3   Tax. Dillard’s operates in various states throughout the United States. Sales tax will be applied to your order, based on the order’s “ship-to” address, in accordance with the laws in that jurisdiction. Some states also require us to apply tax on delivery or gift wrap charges. All applicable taxes will be clearly displayed on your order at order completion time. Tax rates are subject to change at any time.3.4   Orders. Before you submit your order, you will be given the opportunity to review your selections, check the total price of your order, and correct any input errors. All information on the Site is an invitation only and is not an offer or unilateral contract. Your order represents an offer by you to purchase the selected merchandise.(a)   We will acknowledge receipt of your order without delay by sending an electronic confirmation or email. Please note, however, that such confirmation or email does not constitute acceptance of your order. No contract with respect of any of our merchandise exists between you and us until your order has been expressly accepted by us. If we do not accept your offer and funds have already been deducted from your account, the funds will be fully refunded.(b)   All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail or text message that confirms that the merchandise has been shipped (the “Shipment Confirmation”). A contract for the purchase of a product between you and us (a “Contract”) will only be formed once we send you the Shipment Confirmation. The Contract will relate only to the products that have been shipped as confirmed by the Shipment Confirmation. We will not be bound to supply any other product which may have been part of your order until the shipment of such product has been confirmed in a separate email or text message.3.5
Limitations and Refusals of Orders. We reserve the right from time to time to limit the sales of our merchandise or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any merchandise or services that we offer. We reserve the right to discontinue any merchandise at any time. Any offer for any merchandise or service made on this Site is void where prohibited by applicable law.We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per credit or debit card, per household, or per order. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.3.6   Availability. Certain products or services may be available only at certain stores or exclusively online through the Site. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Online Return Policy described in Section 4.2. Occasionally, orders for an item exceeding our supply are received. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be notified and your credit/debit card or PayPal® account, as applicable, will not be charged.3.7   Payment. Your credit/debit card or PayPal® account will be charged at the time the order is placed. To place an order you must confirm to us the name that appears on the card or account to be charged, the card or account number, the expiry date of the card, and the card security code. We will use our best efforts to keep all credit/debit card or account information strictly confidential. We will never intentionally share such information without your express permission.Please note that the billing address for your account must be the exact same address as the one registered for the credit or debit card you use for payment, as some banks use AVS (Address Verification System).If any sum due from you cannot be charged to your card or account for any reason (including due to a “stop payment” request or refusal by the issuer of the card), the sale will be cancelled immediately.Dillards.com offers Installments by Afterpay. For details, please reference the frequently asked questions below.What is Installments by Afterpay? Installments by Afterpay is a service that allows you to make purchases now and pay for them in four payments made every 2 weeks without any interest.How do I use Installments by Afterpay? Simply shop online and add items to your shopping bag and checkout as normal. At the checkout choose Installments by Afterpay as your payment method. First-time customers will need to register with Afterpay and provide payment details, and returning customers simply log in to make their purchase. It’s that easy!Please note that all items in your shopping bag must be eligible for Installments by Afterpay. A minimum purchase amount may apply and you must meet additional eligibility requirements to qualify.Where can I use Installments by Afterpay? Installments by Afterpay can only be applied to purchases made on Dillards.com.Can I use Installments by Afterpay if I’m an international customer? Afterpay is only offered to our customers who have a US billing address, US shipping address, a US Visa or Mastercard or American Express (credit or debit card), and a US mobile phone number. Customers with international billing addresses, shipping addresses, and/or phone numbers will not be able to set up an account with Afterpay.How does the payment schedule work? All customers are required to make their first payment at the time of purchase, with the remaining three payments deducted every two weeks from your chosen payment method. If you choose to make additional payments before your scheduled pay dates, you may do so through your Afterpay account.You can log in to your Afterpay account to view your payment schedule and make a payment before the due date if you choose to do so.Where can I find common questions about payments? Check out the
Afterpay Payments FAQ.When will my items be delivered if I use Installments by Afterpay? Afterpay orders are delivered as per our standard shipping time frame after you complete your order online.Visit our
shipping page for more information.Is there a limit to how much I can spend on a single transaction? Yes, transaction value limits apply to purchases made on Dillards.com using Installments by Afterpay.What products are not eligible for purchase using Installments by Afterpay? Afterpay is not available on purchases of gift cards. If you are purchasing gift cards along with Afterpay eligible products, you will need to place two separate orders.How do I return or exchange an item purchased using Installments by Afterpay? If you have changed your mind, you can return your Afterpay purchase in-store or by mail for a refund. Please check that your return or exchange meets our
return policy. Please do not return your purchase to Afterpay.Note: Merchandise purchased using Afterpay and returned will be issued a Dillard's gift card for the purchase price.If you believe there is fault or concern with your Afterpay purchase payment, please contact Afterpay customer support at info@afterpay.comWhat if I can’t pay an Afterpay installment? If funds are not available or you otherwise do not make your payment when it is due, late fees may apply. Click
here for complete terms.Where can I find out more about Afterpay? If you would like to know more about Afterpay, visit the Afterpay website
www.afterpay.com for a comprehensive list of
FAQs, terms,
purchase payment agreement, as well as Afterpay’s Privacy Policy which can be found at
https;//www.afterpay.com/privacy.policy.If you have any questions about your Afterpay account, please contact Afterpay directly via a web form found
here.3.8   Delivery.(a)
Carriers. Our shipping service providers are FedEx and USPS. We choose the carrier based upon the service available for your ship-to location and the method of delivery (e.g. standard, expedited or next business day) you select.(b)
Processing Times. Delivery times do not include processing time. Processing time for in stock items is approximately two business days. If the merchandise is not in stock, you will receive an email notification regarding any related delays.(c)
Delivery Times. Standard delivery time is two to five business days after shipping. Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service ordered prior to 12:00 pm Central time on Monday through Friday are shipped the same day. Orders requesting Expedited or Next Business Day service ordered on Monday through Friday after 12:00 pm Central time, or on Saturday, Sunday, or a holiday will be shipped the following business day. You can expect delivery in two business days for Expedited service and one business day for Next Business Day service after shipping. Expedited shipping and Next Business Day shipping are not available for P.O. Box, APO/FPO addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, or U.S. Territories.Please allow two to eight weeks for delivery to APO/FPO addresses. Please note that due to restrictions at APO/FPO postal facilities, we are unable to ship over sized or heavy items to APO/FPO addresses.(d)
Notifications. When your order ships, we will send you an email notification that includes the name of the carrier and a tracking number. We will also send an email notification when your purchase has been delivered.(e)
Shipping Fees. Shipping fees are calculated for each address and are based on the order amount being shipped to that address.1.   Standard Shipping Fees. The following fees will apply to your order, as applicable:CONTINENTAL U.S.Merchandise TotalStandardExpeditedNext Business DayUp to $149.99$9.95$20$30$150 and UpFree$20$30$99 and UpUsing a Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American ExpressFree$20$30CONTINENTAL U.S.-P.O.BOX/ APO/ FPOMerchandise TotalStandardExpeditedNext Business DayUp to $149.99$9.95Not AvailableNot Available$150 and UpFreeNot AvailableNot Available$99 and UpUsing a Dillard's Credit Card or Dillard's American ExpressFreeNot AvailableNot AvailableALASKA, HAWAII, U.S. TERRITORIESStandardExpeditedNext Business Day$25Not AvailableNot Available2.
Free Shipping. Free Standard shipping on orders with merchandise totaling $150 and over is available if the order is placed on a non-additional clearance sale day. Customers paying with a Dillard’s Credit Card or Dillard’s American Express Card will receive free shipping on orders with merchandise totaling $99 and over for orders placed on any day, including additional clearance sale days.3.
Additional Shipping Fees. Items that are very large or fragile, including without limitation certain electronic items, may include an additional shipping charge.4.
Gift Card Shipping Fees. Gift cards are shipped via U.S. Mail at no charge for Standard delivery. There is an $8.50 charge for Expedited service and a $20.00 charge for Next Business Day service.(f)
Multiple Shipments. Items in a multi-item order may be shipped separately and from different locations.(g)
Shipping Restrictions. Dillard’s does not ship fragrances, aerosols, and alcohol-based merchandise via Expedited service, Next Business Day service or to P.O. boxes, military facilities, or outside the continental United States. Please select Standard delivery service for the shipment of these items.   Returns and Exchanges. We trust you will be satisfied with your Dillard’s purchase. However, should you decide the merchandise is not satisfactory, Dillard’s return and exchange policies are set forth below.4.1
In-Store Return Policy.(a)
Restrictions. The following items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable: (1) clearance merchandise marked down 65% or more; (2) merchandise on sale with an additional discount, e.g. items marked down 25% plus an additional 30-50% discount for a limited time; and (3) personalized merchandise. The foregoing limitations on returns and exchanges does not apply to merchandise that is damaged, defective or shipped in error.(b)
Requirements. With respect to a returnable item purchased in our stores, Dillard’s will issue a refund for the item at any Dillard’s store if each of the following conditions has been met: (1) no more than 30 calendar days have passed from the date of purchase (unless the face of the receipt or a notice at point of sale indicates that a longer return period is available); (2) the merchandise is in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer’s defect; (3) the merchandise is accompanied by either the original Dillard’s receipt or the original Dillard’s proof of purchase label; and (4) all merchandise tags remain attached. Dillard's does not issue Price Adjustments.(c)
Refunds for Returned Merchandise. For all eligible returns, Dillard’s will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or a Dillard’s merchandise credit, at the customer’s choice. Refunds for check purchases will have a ten (10) day waiting period before a cash or check refund is issued.(d)
Gift Returns. If you wish to return merchandise purchased in a Dillard’s store that you received as a gift, you may return it to any Dillard’s store in exchange for a Dillard’s gift card or merchandise credit.4.2   Online Return Policy.(a)
Restrictions.The following items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable: (1) clearance merchandise marked down 65% or more; (2) merchandise on sale with an additional discount, e.g. items marked down 25% plus an additional 30-50% discount for a limited time; and (3) personalized merchandise. The foregoing limitations on returns and exchanges does not apply to merchandise that is damaged, defective or shipped in error. (b)
Requirements. With respect to returnable items purchased on this Site, Dillard’s will issue a refund for the item if each of the following conditions are met: (1) no more than 30 calendar days have passed from the date of purchase, (unless the face of the packing slip or the item’s product page indicates that a longer return period is available); (2) the merchandise is in its original, unused condition unless there is a manufacturer’s defect; (3) the merchandise is accompanied by either the original Dillard’s receipt or the original Dillard’s Proof of Purchase Label, which information is included on the packing slip for all Dillard’s direct orders; (4) if the merchandise is footwear, it must be accompanied by its original box; and (5)all merchandise tags remain attached.(c)
Instructions for Online Returns.1. &nbspWe recommend that you insure the package and ship via a traceable method.2. &nbspRe-pack the merchandise along with your receipt. You may use the original box.3. &nbspAffix a return label to the box. Be sure to cover or remove any previous labels. Dillard’s offers a return label you can print from your computer and attach to the return package
(click here to Print a Return Label). You will be charged $9.95 for use of this return label. If you choose to ship without using the Dillard’s return label, please return the merchandise to the following address:   Dillard's   600 Carnahan Drive   Maumelle, AR 721134. &nbspIf using the Dillard’s return label, drop your return at any USPS (U.S. Mail) location. Otherwise, please take your package to the carrier of your choice, in which case you will be responsible to pay for all applicable shipping fees.Note – merchandise purchased using Afterpay and returned will be issued a Dillard's gift card for the purchase price.(d)
Refunds for Returned Merchandise. Your refund should process within 7-10 business days after shipment. No refunds are given on shipping and handling charges. Dillard’s will issue a refund in the form and amount of the original tender paid (including sales tax) or a Dillard’s gift card or merchandise credit, at the customer’s choice.(e)
Gift Returns. If you wish to return merchandise purchased online that you received as a gift, you may mail the merchandise back to us in accordance with the instructions above or return it to any Dillard’s store in exchange for a Dillard’s gift card or merchandise credit. You will be responsible for any related shipping fees.4.3   Exchanges. If you exchange eligible merchandise, your account will be credited for the return and a sale rung for the new merchandise. If you wish to exchange eligible merchandise purchased online, you may return it to a Dillard’s store or ship back to Dillard’s in accordance with the instructions in Section 4.2(b). You will be responsible for any related shipping fees   Billing and Account Information. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made on this Site. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and debit or credit card numbers.   Changes to the Site. Occasionally there may be information on our Site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to merchandise descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, merchandise shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).We undertake no obligation to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by applicable law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website has been modified or updated.  Intellectual Property. All content of this Site, including, but not limited to, artwork, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, text, video, audio clips, logos, and designs are the sole and exclusive intellectual property of Dillard’s or third parties who have licensed the materials to us. All content is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries, including without limitation laws that restrict the copy, distribution, publishing, or transmission of such content. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal and no portion of this Site may be copied, distributed, published, or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard’s.Users of this Site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard’s, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.All of this Site’s content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard’s, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.  Third-Party Content. Certain content, merchandise and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this Site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us, and once you click such links, you are leaving this Site. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of information provided by these third-party sites and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or sites. We do not endorse these sites or the materials, products, or services of third-parties and hereby disclaim any warranty as to the content of any third-party site linked to this Site.We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party sites. Please exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any such site and carefully review the third-party’s terms of use before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the appropriate third-party and not Dillard’s.  Supply Chain Transparency. For information on Dillard’s efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains, please review our Supply Chain Transparency Policy.  User Comments, Feedback and other Submissions.If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or, without a request from us, you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, texts, music, sounds, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “Comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any Comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any Comments. By submitting Comments and materials to this Site, you hereby automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such Comments and materials has expressly granted to us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive license to (a) use, modify, license, sell, reproduce, adopt, publish, translate and distribute any or all of such Comments and materials worldwide, and (b) to incorporate such Comments and materials in other works in any form, media or technology now or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such materials without any obligation to further notify you of such use or to compensate you or any third party.We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion is unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or that is otherwise objectionable or which content violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service, this Site, or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than you, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments posted by you or any third-party.  Prohibited Uses of the Site. In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the Site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of these prohibited uses.  Disclaimer of Warranties.The material contained on this Site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either express or implied. Dillard’s will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this Site’s content. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the information on this Site is at your own risk.You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and service delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.  Limitation of Liability.In no case shall Dillard’s or our directors, officers, employees, partners, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors or licensors (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of this possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  Delay or Failure to Perform. We will not be liable to you if we are prevented or delayed in the performance of any of our obligations to you if due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation: an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action, or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure of our supplier(s); or your failure to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of addressWe will use reasonable efforts to inform you of any such unforeseen event within seven days of its occurrence. Should the interruption continue beyond a period of 14 days after notice to you, you will be entitled to cancel the order and a refund will be made in accordance with these Terms of Use.  Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dillard’s and the other Indemnified Parties harmless from any injury, from any loss, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.  Dispute Resolution, Arbitration Agreement, Class Action Waiver.This section limits certain rights—including the right to maintain a court action, the right to a jury trial, the right to participate in any form of class or representative claim, the right to statutorily imposed limitations periods, the right to engage in discovery except as provided in applicable American Arbitration Association rules, the right to certain remedies and forms of relief, and the right to court review of any award—that may not be available in arbitration.To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute or claim arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of Use, your visit to the Site, or to any purchase, return or other transaction with Dillard’s (including claims relating to Dillard’s advertisements and disclosures, email and mobile SMS messages sent by Dillard’s, or Dillard’s collection or use of your information) (“Dispute”) shall be resolved through binding arbitration, rather than in court. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to these Terms. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms as a court would. The arbitrator’s award is binding and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. In lieu of arbitration, either you or Dillard’s may assert individual claims in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply.Any party who intends to seek arbitration must first provide to the other party a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”), describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and the specific relief sought, and including any supporting documentation. The Notice must be mailed via certified or registered mail to Dillard’s as set forth in section 17 below, or to you at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile. If we are unable to reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, either party may commence arbitration.Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), adr.org, 1.800.778.7879, and pursuant to the then applicable AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, in person in the county where you live, or at another mutually agreed location To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Dillard’s agree that any Dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, collective, or representative action. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you further agree that you will not be a member of any putative or actual class in a class action brought by anyone else, nor will you seek to become a class representative. If any portion of this paragraph is found to be void or unenforceable as to a particular claim, then that claim (and only that claim) shall be resolved in federal court rather than in arbitration; if there is no federal jurisdiction, the case shall be resolved in Arkansas state court.This section will survive after the Terms of Use terminate or your use of the Site ends. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Site must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or be barred forever. Notwithstanding the other provisions in this section, if Dillard’s has a reasonable basis to believe that you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate any of Dillard’s intellectual property rights, Dillard’s may bring suit in any state or federal court in the state of Arkansas, rather than through arbitration. You agree that you will submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the state of Arkansas.  Contact. Inquiries regarding these Terms of Use may be directed to:   Dillard's, Inc.   Attn: Legal Dept.   1600 Cantrell Road   Little Rock, AR 72201  Severability. In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms.  Termination. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination of these Terms of Use date shall survive the termination of these Terms of Use for all purposes. These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our Site, whichever occurs first.If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and accordingly we may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).  Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use, including the documents referenced herein and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this Site or in respect to the Service, contain the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of our Site and the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use). These Terms of Use will be binding upon each party and its successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. No agency, partnership, joint venture, and/or employer/employee relationship is intended or created by these Terms. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party  Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas.   Dillard’s American Express® Card. The Dillard’s American Express® Card is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. This credit card program is issued and administered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., pursuant to a license from American Express. American Express is a federally registered service mark of American Express.California Transparency in Supply Chains ActDillard's California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010The following describes Dillard’s, Inc.’s (“Dillard’s”) efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard’s:Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy;Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard’s to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details;Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard’s requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard’s was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws;Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details; andProvides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery and risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Company Notices & Terms of UseDillard's Terms of Use
General Terms. This website (www.dillards.com, or the “Site”) is owned and operated by Dillard’s, Inc. (“Dillard’s”). Throughout the Site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Dillard’s and all affiliates and subsidiaries. Dillard’s offers this Site, including all information, tools, and services available from this Site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.1.1
By Use, You Consent to these Terms. By visiting or shopping on this Site, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”). The Terms include additional terms, conditions, and policies referenced in this document or available by hyperlink. The Terms apply to all users of the Site, including users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, or contributors of content.Please read these Terms carefully before visiting, shopping on, or otherwise using our Site. By using any part of the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without modification of any kind. If you do not agree to any and all of our Terms of Use as set forth below, then you may not use the Site or any Service.This Site is intended for U.S. residents. Any deliveries requested for addresses outside the U.S. are subject to refusal by Dillard’s.The headings are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.1.2
No Unauthorized Use. You may not amend, copy, distribute, send, display, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products, or sources from this Site without our advance written permission. No rights or interests in any downloaded materials are transferred to you as a result of your downloading, copying, or printing any such materials1.3
Updates to the Terms and the Site. Dillard’s reserves the right to update, delete, replace, or otherwise change all or any part of these Terms of Use by posting such changes to the Site, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Site at any time. Any modifications to this Site will also be subject to these Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time to review the changes. Your continued use of or visit to the Site following the posting of any changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.Any questions regarding these legal notices may be directed to:1.4
No Illegal Use. You may not use this Site or our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).1.5
Consequence of Breach. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your access to this Site and your right to utilize the Services. We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time.1.6
COPPA Compliance. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, Dillard’s does not promote online to children and does not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Site without prior verifiable parental consent. Children under the age of 13 must be signed up by their parents and use a parent’s email address in order to receive email updates.  Privacy. Please review our Privacy Policy which also relates to your use of the Services, to understand our privacy practices.  Online Store Terms.3.1   Product Displays and Descriptions. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All descriptions of products are subject to change at any time without notice, in our sole discretion.3.2   Pricing. Dillard’s is committed to offering quality merchandise at fair, competitive prices. In most cases, the prices on this Site will reflect store prices. However, there may be some exceptions. Prices shown on this Site expire at midnight Central time on the date displayed for the item. Prices and sales are subject to change without notice.3.3
Limitations and Refusals of Orders. We reserve the right from time to time to limit the sales of our merchandise or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any merchandise or services that we offer. We reserve the right to discontinue any merchandise at any time. Any offer for any merchandise or service made on this Site is void where prohibited by applicable law.We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per credit or debit card, per household, or per order. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers, or distributors.   Changes to the Site. Occasionally there may be information on our Site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to merchandise descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, merchandise shipping charges, transit times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).We undertake no obligation to update, amend, or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by applicable law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service, on the Site, or on any related website has been modified or updated.  Intellectual Property. All content of this Site, including, but not limited to, artwork, graphics, images, illustrations, photographs, text, video, audio clips, logos, and designs are the sole and exclusive intellectual property of Dillard’s or third parties who have licensed the materials to us. All content is protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other intellectual property laws of the United States and other countries, including without limitation laws that restrict the copy, distribution, publishing, or transmission of such content. The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of a copyrighted work is illegal and no portion of this Site may be copied, distributed, published, or transmitted without the express written consent of Dillard’s.Users of this Site may download and print materials from this site for personal, non-commercial use related to placement of an order or shopping with Dillard’s, provided that any such copy must contain this notice.All of this Site’s content and supporting code are copyrighted by or licensed to Dillard’s, Inc. and all rights are reserved. All content copies, either electronic or printed, are for personal use only. The content and supporting code contained herein may not be used in any other manner unless express written permission is obtained in advance.  Third-Party Content. Certain content, merchandise and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this Site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us, and once you click such links, you are leaving this Site. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of information provided by these third-party sites and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or sites. We do not endorse these sites or the materials, products, or services of third-parties and hereby disclaim any warranty as to the content of any third-party site linked to this Site.We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party sites. Please exercise caution when communicating or interacting with any such site and carefully review the third-party’s terms of use before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the appropriate third-party and not Dillard’s.  Supply Chain Transparency. For information on Dillard’s efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains, please review our Supply Chain Transparency Policy.  User Comments, Feedback and other Submissions.If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or, without a request from us, you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, texts, music, sounds, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “Comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any Comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any Comments. By submitting Comments and materials to this Site, you hereby automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such Comments and materials has expressly granted to us a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and non-exclusive license to (a) use, modify, license, sell, reproduce, adopt, publish, translate and distribute any or all of such Comments and materials worldwide, and (b) to incorporate such Comments and materials in other works in any form, media or technology now or hereafter developed for the full term of any copyright that may exist in such materials without any obligation to further notify you of such use or to compensate you or any third party.We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion is unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or that is otherwise objectionable or which content violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service, this Site, or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than you, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments posted by you or any third-party.  Prohibited Uses of the Site. In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the Site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of these prohibited uses.  Disclaimer of Warranties.The material contained on this Site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either express or implied. Dillard’s will assume no, and hereby disclaims any, responsibility for any errors or omissions of this Site’s content. The material on this Site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete, or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the information on this Site is at your own risk.You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and service delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties, or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.  Limitation of Liability.In no case shall Dillard’s or our directors, officers, employees, partners, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers, subcontractors or licensors (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or relating to the use by any person of this Site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of this possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  Delay or Failure to Perform. We will not be liable to you if we are prevented or delayed in the performance of any of our obligations to you if due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation: an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action, or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure of our supplier(s); or your failure to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of addressWe will use reasonable efforts to inform you of any such unforeseen event within seven days of its occurrence. Should the interruption continue beyond a period of 14 days after notice to you, you will be entitled to cancel the order and a refund will be made in accordance with these Terms of Use.  Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Dillard’s and the other Indemnified Parties harmless from any injury, from any loss, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.  Dispute Resolution, Arbitration Agreement, Class Action Waiver.This section limits certain rights—including the right to maintain a court action, the right to a jury trial, the right to participate in any form of class or representative claim, the right to statutorily imposed limitations periods, the right to engage in discovery except as provided in applicable American Arbitration Association rules, the right to certain remedies and forms of relief, and the right to court review of any award—that may not be available in arbitration.To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute or claim arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of Use, your visit to the Site, or to any purchase, return or other transaction with Dillard’s (including claims relating to Dillard’s advertisements and disclosures, email and mobile SMS messages sent by Dillard’s, or Dillard’s collection or use of your information) (“Dispute”) shall be resolved through binding arbitration, rather than in court. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to these Terms. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Terms as a court would. The arbitrator’s award is binding and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. In lieu of arbitration, either you or Dillard’s may assert individual claims in small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply.Any party who intends to seek arbitration must first provide to the other party a written notice of the Dispute (“Notice”), describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and the specific relief sought, and including any supporting documentation. The Notice must be mailed via certified or registered mail to Dillard’s as set forth in section 17 below, or to you at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile. If we are unable to reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, either party may commence arbitration.Any arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), adr.org, 1.800.778.7879, and pursuant to the then applicable AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, in person in the county where you live, or at another mutually agreed location To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and Dillard’s agree that any Dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, collective, or representative action. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you further agree that you will not be a member of any putative or actual class in a class action brought by anyone else, nor will you seek to become a class representative. If any portion of this paragraph is found to be void or unenforceable as to a particular claim, then that claim (and only that claim) shall be resolved in federal court rather than in arbitration; if there is no federal jurisdiction, the case shall be resolved in Arkansas state court.This section will survive after the Terms of Use terminate or your use of the Site ends. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the Site must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises or be barred forever. Notwithstanding the other provisions in this section, if Dillard’s has a reasonable basis to believe that you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate any of Dillard’s intellectual property rights, Dillard’s may bring suit in any state or federal court in the state of Arkansas, rather than through arbitration. You agree that you will submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the state of Arkansas.  Contact. Inquiries regarding these Terms of Use may be directed to:   Dillard's, Inc.   Attn: Legal Dept.   1600 Cantrell Road   Little Rock, AR 72201  Severability. In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these Terms.  Termination. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination of these Terms of Use date shall survive the termination of these Terms of Use for all purposes. These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our Site, whichever occurs first.If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and accordingly we may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).  Entire Agreement. These Terms of Use, including the documents referenced herein and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this Site or in respect to the Service, contain the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of our Site and the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use). These Terms of Use will be binding upon each party and its successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay of any party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder. No agency, partnership, joint venture, and/or employer/employee relationship is intended or created by these Terms. Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party  Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Arkansas.California Transparency in Supply Chains ActDillard's California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Statement 2010The following describes Dillard’s, Inc.’s (“Dillard’s”) efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from its direct supply chains. Among other measures, Dillard’s:Engages in verification of product supply chains for products imported by Dillard's to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details. Dillard's utilizes third party inspectors to ensure compliance with Dillard's Social Accountability Policy;Conducts audits of suppliers of products imported by Dillard’s to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details;Requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy which is applicable to import vendors. Dillard’s requires all vendors, pursuant to its purchase order terms, to warrant, represent and agree that all merchandise shipped to Dillard’s was manufactured and produced in full compliance with any applicable current, or later adopted, laws of the country of manufacturer governing the use of child labor, illegal forced labor, illegal prison labor or similar illegal working conditions, as well as any other applicable human rights statutes, regulations and laws;Maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and human trafficking for imported products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details; andProvides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for import supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery and risks within the supply chains of products. See Dillard's Social Accountability Policy and Dillard's Social Accountability Report for details.Return to topSite MapTerms Of UseTerms Of UseDillard's Privacy PolicyDillard's Privacy PolicyCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains ActCareersInvestor RelationsPrices and sale offers may vary by store location, including Dillards.com, and are subject to change. © 2020 Dillard's