http://www.lumie.com/pages/privacy-notice
Privacy notice
Outside In (Cambridge) Ltd trading as LumieEffective May 2018
Introduction
This privacy notice applies to the personal data of consumers that is collected or used by Outside In (Cambridge) trading as Lumie. Lumie appreciates the interest you have shown in our company, products and services by visiting our website www.lumie.com or related communication channels, including, but not limited to, our social media pages and/or blog. This privacy notice applies to all the personal data that Lumie collects when you interact with Lumie, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Lumie products or services, when you subscribe to newsletters, when you contact Lumie Customer Care, and when you interact with Lumie as a business customer, supplier or business partner, etc.
This includes, without limitation, all online and offline collections of all types of personal data.
Use of your personal data
We ask you to share your personal data with us for purposes that are given below.
Buying Lumie products and services online.
Resolving consumer and/or product and services issues.
Receiving information about Lumie products and services.
Participating in Lumie online communities, including our social media channels/pages and blog.
Storing your preferences for future interactions and communications from Lumie.
Helping us to develop products and services and create campaigns that are designed around you, optimize customer services and continuously improve our websites.
Helping us to improve products and services, and allowing Lumie to keep you informed of, or involve you in the testing of, new products and services.
Receiving personalised messages, special offers and advertisements that are relevant to your personal interests, based on the information you have shared with us and on the information we have collected through cookies or similar techniques regarding your use of the Lumie websites/social media/blog. More information on how we use cookies, see our Cookie Notice.
To help Lumie meet its legal obligations as a medical device manufacturer.
The legal basis for Lumie processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following.
Your consent.
Performance of a contract with you or a relevant party.
Compliance with our legal obligations, including those applicable to the manufacture of medical devices.
Types of personal data we may collect
When you interact with Lumie, purchasing or returning a product or interacting with Lumie via our Lumie pages, e.g. "like us on Facebook", we may ask for or receive certain data, such as:
your name;
your email address;
your telephone number;
your social media profile;
your gender;
your age;
information about the products and services you have purchased;
your usage of and activities on our Lumie pages;
your interests;
other information related to your online behaviour; and
information about your experience of using Lumie products to treat your condition
Also, depending on the choices you have made regarding your settings on various social media sites, and your settings on our Lumie pages, certain personal data may be shared with Lumie about your online activities and social media profiles, e.g. interests, marital status, gender, user name, photo, comments you have posted, etc.
In addition, we may collect personal data via cookies or similar techniques, including, but not limited to:
your IP address;
your cookie ID;
your web browser;
your location;
the web pages you visit on our websites; and
the advertisements you've viewed or clicked through.
Ways we collect your personal data
You can share your personal data with Lumie in several ways, including, but not limited to:
your communications with Lumie. These can be product- or service-related, and may include the contents of your questions to us, or requests that you addressed to us;
communicating with a Lumie representative by email, phone or in writing;
ordering a product or service via the website, in person, by phone, fax or email;
participating in a promotion, game or competition;
participating in a social media activity related to a Lumie promotion, e.g. clicking "like" or "share";
asking to receive messages on your mobile phone/device;
subscribing to a Lumie newsletter;
voluntarily participating in product testing or surveys;
cookies placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit our websites;
social Listening: Lumie may search the Internet for relevant and publicly available content and use it to improve its products or services, resolve consumer issues and provide targeted marketing.
We encourage you to keep your personal settings and personal data complete and current.
Sharing your personal data with others
We will never sell your personal data and only share it as outlined below.
We may share personal information with service providers, business partners and other third parties we have retained to perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing, order fulfilment, customer support and data analytics). These service providers are contractually required to safeguard the information provided to them and are restricted from using or disclosing such information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
If we are required by law to obtain your consent, or otherwise believe that your consent is appropriate in the circumstances, we will obtain your consent before we share your personal data.
Lumie will disclose personal data only in conformance with this privacy notice and/or when required by law.
Sharing your personal data with Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.
Your rights
Once you have provided us with your personal data, you have the right to;
withdraw consent at any time;
object to direct marketing - you will also be provided with an opt-out opportunity in our commercial messages to you;
request that we update correct, amend, erase (be forgotten) or restrict your personal information.
To notify Lumie we refer you to the “How to contact us” section below where you can exercise your rights. You can also pose other privacy questions or file your privacy complaints. Please mark your communication “Personal Data Request”.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority if you are not satisfied with our response.
Data retention
We will store personal data for as long as it is needed for the purposes for which we obtained it, in accordance with the provisions of this privacy notice.
We may also be required to apply another legal reason (such as compliance to the Medical Device legislation) for keeping personal information, this may extend the retention period beyond that originally applied.
Your choices
We want to know you better so that we can serve you better while at the same time respecting your choices about how we use your personal data. To limit the communication you receive from us or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the “How to contact us” section of this privacy notice.
If you do not want us to send you personalised offers or information, you can let us know by selecting "opt-out" on emails you receive.
We will ask you to "opt-in" or affirmatively consent to the processing of your personal data for example, we will only send you newsletters if you have subscribed to them.
Your decision not to register now will not affect the personal data you have already provided to Lumie. Of course, you will always have the option to unsubscribe from any targeted communication from Lumie or change your personal profile information as described under "Your rights".
Do Not Track signals
Lumie takes privacy and security very seriously and strives to put our website users first in all aspects of our business. Lumie utilises cookies to help you to get the most out of the Lumie pages.
Please be aware that Lumie currently does not make use of a technical solution that would enable us to respond to your browser's Do Not Track signals. In order to manage your cookie preferences, however, you may alter the cookie settings in your browser settings at any time. You may either block or accept all cookies. If you do disable our cookies in your browser settings, you may find that certain sections of our website(s) will not work. For example, you may have difficulties logging in or making online purchases.
You can find further information on how to alter your cookie settings for the browser that you use from the following list:
Google Chrome   Firefox   Internet Explorer   Safari
Social media
When you participate in various social media forums like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc., you should be familiar with and understand the tools provided by those sites that allow you to make choices about how you share the personal data in your social media profile(s).
Lumie is bound by the privacy practices or policies of these third parties and this privacy notice, so we encourage you to read the applicable privacy notices, terms of use and related information about how your personal data is used in these social media environments.
Also, depending on the choices you have made regarding your settings on various social media sites (and/or in combination with your settings on the Lumie pages), certain personal data may be shared with Lumie about your online activities and social media profiles (e.g. interests, marital status, gender, user name, photo, comments and content you have posted/shared etc.).
Linking to other websites
During your online journey across Lumie websites, you may encounter links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from Lumie, and may have their own privacy notices, statements or policies. We strongly suggest that you review them to understand how your personal data may be processed in connection with those sites, as we are not responsible for the content of non-Lumie-owned or managed sites, or the use or privacy practices of those sites.
Cloud
Lumie may store your email communications in a cloud which is managed by a cloud service provider and could be stored in different locations around the world. Lumie makes use of contractual measures to protect your email communications on our cloud services providers, including requirements that your personal data be processed exclusively for the purposes mentioned above.
How we protect your personal data
We recognise and take seriously our responsibility to protect the personal data you entrust to Lumie from loss, misuse or unauthorised access. Lumie uses a variety of security technologies to help protect your personal data. For example, we implement access controls, use firewalls and secure servers, and we encrypt certain types of data, such as financial information and other sensitive data.
Special information for parents
While Lumie websites are not generally targeted at children under the age of 16, it is Lumie' policy to comply with the law when it requires parent or guardian permission before children's information is collected, used or disclosed.
Lumie strongly recommends that parents take an active role in supervising the online activities of their children. If you believe we have collected personal data from a person who is under the age of 16, please contact us as specified in the “How to contact us” section.  If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete the information from our records.
Business to Business Privacy Notice
This policy also applies where individuals are dealing with Lumie as a company representative of either business customers, suppliers or business partners. The following information may also apply.
Use of personal data
Personal data may be used for purposes that include, but are not limited to:
managing customer relationships;
facilitating information access;
enhancing communications;
analysing and understanding customer interactions;
implementing security programs;
helping Lumie participate in certification programs;
answering your questions or the resolution of your product and service requests as well as informing you about the status thereof;
presenting you with a satisfaction survey after your question is answered or the request is resolved.
Types of personal data we may collect
Personal data we collect may include:
your name;
your email address;
your telephone number;
your picture;
your IP address;
your business address;
name and address of the company you work for; and
personal details that may come up in the scope of the business relationship, e.g. your hobbies, age.
The legal basis for Lumie processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following:
your consent;
performance of a contract with you or a relevant party;
compliance with our legal obligations, including those applicable to the manufacture of medical devices.
Ways we collect your personal data
The following are ways in which Lumie may collect your personal data.
Provisions of services with Lumie
Communications with Lumie
Developing partnerships
Participating in fairs, events or promotions
Voluntarily participating in testing or surveys
Sharing your personal data with others
Lumie may disclose personal data available in reports and other materials provided by you and/or your company pursuant to an engagement with another business partner and/or a supplier.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Due to the way our business evolves Lumie reserves the right to change or add to this privacy notice from time to time. We encourage you to check back often to review the latest version.
The new privacy notice will be effective upon posting.
If you do not agree to the revised notice, you should alter your preferences, or consider stopping using the Lumie pages. By continuing to access or make use of our services after the changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy notice.
How to contact us
By email: info@lumie.com
By post:Lumie 3 The Links, Trafalgar Way Bar Hill Cambridge CB23 8UD UK
Get news from us
Join us for updates about special offers, our products, light therapy and
wellbeing
Sign Up
45-day trial FOR ALL LAMPS · Free UK Delivery on Orders Over £35