http://www.gallery-worldwide.com/privacy.html
my cart
wish list
search
Go to Catalog
Select Artwork
Privacy Policy
A Special Note About      Children
Information We Collect
Our Use of Your      Information
Our Disclosure of Your      Information
Your Use of Other Users'      Information
Control of Your Password
Accessing, Reviewing and      Changing Your Personal      Information
Copyright, Trademark, and      Standards Policies      Disclaimer
Applicable Law
Welcome to Gallery-Worldwide.com (referred to throughout this site as "GWW.com"). This website is provided by Internet Technology Architecture and Development LLC ("InterTAD") as a service to our customers.
Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site ("the User Agreement"). We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we will provide notice on this Web site regarding any changes to this policy. Please check back periodically!
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the GWW.com
User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on May 25th, 2018 for all users.
1. A Special Note About Children
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Site unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. We do not willingly gather, store or process information of persons under the age of 18. Persons under the age of 18 or their legal representatives can request removing of information they provided as described in Section 5.4.
2. Information We Collect
We can collect both personal and non-personal information when you using the Site. This information helps us to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience.
This information consists of:
Information that you choose to provide voluntarily when using the Site: Name, Phone, E-mail and other data specified below;
Information being gathered automatically: using cookies and third party services.
In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
If you choose to use our services, we require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site.
If you choose to buy or sell on the Site, we collect information about your buying and selling behavior including transactions. We do not collect the financial information.      In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, seller require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature that requires such information. This will not prohibit you from using and other service or feature provided by this Site that not require such information.
Such information, provided willingly, referred here and below as Buyer and Seller Information.
If you choose to use the Site, we reserve the right to collect information about your behavior and customers comments about you in our feedback area.
Such information, provided by other users referred here and below as Reputation Information.
Data that being collected automatically may include information about your use of the Site and its features. These data allows us to improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site.
Such information, gathered automatically or provided by third party services referred here and below as Usage Information.
3. Our Use of Your Information
We store and process your information on computers located in the United States that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of users' privacy as a very important community principle.
We use third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles.
You agree that Site may use information collected to:
authenticate you in order to use our service;
aggregate, compare and display your data along with data of other users in order to provide search and gallery features of th? Site;
contact you to deliver information regarding your use of the Site and its features;
improve marketing and promotional efforts;
analyze site usage, improve his content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services;
deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests.
As Buyer and Seller Information required to use certain features of the Site, it will be stored until your account termination or until you directly requesting its removal.
As GWW.com relates on user-initiated feedback system, Reputation Information regarding your account shall be stored until you directly requesting its removal.
Usage Information will be stored up to 1 year or until it can be used to improve Site, its features, performance or user experience.
3.1
Your Use of Other Users' Information
In order to facilitate interaction between all GWW.com community members, our Site allows you limited access other users' contact and shipping information. As a Seller you have access to the User ID, email address and other contact and shipping information of the buyer and as a buyer you have access to the User ID, email address and other contact information of the Seller.
By entering into our User Agreement, you agree that, with respect to other users' personal information that you obtain through the Site GWW.com hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: (a) GWW.com-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, (b) using services offered through GWW.com (e.g. escrow, insurance, shipping and fraud complaints), and (c) any other purpose that a user expressly agrees to after you tell them the purpose you would like to use it for. In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personal information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of that user. You agree that other users may use your personal information to communicate with you in accordance with this Section.
4. Our Disclosure of Your Information
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services.
Your User ID is displayed throughout the Site and is therefore available to the public. All of your activities on the Site will be identifiable to your User ID. Other people can see your items that you have purchased in the past, your feedback rating and associated comments, your postings on the Site, and so on. Therefore, if you associate your name with your User ID, the people you have revealed your name to will be able to personally identify your GWW.com activities. There is some possibility that others may illegally attempt to automatically collect your email address from the Site.
Limited information can be provided to the Buyer in order to:
allow Buyer to receive information about postings: images, texts or other information provided by other Buyer or Seller on the Site
allow Buyer to see items that other Buyers have purchased in the past;
encourage Buyer to adjust Seller feedback rating and make comments on Seller or Buyer activity;
allow Buyer to contact Seller regarding making the transaction.
Limited information can be provided to the Seller in order to:
encourage Seller to improve his content and product offerings;
allow Seller to contact Buyer regarding making the transaction;
allow Seller to contact Buyer with promotion and marketing purposes.
Limited information can be provided to the third parties in order to:
analyze site usage, improve its content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services.
Note that we do not receive, use nor store any information about your credit card or bank account, PayPal, Square, Clover or other Payment Processor data.
GWW.com will receive and store only the payment confirmation, payment amount and (in certain cases) identifier (pseudonym) used to display information about the payment to both Buyer and Seller..
Providing any data to the 3rd-party services not affiliated with GWW.com like PayPal, Square, Clover and QuickBooks being a subject of Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of that services and shall not creating any liability to the GWW.com.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications would always remain private.
5. Rights and Responsibilities
5.1
Control of Your Password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including fees charged to your account. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your GWW.com password to any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy.
If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change it as detailed in Section 5.2
5.2
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
We offer you the ability to automatically review and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Site and entering in the new information yourself.
Generally, we will not modify your personal information based on your request because it is very difficult to authenticate your account manually.
You can do it by yourself through your account.
If you being subject of California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA), you may request information regarding the types of information we share with 3rd-parties for marketing and other purposes, and the identities of the third parties with whom we have shared such information during the preceding calendar year.
To make an access request, please, contact our Data Protection Officer (Section 8).
If you being subject of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you might request access to the data you provided to us using Subject Access Request.
To make Subject Access Request, please, contact our Data Protection Officer (Section 8).
5.3 Notification preferences
Your usage of GWW.com services may require from us or Seller to deliver to you information about substantial changes of your account, transactions, Terms of Use or another important facts regarding your use of GWW.com.
This information can be personalized and adapted to your needs using data you have provided to GWW.com (see Section 2) and can be presented to you in form of targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site.
This information can either be displayed inside our application or be sent to you by email provided.
By accepting the Term of Use and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information.
If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications on the notification preferences page. You may make changes to your notification preferences at any time.
No charge will be taken for opt-in or opt-out of notifications.
5.4 Account Termination and Data Removal
Your account can be terminated and your data can be removed in case of:
direct, voluntary and clear request of you or your legal representative;
requirement of the law;
severe infringement of Terms of Use or another agreement with GWW.com you are legally binded to.
To request termination of your account or deletion of any data you have provided, please, contact our Data Protection Officer (Section 8).
6. Copyright, Trademark, and Standards Policies Disclaimer
This site contains copyrighted materials, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, and other proprietary information owned by GWW.com.
All content on this site, including text, graphics, icons, images, and software, is the property of GWW.com, except information and images supplied by seller. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource.
Any other use of materials on this site (including reproduction, modification or distribution) without the prior written consent of GWW.com is strictly prohibited.
Removing, obscuring or modifying any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices, marks or labels of items of this website or supplied by Seller on our website is strictly prohibited.
Preparing derivative works and reproduction of items supplied by Seller on our website is strictly prohibited and protected by copyrights law.
The reproduction of items supplied by seller on our website is strictly prohibited and protected by copyrights law.
GWW.com is a provider of space for shopping. GWW.com cannot and does not exercise editorial control over such content.
Neither GWW.com nor any of its
officers, directors, employees, or agents, or any third party content providers, merchants, sponsors, or licensors guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content, nor its merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. Under no circumstances shall GWW.com (or any of its
officers, directors, employees, or agents) be liable for any loss or damage caused by a user's reliance on information obtained through GWW.com. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available through GWW.com.
We reserve the right to remove any information alleged to be infringing or violating the law without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you, and/or to terminate your account if it is determined that you knowingly placed infringing content.
Under the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act, our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement appearing on the Service is:
Gallery-WorldWide.com
Attn: Copyright Officer
4125 Blackhawk Plaza Circle,
Danville, CA, USA
Fill Form and Send Email with mark: For Copyright Officer
7. Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by GWW.com in the State of California, USA, and the laws of the State of California will govern these disclaimers and orders placed with GWW.com, without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws. GWW.com reserves the right to make changes to our site, disclaimers, and policies at any time.
Additional data protection and privacy laws might be applicable in different countries and states.
If you are State of California resident, you might be a subject of California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA). Our Privacy Policy meant to be compliant with CalOPPA, in case you feel like its not, please, contact our Data Protection Officer (Section 8).
If you are citizen of country of European Economic Area or meet special requirements, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) might be applicable to you. Our Privacy Policy meant to be compliant with GDPR, in case you feel like its not, please, contact our Data Protection Officer (Section 8).
8. Data Protection Officer
Attr: Data Protection Officer
Phone #: +1 (408) 596-4835
Available: any day except Tuesday, Saturday and Wednesday after 2:00 pm PST
Fill Form and Send Email with mark: Data Protection Officer
Online Art Blog
Artists journal about new
auction results, art news,
interviews, personal essays, etc.
art-blog.agilityhoster.com
Art Community at Space
A group of people
having common interest
to art world
artcommunity.atspace.com
Art Path on Awardspace
Art Path on Awardspace
is a fee information service
service for anyone to look
artpath.awardspace.com
Project - Art Three
Art-3 is an art related,
multilingual, web-based,
encyclopedia online project
art-3.zxq.net
Art Research Project
An online service for easy
way to browse of all art
information from one place
artresearch.byethost9.com
| Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sell my Art Online
| Art Directory
Oil Painting | Landscape Art | Abstract Art | Fantasy Art | Fine Nude Art | Original Fine Art
- Gallery Portals
Website provided by InterTAD - Internet Technology Architecture and Development LLC
Copyright © 2003-2018. All rights reserved.