http://www.discountcell.com/legal.htm
1-800-422-1814    Current Coupon Code
Home
|
Help  |
Order Status  |
Guarantee |
Shipping Rates
Cell PhoneAccessories
Cellular M2MSolutions
MacBook & ChromebookAccessories
TabletAccessories
Terms and Conditions
All  DiscountCell items are priced in United States Dollars.
DiscountCell accepts Visa,
MasterCard, American Express and Discover/Novus Credit Cards. DiscountCell reserves
the right to require additional forms of identification prior to processing any order.
Failure
to provide requested information in a suitable and timely fashion will result in order
cancellation.
Sales Tax
Applicable sales tax will be charged to all items delivered to Utah
addresses. DiscountCell is not responsible for additional tariffs or
taxes that apply to items shipped to other states or outside the United States.
Acceptance of Orders
The receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of
an order or as a
confirmation of an offer to sell. DiscountCell reserves the right, without prior
notification, to limit the
order quantity on any item.  Discountcell reserves the right to cancel or
refuse any order.
Additional verification of information may be required
prior to the acceptance of any order.
Shipping Address Information
DiscountCell cannot accept change of shipping address requests after an order has
been
processed. DiscountCell reserves the right to refuse shipment to temporary addresses
(including hotel or motel guests) without prior payment in full by company check or money order.
DiscountCell reserves the right to ship only to the billing address on the credit card
regardless
of alternate shipping address provided.
Return Policy
All returned item for a refund must be in new, resalable condition.  A
refund will not be provided on items that are limited use such as screen guards,
full body guards and other similar products that are opened and show any sign of
use.
Discountcell offers a 30 day satisfaction guarantee on all accessories other than
Radar Detectors which have a 10 day guarantee and opened software products which
can only be exchanged for the same item.  Glass mount antennas and car kit
cannot be returned once installed.  All Returns must be submitted online.  After 30
days (10 days for Radar Detectors), the manufacturers warranty applies.  In the event
DiscountCell allows a return after 30 days (10 days for radar detectors), the return is limited to an exchange of the
item returned and the customer is responsible for shipping costs.  Returns
without an RA number are subject to refusal, scrap, or restocking fees at the
discretion of Discountcell.com.  The liability of
DiscountCell for losses or damages, arising out of any cause whatsoever, is limited to
full refund of the purchase price or at our option, repair or replacement of the
product(s).  If a replacement is shipped before we receive the defective item back at
our location, a charge for the amount of the replacment item(s) will be posted to the
credit card submitted for the original order.   Once the defective unit has been
returned, a credit will be posted to the card submitted as per our policies.
DiscountCell shall not be liable for any consequential or incidental damages. Some
States do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.  Shipping is not refundable.
Damaged Items/Short Shipments
Discountcell must be notified of items received damaged or of shipments missing
items listed as shipped within 1 business days of the receipt of the
shipment.  Notification can be either by alerting us to the problem over
the phone at 1-800-422-1814 or by sending an email to info@discountcell.com.
The receipt number and information related to the damaged or missing items must
be included in the notification.
Typographical Errors
DiscountCell is not responsible for typographical errors or omissions
relating to pricing, copy, photography, specifications, or application. In the
event of a pricing error DiscountCell will contact you via E-mail with the
corrected pricing information.  Orders with pricing errors will not be
honored.
Privacy
DiscountCell does not sell submitted information!  Information is used
solely for the purpose of filling orders.  DiscountCell does not send out e-mails
without the consent of the recepient.  E-mails may be sent to inform parties
regarding order status or problems.
Returned Checks and Chargebacks
Returned Checks and Chargebacks will result in additional fees as
applicable.  Chargebacks will result in an additional charge of $12.00 per
incident.  Returned Checks will result in an additional fee of $20.00 per
incident.  Additional fees may apply related to the collection of the debt
by the debt collection agency.
Applicable Law
If you access the Discountcell site from anywhere in the United States or
Canada, you agree that the laws of the State of Utah, USA, without regard to
principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any
dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Discountcell.com and/or its
Associates.
Disputes
If you access the Discountcell site from within the United States or Canada,
any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Discountcell site, to these
Terms and Conditions, to our Privacy and Security Policy, to our advertising or
solicitation practices or to products you purchase through the Discountcell site
shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA,
except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to
violate Discountcell.com's intellectual property rights, Discountcell.com may
seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the
State of Utah, USA and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such
courts.  Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules
then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association.  The arbitrator's award
shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent
jurisdiction.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration
under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party
subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or
otherwise.
Thanks!
We keep your device running with only authentic, top quality cell phone accessories.  Buy with confidence knowing every item we offer is covered by our satisfaction guarantee and the manufacturers warranty.
Apple Accessories  |
Audiovox Accessories
|  Blackberry Accessories  |
Boost Mobile Accessories  |
HTC Accessories
|  Kyocera Accessories  |
LG Accessories
|  Motorola Accessories  |
Nextel Accessories
Nokia Accessories
|  Palm Treo Accessories  |
Pantech Accessories
|  Samsung Accessories  |
Sanyo Accessories
|  Siemens Accessories  |
Sony Ericsson Accessories  |
UTStarcom Accessories
Cell Phone Antennas and Signal Boosters  |
Cell Phone Batteries  |
Cell Phone Bluetooth  |
Cell Phone Cases
|  Cell Phone Chargers  |
Cell Phone Covers and Gels
|  Cell Phone Data Accessories  |
Cell Phone Holsters
Terms and Conditions  |
Warranty Information
|
Return
Authorization   |
Site Map  |
Privacy Policy
|  Certfication
*$.99 cent shipping (free over $50) only applies to orders shipping within the
Continental US.
Discountcell is a certified woman owned
company through the WBENC.
For questions or
comments please contact Info@DiscountCell.com.
Copyright 1997-2013 Discountcell all Rights Reserved.
Discountcell is a trademark of Discountcell Inc.
350 West 500 South, Provo UT 84601