http://www.racingbeat.com/mazda/performance/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Racing Beat, LLC. has absolute respect for your personal privacy. We recognize the value of your personal information and we treat all such information with care and responsibility.
We are committed to enforcing, maintaining, and improving upon a strict system of personal information protection.
Racing Beat complies with the laws and regulations related to the protection and acquisition of personal information.
We also control access to any personal information and enforce security measures to ensure the accuracy and protection of personal information.
Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time.
Any and all changes to this policy will be posted in the [newsletter] section of the Racing Beat website.
We expect that most changes will be minor.
Regardless of any changes, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your express consent.
This policy applies to the Racing Beat website, any satellite websites, and any services offered through those websites.
We hope that this document will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.
If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us through our [online form] or write us directly through the following address:
Privacy Matters
c/o Racing Beat, LLC.
4789 E. Wesley Drive
Anaheim, CA 92807
Information That We Collect
At Racing Beat, we take our customers' trust seriously.
We do not collect personal information while you are generally browsing or reading through the website.
However, we do collect non-personal information that is not connected to a name or other personally identifying data.
We require personal information when you purchase a product or create an account as it is necessary for processing product orders or other requests.
The following explains the types of information that we collect:
Personal information that you provide
Personal information, such as your name, address, or email address is collected whenever you create (or log on to) a user account, register a product, return a product under warranty, or purchase a product from our website.
This information includes shipping and billing information, general contact information, passwords, and other information that can be used to identify you personally.
All personal information submitted to us is maintained and stored in encrypted form on secure servers.
We only use sensitive personal information such as credit card information for payment processing and fraud prevention.
Unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases, we or our financial service providers will not keep credit card information and sensitive personal information longer than is necessary to provide you with the services that you request.
Internet Cookies
Whenever you visit our website, we send one or more cookies to your browser. Cookies are simply small files containing a string of characters used to identify your browser.
We use cookies to store user preferences or to link any user account information to your browser.
The cookies themselves do not contain any personal information; they are used only to improve the usability, content, and overall experience of our website.
While most browsers are originally configured to receive cookies by default, you can set you browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you each time they are sent.
Information about your visit
Whenever you visit our website, your browser sends information that our servers collect.
This information may include web request, IP address, browser type and language, the date and time of your visit, and any cookies that may identify your browser.
The information collected in this process is not associated with a specific personal identity.
We use it to evaluate how visitors use our website and to improve the website's usability, performance, and effectiveness.
We only collect personal information when you voluntarily provide it.
We will also only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests or other legitimate business objectives.
Uses of That Information
We collect information for the purposes of providing products and services, conducting internal marketing studies, and improving the operation of our website.
Specifically, we use your information to help you complete an order or transaction, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers, and to further understand your needs and interests.
Occasionally, we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding Racing Beat products or services.
If the personal information that we collect will be used in a manner that is different than the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will ask for your consent prior to use.
We will also offer you an effective way to opt out if we wish to use personal information in a different manner than what is described in this privacy policy.
Racing Beat does not sell or rent personal information to companies or entities outside of Racing Beat.
However, we may provide such information to other parties for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf.
If this is the case, we require that these parties process all personal information in compliance with this Policy.
Information collected by Racing Beat will only be shared with third parties under the following conditions:
We have your express consent.
We share information for the purposes of complying with legal processes, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our services.
All of the information that we collect is managed and processed within the United States.
Children's Privacy
Racing Beat is committed to protecting the privacy of children.
We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests.
We will never knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Our website and its products and services are not targeted toward children younger than 13 years.
Access of Account Information
We make every effort to keep your information accurate.
When using our website or the services offered through our website, we will make good faith efforts to provide you a means to update, correct, or delete your personal information if it is not required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.
For proper authentication, we ask that you identify yourself and the information that you wish to modify or delete before we process your requests.
We may, however, decline to process your requests if they are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require a disproportionate amount of technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be otherwise impractical.
Information Security
We at Racing Beat take the appropriate measures to keep our data secure.
These measures include technical, physical, and administrative practices to protect data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction.
We restrict access of personal information to individual Racing Beat employees, contractors, and other agents who need it to perform legitimate business functions.
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, termination, or criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these regulations.
Rotary Tech Tips
Repair Manuals & Books
Photo Gallery
Newsletter Signup
History of Racing Beat
Racing Beat LLC © 2020, Privacy Policy
Info & Orders
714-779-8677
Tech Line
714-779-8677
Visit Our Showroom
Visit Our Anaheim, Californiasalescounter and showroom. Open M-F8:00am-5:00pm
DIRECTIONS
Newsletter
Latest news, specials and product information.Register
HERE
Rotary Catalog
Download our rotary parts guide and tech guide.PDF (4.5M)
Download
Photo Gallery
View classic images from the Racing Beat photo archives.
VIEW
About Us
Dealers
Support
Policies
Press
Contact Us
DEALER LOGIN
»
Select:
RX-7
Early Rotary & 79-85 RX-7
1986-92 RX-7
1993-95 RX-7
RX-8
Miata
1990-05 Miata NA/NB
2006-20 MX-5 NC/ND
Mazda2
Mazda3
Mazda6
Protege
CX-3/CX-5