http://www.mountaindesigns.com/terms-and-conditions
Free Delivery over $99*
Join the Alliance Club
Home
Shop with Mountain Designs
Terms & Conditions
Back to Shop with Mountain Designs
Show Me
Shop with Mountain Designs
Returns & Exchanges
Payment Information
Warranties & Repairs
FAQ
Delivery
Track Your Order
Women's Size Guides
Men's Size Guides
Store Locator & Stockists
Terms & Conditions
This website is owned and operated by Mountain Designs Holdings Pty Ltd as Trustee for Mountain Designs Unit Trust (ABN 45 944 511 754) which is a part of the Spotlight Retail Group. The Spotlight Retail Group also includes Spotlight Pty Ltd (ACN 005 180 861), Anaconda Group Pty Ltd (ACN 107 364 563), Spotlight Ltd (NZ Company No. 553661) and Spotlight Pte Ltd (Singapore Reg # 199504543C).The website is made available to you for your use on the condition that you agree to these Terms and Conditions of Use ('Terms'). References to 'us' or ’Mountain Designs’ mean Mountain Designs Holdings Pty Ltd as Trustee for Mountain Designs Unit Trust (ABN 45 944 511 754) and its related bodies corporate and associates as those terms are defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (including but not limited to the other entities in the Spotlight Retail Group). References to 'you' mean you, the user of the website. By using the website, you are deemed to have accepted the Terms. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between us and you concerning the website. Copyright in Website MaterialAll of the material on and in relation to the website is and remains the property of Mountain Designs  at all times, or in the case of some material, a third party. You are not permitted to copy, reproduce, modify, transmit, post or distribute, whether electronically or otherwise, any material from the website. Any other use of the website material constitutes a breach of Mountain Designs's copyright and other proprietary rights. You may copy and email our webpage URL's to your family and friends for private and non-commercial purposes. Intellectual PropertyMountain Designs is the owner or authorised user of all intellectual property in and associated with the website. Mountain Designs is also the owner or authorised user of the trade marks, logos, names and designs, whether registered or unregistered, in and associated with the website.You have no rights in or license to any of the intellectual property, trademarks, logos, content, names or designs, whether registered or unregistered, associated with the website. AdvertisingThis website may include advertisements concerning products or services provided by third parties. These advertisements are not recommendations or endorsements by Mountain Designs. Mountain Designs does not control the content of and is not responsible for the advertisements. Mountain Designs will not be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage that is alleged to have occurred or has occurred as a result of your use of any goods or services the subject of advertising on the website. Any concerns you have regarding any advertisement on the website should be addressed to the third party advertiser. Third Party SitesThis website may contain links to third party websites. These links are not recommendations or endorsements by Mountain Designs and Mountain Designs does not take any responsibility for the content or functionality of those websites. You access those sites solely at your own risk. Usernames and PasswordsIf Mountain Designs authorises you to register for or otherwise use online shopping, then you must keep your username and password (if any) confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Nor may you permit any other person to use that username or password (either for their own use or on your behalf). Product DisclaimersReproduction of colours is as accurate as photographic processes allow, however please note that product colours in-store may vary from what is displayed on your computer monitor and may vary from monitor to monitor and device to device.Although listed on the website, some items, sizes, colours and styles might not be immediately available or might be temporarily or permanently out of stock. We aim to ensure that our website is accurate, however, sometimes errors occur, for which we apologise.Some products might require self-assembly or you may be required to obtain the assistance of a professional assembler at your own cost and expense. PricesAll references to $ and dollars on the website are to Australian currency. All prices were current at the time of publication on the website and are inclusive of GST.All sale and promotional pricing commences at 12:00:01 am (AEST/AEDT) on the sale/promo start date and end at 11:59:59 pm (AEST/AEDT) on the sale/promo end date.* While we make every endeavour to ensure the accuracy of our website pricing, in the event of system based or human pricing errors if you acquire a product at the incorrect price we will advise you as soon as possible and we reserve the right to cancel the transaction/ your order and refund the mistaken purchase price to you. Content"Content" means avatars, blogs, comments, compliments, criticisms, discussions, forums, images, observations, opinions, pictures, rankings, recommendations, responses, testimonials, text, videos. "Disseminate" means any form of communication by any means howsoever through any medium, including, without limitation, email, uploading, downloading, posting, listing, posting hyperlinks to, chatting, book-marking, social network sharing (including via Facebook, Twitter, and the like), transmitting, publishing.From time to time you might be entitled to create and upload Content to be stored on the Mountain Designs website provided that:a.
The Content will be your original work.b.
You will not copy, plagiarise, reproduce or otherwise Disseminate the work of any other person.c.
The Content will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party.d.
The Content is uploaded or connected in accordance with our instructions from time to time, including via the use of other services and technologies, including YouTube and;e.
You adhere to these Terms.You grant Mountain Designs the non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide right to Disseminate, reproduce, edit, modify, distribute, display and delete such Content (in whole or in part) via the Mountain Designs website or via such other medium or channel as determined by Mountain Designs from time to time.You consent to other Mountain Designs website users accessing, using and viewing the Content. You will at all relevant times remain the exclusive owner of the Content that you create and upload to the Mountain Designs website.Mountain Designs has the unfettered right at any time to temporarily or permanently remove your Content, in part or full.You waive the following Moral Right's in respect of the Content that you create and upload:a.
The right to attribution of authorship as defined in the Copyright Act 1968, andb.
The right of integrity of authorship as defined in the Copyright Act 1968, andc.
The right not to have the work subjected to derogatory treatment as defined in the Copyright Act 1968.This section headed "Content" survives the termination of these Terms. Restrictions on UseYou must not use the Mountain Designs website for any unlawful, immoral or unethical purpose, as we determine in our sole and absolute discretion, including:a.
the Dissemination of unsolicited or unauthorised commercial electronic messages, SPAM, advertising or promotional material.b.
the impersonation or theft of another person's identity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, including Mountain Designs.c.
the creation or Dissemination of false or alias identities.d.
to harass, threaten, stalk or otherwise communicate with any person against their will.e.
to vilify others, including, without limitation based on race, ethnicity, sex, sexual preferences, religion or politics.f.
the Dissemination of pornography, including child pornography involving a person under the age of 18 years or such age as provided by the laws and/or regulations of the countries or jurisdictions in which you use the Mountain Designs website, whichever is younger.g.
to defame, slander or libel any person.h.
for the purpose of money laundering, terrorist activities, causing civil unrest and other criminal activities.i.
for the purpose of phishing.j.
for the purposes of industrial espionage or Dissemination of inside information gained or propagated by unlawful means.k.
to Disseminate or otherwise infringe upon the private and/or confidential information or intellectual property rights of any person or infringe the publicity rights any person.l.
to Disseminate material that is abusive, vulgar, obscene, hateful, tortious or otherwise objectionable.You must not:a.
copy, or allow to be copied, all or part of the Content or underlying website code, other than as expressly permitted under these Terms. You must not Disseminate Content that has been created and uploaded to the Mountain Designs website by other people.b.
commercialise all or part of the Mountain Designs website.c.
use the Mountain Designs website or upload Content to promote, market, distribute or sell any goods or services.d.
make any adaptation, modification or derivative work of the other people's Content.e.
sell, rent, lease, sub-license, assign or transfer all or part of your rights under these Terms.f.
use any type of spider, virus, worm, trojan horse, time bomb, adware, bot, hack, malware, phishing or other malicious codes, computer activity, application, executable, program, software or instructions that are designed to.i.
disable, damage, disrupt or disassemble all or part of the Mountain Designs website, orii.
communicate or seek to communicate with persons using the Mountain Designs website. DisclaimerYou are entitled to statutory consumer guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law.Mountain Designs does not exclude or limit those consumer guarantees.Mountain Designs makes no warranty or guarantee regarding:a.
your use of the website or any material on the website.b.
your ability to access or use the website or any material on the website at any time.c.
the loss or modification of information or material transmitted to or from the website.d.
the absence of any defect, technical problem or virus attached to or arising from the website or the server upon which it is hosted.e.
the use or misuse of the website or any material on the website by other users or the conduct of other users on or through the website.f.
the products displayed on the website being available at any time.IndemnityYou indemnify Mountain Designs, its subsidiaries, related entities, officers and employees against any and all loss, damage, demand, cost or expense claimed by a third party as a result of or in connection with your use of or conduct on the website. PrivacyAny personally identifiable information that you submit through or in relation to the website is collected and used by Mountain Designs in accordance with its Privacy Policy. You can review the Mountain Designs Privacy Policy here. Additional TermsAdditional terms and conditions are attached to certain pages of the website such as the Mountain Designs Alliance Club or competitions from time to time. You should ensure that you are familiar with and are prepared to abide by these additional requirements before you make use of these particular website pages. Changes to the Website and Your AccessWithout prior notice to you and in its absolute discretion, Mountain Designs reserves the right to:a.
vary or discontinue the website or any page of the website at any time, andb.
suspend or terminate your access to part or all of the website at any time,and Mountain Designs is not liable to you for any loss, damage, cost or expense you may suffer if it exercises any of these rights. Changes to the TermsMountain Designs reserves the right to amend these Terms from time to time. Amended Terms come into effect from the time they are posted on the website but will not apply retrospectively or to any of your then current orders. You should review this page regularly to ensure that you are aware of any changes to the Terms. Severance of clausesIf any clause of these Terms is held to be invalid, void, unlawful or unenforceable for any reason, that clause will be severed from the Terms and it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remainder of the Terms. Governing lawThis website may be accessed in Australia and throughout the world. We make no representation that the content of this website complies with the laws outside Australia and your access of this website outside Australia is strictly at your own risk. These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the courts of Australia.
BECOME AN ALLIANCE CLUB MEMBER
Get VIP discounts, attend exclusive events and more
Join for free