http://www.dactec.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Products
Dealers
Retailers
About
Contact
Locations
Log in
Create account
This DAC TECHNOLOGIES Digital Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means. By accessing or using this website or other DAC TECHNOLOGIES products or service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device (collectively, "Device"), you consent to our Privacy Policy.
DAC TECHNOLOGIES may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting. Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any updates. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use.
While this Privacy Policy is intended to generally describe our privacy practices, our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it is most meaningful to you.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
WHAT YOU PROVIDE
We collect information you provide us or permit us to access. Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, image, birth date, email and physical address, telephone number, gender, contact lists, social media information and profile, location (GPS) information, activity and performance information, and when necessary, credit card information.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with, and use of, our products and services. Information we may collect includes, but is not limited to, your telephone number, Device identifier and hardware information, IP address, browser type and language, cookie information, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain features, access times, referring website URLs, information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We recognize that parents, guardians, or other adults purchase our products for family use, including use by minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes. Since some information is collected electronically, it can appear to be the personal information of the purchaser of the product, and will be treated as such by this privacy policy. If a child under 13 submits personal information to us and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.
USING INFORMATION
We may use your information to do the following:
ENHANCE YOUR USE
Enhance, customize and personalize your DAC TECHNOLOGIES experiences and communications
OPERATE, IMPROVE AND ANALYZE
Operate, provide, improve and maintain DAC TECHNOLOGIES’s products and services, including analyzing user behavior and trends. Send you administrative messages and other information about DAC TECHNOLOGIES. Communicate with you about your purchase, account information or customer service experience
PROVIDE AND CONDUCT MARKETING AND PROMOTIONIAL SERVICES
Communicate with you about our products, services and events, and for other promotional purposes
Administer contests, promotions, events, surveys or other features
Display relevant marketing material to you.
SHARING INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties without prior permission from you.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may transfer your information to DAC TECHNOLOGIES service providers to conduct business. For example, credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management.
BY LAW OR TO PROTECT RIGHTS
We may disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of DAC TECHNOLOGIES’s products and services or violations of the Terms of Use, or to defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of DAC TECHNOLOGIES. If this should happen, notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication.
PUBLIC SHARING
When you join or use certain services, you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information, which may include your username, location, and other relevant information. You may also choose to share certain information. In order to participate in certain features, you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information. You may also choose to share your activity on other social media platforms or forums, such as Facebook, Twitter, etc. Please read the privacy policies of those platforms, because your DAC TECHNOLOGIES activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by DAC TECHNOLOGIES's Privacy Policy. Information that is publicly shared may be used by DAC TECHNOLOGIES for promotional purposes.
PROTECTING INFORMATION
Security Measures: We use a variety of security measures, including encryption and authentication tools, to help protect your information. We use secure servers when you place orders. All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted within our databases.
NO GUARANTEE
However, like other companies, DAC TECHNOLOGIES cannot guarantee 100% the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us.
COLLECTION TOOLS
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
DAC TECHNOLOGIES automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device. We use a variety of methods to collect this information, including, but not limited to, cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ("Collection Tools").
TURNING OFF COLLECTION TOOLS
If you turn off certain Collection Tools, you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly. However, you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number displayed on our website. Note that our websites may not recognize or respond to Do Not Track (DNT) headers from web browsers.
CHOICES
MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You can modify or delete your profile within certain DAC TECHNOLOGIES services, through your account. Your information previously posted may still be publicly viewable. DAC TECHNOLOGIES may keep information and content in our backup files and archives.
COMMUNICATION/UNSUBSCRIBE/OPT-OUT
Regardless of the settings you select, DAC TECHNOLOGIES may send you service-related communications. To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages, please change your settings or follow the instructions in the email, notification or other message type. If you have unsubscribed from any DAC TECHNOLOGIES communications, due to production schedules, you may receive communications already in production.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Our digital operations are conducted, in whole in the United States. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed and stored in the United States, and allow DAC TECHNOLOGIES to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
TERMS OF USE
Your use of our products and services, and any disputes arising from them, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Please visit our Terms of Use, which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services.
For questions or concerns, related to this Privacy Policy, please contact Customer Service.