http://www.autorepairwarranty.com/privacy-policy
Free Quote
About
Plans
FAQ
Testimonials
Contact
Privacy Policy
Get A Quote
May 2, 2013
At Auto Repair Warranty Services, we put the needs of our customers first. Ensuring that you get an honest, upfront, hassle-free product is our highest priority.
Auto Repair Protection offers a complimentary quote for auto warranty coverage. The information gathered for this quote is used to give you the most accurate quote possible. Personal information such as your name, address, phone number(s), and email address is stored in our in house database and is used for any customer care issues that may arise. The state of residence is used to determine your vehicle’s eligibility for coverage. We currently do not offer coverage to residents of California PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY (OTHERWISE NOTED AS THIS “AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITES. BY USING THE AUTO REPAIR PROTECTION WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
At Auto Repair Protection, we share your concerns about privacy. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for all Auto Repair Protection websites.
Collection of Personal Information
We collect information that identifies you, such as names, postal addresses, and email addresses (“personal information”), when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. We receive and store any information that you choose to enter through the Site, including any submissions that you make or content you provide on or through the Site.
We may use information collected from recipients of our marketing campaigns, marketing partners, advertisers, and other third parties in the following ways:
To respond to a specific inquiry
To send you notifications about your accounts or transactions with us and to otherwise contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you.
To send you information from our marketing partners and other third parties through online marketing communications, such as emails. We are not responsible for the practices of our marketing partners, advertisers, or other third parties.
To analyze our business or use of the Site, enhance existing features, or develop new features, products, or services.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Should we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete that information from our database.
Except with regard to any contact information you may provide us, all comments, feedback, and other information submitted to Auto Repair Protection through or in association with this website will be considered non-confidential and the property of Auto Repair Protection. By submitting such Feedback to Auto Repair Protection, you agree that you assign to Auto Repair Protection, without charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest including copyrights and other intellectual property rights, in and to the Feedback. Auto Repair Protection shall be free to use such Feedback on an unrestricted basis.
IP Address
We log all connections to our web servers. Those log files include your IP address. An IP address is NOT personally identifiable information, but general information about your location, connection to the Internet, and your Internet Service Provider. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Sites. Additionally, we will use your IP address to track your navigation of the Sites and we may use your navigation history in current and future marketing efforts to you and to others.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information stored in a user’s browser that give that user a unique identification. The Auto Repair Protection Sites MAY insert cookies into your browser that identify you as a previous user of the Sites and contain non-personally identifying information regarding you and your navigation of the Sites. In some instances, these cookies may be used by us or other web sites during your future navigation of the internet to target specific advertisements to you based on your previous use of the Sites. The Sites may also read cookies already stored within your browser to identify non-personal information about you and communicate this information to other advertisers. All cookies are established on a per session basis, and are not permanently stored on your machine. For more information about cookies, please visit www.AboutCookies.org.
Security
We care about protecting the security of your personal information, and we have implemented security procedures to protect the personal information that you provide to us. However, no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used, or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes the types of information we currently collect, and the ways we use and protect that information. From time to time, we may collect different types of information and use that information in different ways – for example, when we add features or services to www.autorepairwarranty.com. In these cases, we may edit this policy to explain the new practices. Because protecting your privacy is very important to us, we do not expect major changes in policy. However, if we do make significant changes in our practices, we will include announcements on the www.autorepairwarranty.com home page so that you will know to review the revised policy.
Contact Us
To change or remove your contact information in our database, or to not receive future mailings or other communications, as well as for all other inquiries, please contact us at any time using one of the options below:
1. You may Opt out of our email list to remove yourself from receiving any future e-mail communication. Note that this process can take up to 10-business days.
2. To update your communication preferences contact us at:
Auto Repair Protection
400 Skokie Boulevard, Ste 105
Northbrook, IL 60062
Whether you are a current or potential Auto Repair Protection customer, your information and needs are handled professionally, and above all, ethically. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or Auto Repair Protection, don’t hesitate to contact us!
Opt out of our email list
Money Back Guarantee
With our money back guarantee you really have nothing to lose. Try our services and receive a refund within the first 30 (pre-owned vehicles) or 60 day (new vehicles).
Learn More
Contact Us
To speak with one of our friendly customer service representatives, please call 888-418-8233.
Hours of Operation:
mon–fri 8am–8pm (cst) sat 9am–1pm (cst)
info@autorepairwarranty.com