http://www.equestriancollections.com/help
Home
0
Added To Your BagX
Price
Qty
0 Items In Bag
Subtotal 0.00
Checkout
Sign In
877-872-4415
Shop By Category
Plus Size Riding ApparelMen's Riding BootsBarn & StableWestern Tack & EquipmentSale RackJewelry, Gifts & HomeKids Riding ApparelEnglish SaddlesEnglish Horse TackKids Riding BootsLadies Riding ApparelRider GearHorse Blankets, Sheets, CoolersFly & Insect ControlLadies Riding BootsHorse DewormersHorse HealthcareMen's Riding ApparelHorse Equipment
Need Help?
For the best shopping experience on Equestrian Collections, here are some helpful hints to find what you need:
Keyword Search: If you have some idea of what you are looking to purchase, just use our SEARCH box found conveniently at the top right of the Equestrian Collections.com homepage. Simply enter a word or phrase that pertains to the item you are looking for and click SEARCH. This will take you to a results page with any items that best match your criteria. Once you are on this page you may refine your results by category, brand, price, color or size. These options are located down the left side of the website page.Browse Categories: If you would prefer to browse through the Equestrian Collections website based on product type, please select one of our categories found as tabs across our website homepage. These are organized by departments like Ladies, Men or Kids.  These categories are designed to help you navigate through our wide selection of products just as you would in a store.Placing your Order: When on our product pages, you will find the product description, brand information and available sizes and/or colors. To make your shopping easier, the drop down menus will show only the sizes and/or colors that are available to purchase (colors/sizes that are out of stock or no longer available will not appear).  Below the ADD TO CART button you will find the product's shipping lead time into our shipping location should it not be in our Pennsylvania facility. The overall ship time for your order is goverened by the item with the longest lead time to our warehouse. Once you are ready to put a product into your cart, simplynclick the ADD TO CART button after you select the size and/or color of the item, if applicable, you wish to purchase.Shopping Cart: You may view your shopping cart at anytime by clicking on the cart icon found in the upper right corner of the Equestrian Collections' homepage. You always have the option to click CONTINUE SHOPPING to continue browsing our website and add additional items to your cart. All existing items will remain in your cart. You have the ability to update the quantity or remove any items in your cart. Gift Certificates for redemption or Coupons should be entered in the cart once you are ready to check out. Any applicable extra shipping and taxes will appear in your cart. After you have reviewed your order, click on NEXT to proceed to our log-in page or address verification, if you are already logged into your account.Logging In: Before check out you will be asked to log in to your account.   You may sign in as an existing customer or as a guest. If you are a new customer, you may enter your email address and quickly create an account.   Your account information is only viewable by YOU and is protected by your log in and password combination.   The entire Equestrian Collections' site is https secure for your confidence and peace of mind.Checkout: Once you are logged into your account, you just have just three final steps to place your order. Verify your billing and shipping information, you may update this information anytime before check out. Choose your delivery method. The premium shipping surcharge, if chosen, does not speed up processing time in our warehouse. The surcharge only speeds up package time in transit to your home by FedEx or USPS Priority mail. The product lead times are found below the add to cart button in most listings. If you have questions at any point during check out, please do not hesitate to contact our Customer Service Department. Finally, choose your payment method and click SUBMIT for your order confirmation.Order Confirmation: Once you have submitted your order on Equestrian Collections, you will be taken to a confirmation page which summarizes your order and provides you with an order number. This confirmation will also be sent to the email you provided as part of your account information. We suggest that you retain this information for your records. If you have a question regarding your order, it is helpful to have this order number available when contacting Customer Service.
Miscellaneous Information
Product Lead Times: The ship time of your packages depends on the items you select. Because our complete inventory is well over 150,000 different products many of the items we offer for sale on our website are stored in locations across the US. When you place an order the items are ordered in from those locations, gathered together at our shipping warehouse in Pennsylvania, and then shipped to you. When you are shopping on Equestrian Collections, you will see a ship lead-time for each item listed right below the Add to Cart button. This ship lead-time is the approximate number of business days it takes a particular item to arrive here at the shipping location. The overall ship time for your order is governed by the item with the longest ship delay. However, we will not hold your order for longer than 5 business days before partial shipping it on to you. Delivery times to you will vary depending on where the package's destination is.
Coupons: Coupon Codes can come from various sources, such as emails, advertisements, mailings, etc. You may use only one coupon code per order. Please review our Third Party Website Disclaimer as, unfortunately, expired or invalid coupons may be listed on these sites. Feel free to contact Customer Service at 877-872-4415.Redeeming Gift Certificates: To redeem your gift certificate and apply it towards your Equestrian Collections order online, simply enter the gift certificate code on the shopping cart summary page.Payment Options: When ordering online, our payment options include all major credit cards, PayPal, Amazon Payments, Check or Money Order.Canadian Orders: All Canadian packages are pre-cleared by collecting duties and taxes as part of the check out process. We ship to Canada, typically, twice a week by pallet. For additional information please contact Customer Service.International Orders: For specific questions regarding international orders, shipping, or any other inquiries, please contact Customer Service by phone (703) 365 0155, Email or Live Chat.Cancelling an Order: If you need to cancel an order after completing check out, please contact Customer Service as soon as possible. Once the order is in transit a cancelation cannot be processed.Purchasing Gift Certificates: Gift Certificates may be purchased by contacting Customer Service at  877-872-4415 and can be mailed or emailed to you or the recipient.
SECURITY GUARANTEE
Equestrian Collections understands your concerns regarding online security. We have installed advanced order fraud and hacker intrusion detection systems to catch criminal activity on our website. We work with local, national and international law enforcement agencies to prosecute fraud including but not limited to: Stolen credit cards, fraudulent money orders, mail order scams, product return scams, hacking attempts, phishing attempts, and telephone / wire fraud. Don't be our next investigation.Not responsible for typographical errors. Some colors pictured may vary slightly, due to the reproduction process. Prices are subject to change without notice.  We reserve the right to cancel an order or promotional offer at any time.