https://www.hogueinc.com/terms-of-service/
800-GET-GRIP(438-4747)
Find a Dealer
Home
/
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Welcome to Hogue Web Store. This site is provided by Hogue, Inc. (referred to throughout this Site as "Hogue Web Store") as a service to our customers. Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of the Hogue Web Store site. (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of the Hogue Web Store site, including other sites owned by Hogue, Inc. (collectively, the "Site") constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to these Terms of Use. Hogue Web Store reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice to you. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms of Use whenever you use this Site.
Adult, Children and Use of this Site
By accepting these Terms of Use through your use of the Site, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 18 but at least 13 years of age you may use this Site only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. Hogue Web Store does not intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 may not use this Site other than for browsing, and parents or legal guardians may not agree to these Terms of Use on their behalf. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these Terms of Use for the benefit of a child between the ages of 13 and 18, be advised that you are fully responsible for his or her use of this Site, including all financial charges and legal liability that he or she may incur. If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these terms and conditions, do not use this Site. All billing and registration information provided must be truthful and accurate. Providing any untruthful or inaccurate information may constitute a breach of these Terms of Use. By confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to accept and pay for the item(s) requested.
All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, music clips or downloads, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site or any related software. All software used on this Site is the property of Hogue Web Store or its suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The Contents and software on this Site may be used only as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the Contents on this Site is strictly prohibited. Hogue Web Store is a trademark of Hogue, Inc..
Objectionable Material. You understand that by using this Site or any services provided on the Site, you may encounter Content that may be deemed by some to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which Content may or may not be identified as such. You agree to use the Site and any service at your sole risk and that Hogue Web Store and its affiliates shall have no liability to you for Content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Site Security and Passwords
If you use a password to access this Site or any portion of it, then you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur on your account or with your password. In the event that the confidentiality of your account or password is compromised in any manner, you will notify Hogue Web Store immediately. Hogue Web Store reserves the right to take any and all action, as it deems necessary or reasonable, to ensure the security of the Site and your account, including without limitation, terminating your account, changing your password or requesting information to authorize transactions on your account. Notwithstanding the above, Hogue Web Store may rely on the authority of anyone accessing your account or using your password and in no event will Hogue Web Store be held liable to you for any liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) any action or inaction of Hogue Web Store under this provision, (ii) any compromise of the confidentiality of your account or password, and (iii) any unauthorized access to your account or use of your password.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Hogue Web Store will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available from Hogue Web Store on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., FireFox, Internet Explorer, etc.).
Internal Links and to Third Party Websites
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a hypertext link to the home page only of this Site, provided such link does not portray Hogue Web Store or any of its products and services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Hogue Web Store trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found at this Site, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page, or form contained on a page without Hogue Web Store's express written consent. All other linking is prohibited without prior consent from Hogue Web Store. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel, or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of Hogue Web Store or any third party.
Hogue Web Store may contain links to other sites that are neither owned nor operated by Hogue Web Store (although some such sites may have an affiliation with Hogue Web Store) (collectively, "Third Party Sites"). Such links are provided for your convenience only. Hogue Web Store makes no representations whatsoever about any Third Party Sites which you may access through this Website, as Hogue Web Store has no control over the content appearing on such Third Party Sites. Moreover, a link to a Third Party Site does not imply and does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for the content on, or the use of, such Third Party Site. No rights to use or copy the information on this Website or the Third Party Site is granted or implied. Please Note: The privacy policies applicable to Third party Sites may differ significantly from Hogue Web Store's Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to review the applicable privacy policies of such Third Party Sites.
Order Acceptance
Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. For your convenience, you will not be charged until your payment method is authorized, the order information is verified for accuracy and your order is shipped. Some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is canceled after your credit card has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card in the amount of the charge.
Pricing and Error Information
While Hogue Web Store strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing or typographical errors may occur. Hogue Web Store cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, Hogue Web Store shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is mispriced, Hogue Web Store may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Quantity Limits & Sales
Hogue Web Store reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of items purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may be applicable to orders placed by the same Hogue Web Store account, the same credit card, and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We will provide notification to the customer should such limits be applied. Hogue Web Store also reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to prohibit sales to dealers.
Copyrights and Trademarks
Unless otherwise noted, all Contents are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Hogue Web Store, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Hogue Web Store and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all Contents on this Site is the exclusive property of Hogue Web Store and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Hogue Web Store and its suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials which appear on this Site. Access to this Site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of Hogue Web Store's or any third party's intellectual property rights.
The Hogue Web Store names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of Hogue, Inc.. All other marks are the property of their respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this Site. Access to this Site does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner.
References on this Site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply Hogue Web Store's endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. Hogue Web Store is not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. If you decide to link to any such third party web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
User Reviews, Feedback, Submissions
All reviews, comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Hogue Web Store on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain Hogue Web Store's property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Hogue Web Store of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments.
Thus, Hogue Web Store will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Hogue Web Store will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, modify, adapt, create derivative works from, publish, display and distribute any Comments you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. Hogue Web Store is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments. You agree that any Comments submitted by you to the Site will not violate this policy or any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s), and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any form of "spam".
Hogue Web Store does not regularly review posted Comments, but does reserve the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or remove any Comments submitted to the Site. You grant Hogue Web Store the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any Comments. You agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any Comments you submit. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make and you agree to indemnify Hogue Web Store and its affiliates for all claims resulting from any Comments you submit. Hogue Web Store and its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Comments submitted by you or any third party.
Product / Item Colors, Patterns and Textures
We have made every effort to display the colors, patterns and textures of our products and items that appear on the Site as accurately as possible. However, as the actual colors, patterns and textures you see will depend on your monitor and ambient lighting, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colors, patterns and textures will be accurate.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Hogue Web Store and its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Termination
These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Hogue Web Store. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this Site. Hogue Web Store also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in Hogue Web Store's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or Hogue Web Store, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the Terms of Use or otherwise. Hogue Web Store's right to any Comments shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY HOGUE WEB STORE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. HOGUE WEB STORE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE HOGUE WEB STORE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY HOGUE WEB STORE. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL HOGUE WEB STORE OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE HOGUE WEB STORE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF HOGUE WEB STORE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
General
This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. Headings used in these Terms of Use are for reference purposes only and in no way define or limit the scope of the section. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of Hogue Web Store to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit Hogue Web Store's rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under California law without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or your use of this Site must be brought in the state or federal courts of California and you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
DMCA Notice
Procedure for Making and Responding to Claims of Copyright Infringement
It is the policy of Hogue, Inc. to respond to claims of copyright infringement. We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement by third parties and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) ("DMCA"), where applicable.
Pursuant to the DMCA, notifications of claimed copyright infringement by third parties should be sent to Hogue Web Store's Designated Agent. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been infringed under U.S. copyright law and is accessible on this Site, please notify us by contacting our Designated Agent. Even if you believe that the alleged infringing work was not posted by a third party, please send all notifications of claimed copyright infringement to Hogue Web Store's Designated Agent listed below.
To be effective under the DMCA, notification of claims of copyright infringement by third parties must be a written communication to Hogue Web Store's Designated Agent that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Hogue Web Store to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Hogue Web Store to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Hogue Web Store's Designated Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Hogue, Inc.P.O. Box 1138Paso Robles, CA 93447-1138
By e-mail:
Office@HogueInc.com
This contact information is only for reporting claims of copyright infringement. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere on this Site.
Upon receipt of a valid notification of alleged copyright infringement by a third party, Hogue Web Store shall remove or disable access to the material identified in the notice, forward the written notification to the alleged infringer, and take reasonable efforts to notify the alleged infringer that it has removed or disabled access to this material.
You should be aware that, under the DMCA, claimants who make misrepresentations concerning copyright infringement may be liable for shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by the alleged infringer or by Hogue Web Store, if injured by relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against you, you may file a counter notification with the Designated Agent at the address listed above.
To be effective, a counter notification must be a written communication provided to the Hogue Web Store's Designated Agent that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located and that you will accept service of process from the complainant who provided the original notification or an agent of such person or entity.
If Hogue Web Store receives a valid counter notification, it shall provide the complainant with a copy of the counter notification, inform the complainant that it will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in 10 to 14 days from receipt of the counter notification, and replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in 10 to 14 business days, provided that Hogue, Inc. has not received notice from the complainant that an action has been filed seeking a court order to restrain the alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on Hogue Web Store's system.
You should be aware that the DMCA provides substantial penalties for a false counter notice filed in response to a notice of copyright infringement. Claimants who make misrepresentations in their the counter notification statement may be liable for shall be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by any copyright owner or copyright owner's authorized licensee, or by Hogue, Inc., if injured by relying upon such misrepresentation in replacing the removed material or ceasing to disable access to it.
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Hogue® International
Trademarks
Team Hogue®
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
SUPPORT
Dealer Support
Knowledgebase
What's New
Press Releases
Hogue Catalog
Find a Dealer
Hogue Inc
Welcome to Hogue, Inc., home to a proud family tradition of American quality and innovation since 1968. Every Hogue product — from handgun grips to long gun stocks to specialty knives to gear and accessories — is built in the spirit of fine craftsmanship, attention to detail and complete dedication to the legacy of founder Guy Hogue, carried into the next generation by his sons Aaron and Patrick Hogue, by Hogue Tool & Machine Company president Jim Bruhns, and by Guy Hogue's grandson Neil Hogue.
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Warranty
Hogue International
Trademarks
Team Hogue
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Support
Support Overview
Dealer Support
Knowledgebase
What's New
Press Releases
Hogue Catalog
Find a Dealer
Follow Us
© 2020 Hogue, Inc.All Rights Reserved.