http://www.coppertone.com/meta-pages/terms-of-use
Meta Pages
Terms of Use
Top
Terms of Use
Beiersdorf, Inc. (“Beiersdorf”) operates this website as a service to Beiersdorf customers and others who are interested in Beiersdorf products and services and reside in the United States of America, its territories and possessions.
By visiting this website you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms and conditions:
Use of this Website and its Data
Unless expressly permitted by Beiersdorf in writing or elsewhere on this website, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, store, cache, disseminate, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or in any way exploit the content of this website. You may not attempt to obtain lists of users or gain access to personal information of users or others from or via this website. You also may not use spiders, crawlers or similar utilities or use any automatic means to access, log-in to the website to register regarding any of its features. You may not attempt to obtain unauthorized access to computer systems, data or any services made available on or via their website or use their website or the services made available on or via it to interrupt, damage, disable, flood or impair this website, or to interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of it. You may not use this website or its services or features in violation of any third party’s intellectual property or other proprietary or legal right, or of any applicable law. You may not attempt to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt or otherwise alter or interfere with this website.
This website is intended for use only by persons located in the United States and in compliance with state and federal laws. You may not use this site from outside the United States. The materials on this site may not be appropriate for any location outside of the United States and the products, services, and information on this site apply only to the United States. Statements on sites intended for locations outside of the United States do not apply to products sold in the United States and should not be relied upon by any purchaser in the United States.
Updates
These terms of use may be periodically updated without notice to you. These terms of use shall apply in the form in which they shall be posted at the time that you shall visit in any instance. You are encouraged to check these terms of use regularly for updates.
Privacy Policy
Beiersdorf takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. Please refer to the Privacy Policy of this website for more information regarding data collection and use.
Additional Features
This website may offer certain special features, functions and activities that may be subject to terms of use, rules or policies in addition to, or in lieu of, these terms of use. Beiersdorf may notify you of the foregoing, but it is your responsibility, before participating in any such event, to read and understand all applicable terms, rules and policies related to it.
In the event that visitors shall be permitted to post comments, testimonials and other content, for any content so posted, you grant Beiersdorf and its affiliates, a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, sell that content, in whole or in part, in any form, media, or technology now known or later devised or perfected. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to any such content that you may be permitted to post; that the content shall be accurate and solely created by you; and that use of that content will not cause offense, injury or damage to any person or entity. You hereby indemnify Beiersdorf and its affiliates, website designers, promotional agencies and representatives from and against all claims, damages, costs, judgments and awards resulting from, or in connection with, any content you post.
Reviews
Beiersdorf may now or in the future offer users of this website the opportunity to create, build, post, upload, display, publish, distribute, transmit, or submit a product review through the website (a “Review”). Subject to the license you grant in these Terms of Use, you retain whatever legally cognizable right, title, and interest that you have in your Review and you remain ultimately responsible for them. Except as otherwise described in this website’s posted Privacy Policy, you agree that: (a) your Review will be treated as non-confidential – regardless of whether you mark it “confidential,” “proprietary,” or the like – and will not be returned; and (b) Beiersdorf does not assume any obligation of any kind to you or any third party with respect to your Review. Upon Beiersdorf’s request, you will furnish it with any documentation necessary to substantiate any claims made by you in a Review and your rights to such content, and to verify your compliance with these terms of use.
You grant to Beiersdorf the non-exclusive, unrestricted, unconditional, unlimited, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, and cost-free right and license to use, copy, record, distribute, reproduce, disclose, sell, re-sell, sublicense (through multiple levels), display, publicly perform, transmit, publish, broadcast, translate, make derivative works of, remove, and otherwise use and exploit in any manner whatsoever, all or any portion of your Review (and derivative works thereof), for any purpose whatsoever in all formats, on or through any means or medium now known or hereafter developed, and with any technology or devices now known or hereafter developed, and to advertise, market, and promote the same. Without limitation, the granted rights include the right to: (a) configure, host, index, cache, archive, store, digitize, compress, optimize, modify, reformat, edit, adapt, publish in searchable format, and remove such Review and combine the same with other materials, and (b) use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any Reviews for any purposes whatsoever, including developing, producing, and marketing products and/or services.
In order to further effect the rights and license that you grant to Beiersdorf to your Review, you also hereby grant to Beiersdorf, and agree to grant to Beiersdorf, the unconditional, perpetual, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, persona, image, voice, and other likeness in connection with any Review, without any obligation or remuneration to you. Except as prohibited by law, you hereby waive, and you agree to waive, any moral rights (including attribution and integrity) that you may have in any Review, even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
You understand that you will not receive any fees, sums, consideration, or remuneration for any of the rights granted in this section.
By submitting a review, you acknowledge that Beiersdorf may use and reshare your review in accordance with these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property
This website, the NIVEA, Eucerin, Aquaphor brands and trademarks and other brands and marks of Beiersdorf and its affiliates, as well as their respective product names and trade dress are protected from unauthorized use by applicable law. You are not granted any right to use, and may not use, any of Beiersdorf’s copyrights, trademarks, patents or other intellectual property; however, you may download material from this website solely for personal, private, non-commercial use by you. No part of this website, including, without limitation, the text, designs, graphics, photographs and images contained in it, may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, re-posted, modified, transmitted, distributed or otherwise used in any way for any non-personal, public or commercial purpose without the prior written consent of Beiersdorf.
Products
Beiersdorf attempts to be accurate in its product descriptions. However, Beiersdorf does not warrant that any product descriptions or other content on this website is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error free. The appearances of colors and other product characteristics may vary depending on the monitor you use and other technical factors. If the description of a product offered by Beiersdorf via this website is not materially accurate, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Authorized Dealers
This website is an official website of Beiersdorf for the United States of America, its territories and possessions. To help ensure quality control, Beiersdorf products are sold at retail exclusively by authorized retailers. A number of our authorized retailers also maintain websites that are authorized to sell Beiersdorf products. This website may contain links to websites maintained by certain authorized retailers. If you obtain Beiersdorf products from any source other than from an authorized retailer, you do so at your own risk, and any Beiersdorf product guarantee may be void to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Suggestions
Beiersdorf welcomes your suggestions, ideas and other submissions about the website, its content and our products. If you believe that you have a proprietary right to any such information or you want to assert any proprietary right in it, without use by Beiersdorf, please do not submit it to this website or show it to Beiersdorf by any other means. If you want to send Beiersdorf any such material, you represent and warrant that it is original to you, that no other party has any rights to it, and that any “moral rights” in that material have been waived. You grant Beiersdorf and its affiliates a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, sell and what you have sent, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology now known or later devised or perfected.
Limitations on Use
Use of this website is intended solely for informational purposes. This website is not intended to provide medical information or advice. If you believe that you have a medical condition or medical need that relates to, or could be affected by, the use of any Beiersdorf product or service, consult your health-care provider prior to use.
Beiersdorf uses reasonable efforts to include only accurate and up-to-date information on this website; however, Beiersdorf makes no representations or warranties about any information provided by or through this website by Beiersdorf or any other party and assumes no liability for any errors or omissions. Beiersdorf reserves the right to change the information included in, and content of, this website, including these terms of use, without prior notice.
This website may contain hyperlinks or references to websites from other providers which Beiersdorf has no control and to which these Terms do not extend (“Linked Sites”). These links are provided merely as a convenience. Beiersdorf is not aware of the content of third-party websites and assumes no warranty or liability for any illegal content or other legal infringements on third-party websites. Every care was taken in the compilation and validation of the information contained on this website. Nevertheless, Beiersdorf cannot assume any responsibility for its topicality, accuracy, completeness and/or quality.
Beiersdorf has no responsibility for the content, products, services, advertising, code or other materials that you may access via any Linked Sites. Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship by Beiersdorf or its affiliates of whatever you may find on Linked Sites or via their use, access or perception. If you visit any Linked Site, you may be subject to the terms of use, privacy policies and other use documentation of those Linked Sites. The use of Linked Sites may be subject to laws and regulations inapplicable to this website in whole or part. You should investigate thoroughly the legal documentation posted on any Linked Sites prior to use of it.
If you wish to link from any other website to this website, you must first obtain our prior written consent, which may subsequently be withdrawn by Beiersdorf at any time and for any reason. Your link must open in a new browser window or tab and link to the full version of the website. You are not permitted to use any linking method by which content on this website may be displaced on another website (a practice sometimes referred to as “in-line” linking). You may not link from any other website to this website in any manner such that this website, or any page of it, is “framed,” by any third-party material. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing any Beiersdorf trademark or other intellectual property without the express written consent of Beiersdorf. Any unauthorized use automatically terminates the permission to link granted by Beiersdorf.
Limitations of Liability
BEIERSDORF AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, ANY LINKED SITE OR OTHER WEBSITE ACCESSED THROUGH IT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THIS WEBSITE IS MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS,” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BEIERSDORF DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED SITES OR OTHER WEBSITES ACCESSED THROUGH IT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR FEATURES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS THEREFORE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Disputes
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these terms of use and any dispute of any kind that might arise between you and Beiersdorf related to them and your use of this website, including, without limitation, product purchases. Unless prohibited by applicable law, any such dispute shall only be adjudicated in any state or federal court in Fairfield County, Connecticut, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in those courts.
Contact Us
Consumer Realtions
Beiersdorf Inc.
45 Danbury Road
Wilton, CT 06897
Tel: 1-800-227-4703
Email: consumerrelations@bdfusa.com
1-800-227-4703
Monday - Friday, 9:30AM - 4:30PM ET
Last Updated: August 2019
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS
Tanning
SPF 8 Lotion
Kids Clear
SPF 50 Clear Sparkle Lotion
Kids
SPF 50 Tear Free Lotion
INTERESTING TIPS FOR YOU
Tanning
UV INDEX
Read more
Tanning
Why Do You Need Sunscreen?
Read more
Tanning
Fun Facts
Read more
Tanning
Science and Testing
Read more
Tanning
Sun-Smart Tools
Sun smart tools
Read more
Tanning
What is SPF?
Read more