http://www.woodwitch.com/information/privacy_statement.htm
Organize your jewelry and keep it tangle-free
Order Online or Toll-free: 1-877-877-5982
Quality WoodworkingMade in U.S.A.
Contact Us
Online Order Page |
Mail/Fax Order Form
|
Ordering Information/Help
Wood and Color Samples |
Shipping Information
Home |
About Woodwitch |
Useful Links |
Site Map
Shopping Cart/Checkout
Privacy Statement
We do not share any customer contact information with third parties.
Woodwitch has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Woodwitch Earring and Necklace Holders.
Our site contains an order form which you may mail or fax to us to request information and products. We also accept orders and requests for information over the phone. Additionally, we collect your contact information when you send us an e-mail or request to be added to our mailing list.
Your customer contact information is used to send your orders and information about our company or products.  Your contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary.  You may receive future mail or e-mail communications from us regarding our products.
We do not share any customer contact information with third parties.
You have the following options for removing your information from our database if you decide you do not want to receive future communications from us or to change the information you previously provided.
You can send email to
.
You can mail us your request:  4263 Canoga Avenue, Woodland Hills, CA  91364
You can call the following telephone number: 1-877-877-5982
This site contains links to other sites.  Woodwitch Earring and Necklace Holders is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those web sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:  Pamela Stefanowicz, Woodwitch Earring and Necklace Holders, 4263 Canoga Avenue, Woodland Hills, California, 91364.
Woodwitch Earring and Necklace Holders
4263 Canoga Avenue, Woodland Hills, California 91364 USA
Telephone:  (818) 992-5112
E-mail:
Website:  http://www.woodwitch.com
Toll-Free Tel. No.:  1-877-877-5982
(9:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. PST, 7 days a week)
Satisfaction GuaranteedCopyright © 1998-2018
WoodwitchAll Rights Reserved
Privacy StatementThis page updated January 2014
Shopping Cart/Checkout
Earring Holders  |
24-Peg, Double-Decker Necklace Holders
15-Peg Single-Tier Holders  |
9-Peg Single-Tier Holders  |
Wood and Color Samples
Online Order Page  |
Mail/Fax Order Form  |
Shipping  |
Ordering Information/Help
Home  |
About Woodwitch  |
Useful Links  |
Site Map