https://www.irishcelticjewels.com/privacy-policy.htm
Skip to content
FREE shipping to USA, Canada, UK
Search for:
Engagement Rings
Wedding Rings
Wedding Rings
Ladies Wedding Rings
Gents Wedding Rings
Jewelry
Claddagh Rings
Celtic Rings
Celtic Pendants
Celtic Cross Pendants
Celtic Earrings
Silver Celtic Jewelry
Mother’s Pendants
Tara’s Diary
Crystals
All Crystals
Crystal Beads
Crystal Bracelets
Crystal Pendants
Crystal Earrings
Security
Security is our number one priority for our customers. All transactions are made on a secure server (https), which will encrypt and protect your information. This is guaranteed by the green lock icon located in the browser address bar.
Credit card numbers provided through our e-commerce facility are processed in an encrypted form (using SSL 128-bit encryption). This provides a high level of security protection for our customers.
We do not take your credit card details on our domain.We do not store any credit card details. All credit card details are entered on the payment gateway page. Our payment gateway: Global Payments are experts in taking payments and have very high security measures in place to ensure the protection of your details.
Data Protection Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for IrishCelticJewels.com. We are committed to protecting your privacy and encourage you to periodically review this page to be informed of how we protect the information you disclose to us.
We maintain appropriate security standards and procedures in relation to the collection, use and retention of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure. Your information is disclosed only to our employees, agents and representatives where absolutely necessary e.g. in order to ship your order to you by Fedex, we need to send Fedex your shipping address.
We do not collect any sensitive data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Acts we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please send an email to leighm@IrishCelticJewels.com.
Important notice: We will never ask you to send your credit card details by email. Nor will we ever send you an email with a link to a payment page. If you receive such an email, please do not click on the link to enter your credit card details, and please contact us to let us know.
If you believe that IrishCelticJewels.com is not abiding by our posted privacy policy, please email us at leighm@IrishCelticJewels.com.
Orders
We request information from the user on our order form when making a purchase. Here is where a user must provide their contact information, like name and shipping address, and financial information, like credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer’s order. If we have difficulty processing an order, this contact information is used to communicate with the customer.
We do store some of your personal data like your name, email, and billing and shipping address. We do NOT collect or save your credit card data.
Email Marketing
If a user wishes to subscribe to our catalog, newsletter etc., we ask for contact information such as name, and email address to provide these communications. Because we respect our users’ privacy, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Data
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires us to hold their data, we provide a way to correct, update or delete that user’s personally identifiable information provided to us. To make any changes to your personal data, please email us: leighm@IrishCelticJewels.com
Cookies
By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Our website collects data from you when you browse our website. This cookie policy provides you with the necessary information about our use of cookies as required by the European Communities Regulations 2011.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse and also allows us to improve the functionality of our site.
A cookie is a small file that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer, if you agree.
We use the following cookies on IrishCelticJewels.com:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable the use of our shopping cart.
Analytical and performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
You can choose to block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Third-Party Links
Our website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Newsletter & Special Offers
Sign-up now for a discount and a BONUS gift offer!
Sign Up
Bridal
Celtic Engagement Rings
Celtic Wedding Rings
Ladies Wedding Rings
Gents Wedding Rings
Jewelry
Claddagh Rings
Celtic Rings
Celtic Cross Pendants
Celtic Pendants
Celtic Earrings
Claddagh Mothers' Pendants
Silver Celtic Jewelry
Tara's Diary Charms
Crystal
Learning Center
Gold
Silver
Platinum
Diamonds
FAQ's
Customer Service
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Terms & Conditions
Customer Comments
Our Blog
ShareShareShareMail