http://www.giardino.it/help/privacy.php
Il meglio del Made in Italy
ITALIANO
LOGIN
CART
Empty cart0
CLIENTS
HELP
CONTACTS
HELP
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
FIDELITY DISCOUNT
Gold
Help
HOW TO ORDER
HOW TO PAY
SHIPPING
WARRANTY
RETURNS
REPAIR
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
COLLECTED DATA
COOKIES
Mailing list
CONTACTS
<< Home
Privacy
Giardino Italiano pays the best attention to privacy and security of our customers.
All data are collected and saved as
UE 679/2016 law (GDPR).
Collecting your personal data for invoice and shipping.
You can browse as you want in Giardino Italiano website, you won't be asked for registration or other info.
You can also begin doing shopping, and put items in your shopping cart for having the total amount calculated, with the shipping costs, without any registration needed.
Your essential data will be requested only when you're going to send us your order. We'll keep your data as follows.
At ordering, we need the following data to accept your order. If not provided, we can't process your order.
your name and address for making our invoice
consignee's name and complete address - if different from yours - including his/her phone number for any urgent needs during the delivery
your email address - to which we'll send your order confirmation and all the messages about shipping or processing (timing, tracking, etc)
When you send the order, the system will get your IP address and will point it out in your automatic confirmation - for your and our security.
Your data: storing, modifying, cancelling.
Your data are protected by GDPR 679/2019. You can ask for information, correction and deleting of your data. You can also deny our use of them (excluding, of course, the order processing needs) just sending us an email message, or by mail to this address:
Giardino.it S.r.l.
Via Noto, 10
20141 Milano
Italy
giardino @ giardino.it
Your personal data will be used only by Giardino Italiano, exclusively for:
1. shipping, invoicing and payment activities regarding your order;
2. promotional purposes, sending you our commercial proposals by email, or our printed catalog, only if you'll specifically agree.
We don't not share, rent or sell your email address or other information with outside parties, excluding Postal Service and Carriers for shipping activities, and administration office for fiscal purpose. Handling and shipping of advertising and newsletters, by mail or by email, are completely made within our office.
The holder of data treatment is Giardino.it srl, Via Noto 10, Milano, Italy.
Outside companies which we must transmit your data to, for shipments:
Poste Italiane - please read their privacy policy at this link. Contact info: Poste Italiane SpA,
viale Europa 190, Roma, Italy; email: centroserviziprivacy@posteitaliane.it
UPS - United Parcel Service Inc; please read their privacy policy
at this link. Contact info: UPS Corporate Headquarters, Global Privacy Manager, 55 Glenlake Parkway, NE, Atlanta, GA 30328, United States.
FedEx - please read their privacy policy at this link. Contact info: FedEx Corporation, Legal Department, 1000 Ridgeway Loop Road, Ste 600, Memphis, TN 38120, United States of America; email: dataprivacy@fedex.com.
Qapla' - please read their privacy policy at this link. Contact info: Qapla' srl, Via Borgo Sarchiani 85, 50026 San Casciano in Val di Pesa (FI), Italy; e-mail privacy@qapla.it.
Right of access to personal data and other rights
You have the right to obtain the confirmation of the existence or not of personal data relating you, including data not yet registered. Such data shall be delivered in an intelligible manner (GDPR, art. 15 and following).
You also have the right to be advised of the following:
a) origin of personal data;
b) data processing and procedures;
c) the logic applied in case of processing carried out with the aid of electronic instruments;
d) the identification data of the Holder, Person in charge and Representative designated;
e) entities or groups of entities to whom the personal data may be communicated or whom otherwise might have access to these data themselves in the capacity as Representative in Italy, Persons in charge or Data Processors.
You also have the right to:
a) update, rectify, when necessary, and integrate your personal data;
b) delete, transform into an anonymous format or obtain the access to data processed illicitly, including data not requiring storage for the purposes for which they were originally collected and subsequently processed;
c) have a certification that the operations as described in letters a) and b) have been reported to those entities to whom the data had been forwarded or disseminated except in those instances when it would be impossible or would entail the use of resources and other means manifestly disproportionate to the protection of the individual's personal right.
And finally you have the right to oppose, in whole or in part:
a) to the processing of personal data, even if pertinent to the collection aim, for legitimate motivations;
b) to the processing of personal data for purposes of advertising/sales or performance of market surveys or advertising campaigns;
Security
Online orders
Buying online with credit cards is easy and safe. In fact, the payment process is a direct dialog between you ands our Bank, or Paypal, and Giardino Italiano receives just the result.
Fax or mail orders
However, you can even decide to place your order by fax or by mail. In this case, your data handling is made exclusively by hand in our offices, and your data will be kept in a safe place.
Help
Contacts
How to order
How to pay
Shipping
Warranty
Returns
Privacy
SIGN UP FOR OUR MAILING LIST
Be the first to learn about news, special offers and promotions:
EMAIL
NAME
LAST NAME
PENS
WATCHES
LEATHER GOODS
BIJOUX
ACCESSORIES
I read and accept your Privacy policy
GIARDINO.IT s.r.l. - Milano, Italy -tel. +39 02 5397256 - Shipping Dept: Via Noto, 10 - 20141 Milano, Italy - Tel. +39 0287189839
P.IVA: 13323900152 - CCIAA R.E.A. 1640493 - cap. soc. 10.000 €
Giardino Italiano® and Pens.it® are registered marks of Giardino.it srl. Reproduction and use of images and texts without authorization is prohibited. Copyright © 1996-2020 Giardino Italiano