https://www.susansoaps.com/privacy-policy/
FREE SHIPPING ORDERS OVER $60
QUESTIONS? 972-452-8965 M-F 9-5 CST
Home / Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 26, 2020
Susan’s Soaps & More
(“us”, “we”, or “our”)
operates https://www.susansoaps.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and
improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this policy.
Who we are
Our website address is https://www.susansoaps.com.
We are located at 10753 County Rd 4038, Scurry, Texas and owned by Susan Svec.
You can contact us by email at mail@susansoaps.com or by phone at 972-452-8965.
The privacy and security of information you provide to the Site are of utmost importance to us. This policy clarifies what information the Site keeps and how it may be utilized.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the Site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We have a contact form for our prospective wholesale customers to fill out in order to review whether or not to set them up as a wholesale customer.
We also have a sign-up form for our newsletter that captures your name and email address only to allow you to receive our newsletter.
There is also an opt-in box on the check out form where you can choose to subscribe to our newsletter.
We use A-Weber for our newsletter email services.
Reviews
We utilize a plugin called Customer Reviews  that might send you an email after your purchase with an invitation to review your order.
If you decide to do so you should receive another email with coupon code to use on your next order.
Cookies
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect
information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not
be able to use some portions of our Site.
If you leave a comment on our Site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We have installed Google Analytics on our website, which tracks website visitors’ browsing activities. Information collected includes a visitor’s browser, operating system, and location. The data retention period for data collected through Google Analytics is currently set for 38 months.
You can read more about how Google uses the data it collects at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We do not use Google AdSense or Google Adwords (both of which would track users) on our website or other websites. We also do not use the UserID capabilities of Google Analytics and do not attempt to connect any Google Analytics information to our database.
Who we share your data with
When you make a purchase through our Site, you provide us with the information necessary to deliver the products and/or services to you. Credit card information is not collected by the Site; payments by credit card or Paypal are completed through a secure, external service.
In addition when making a purchase from our online store you agree to let us send you a reminder email asking you to publish a review about our store and/or the products you purchased.
If you sign up for our newsletter then that information is shared with Klaviyo our newsletter mailing service.
We also will ask if you wish to subscribe to follow up emails from our Site.
In addition, Klaviyo will track products that you view and may send you automated emails depending on your behavior on our site.
At times we may need to give access either to our website or our accounting program to our developers or tech support.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this Site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access
personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal
information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise
this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we
are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have
with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to
pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your
information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the
United States.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Our contact information
If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy you may reach us at:
Susan’s Soaps & More
PO Box 189
Scurry, Texas 75158
Email:
mail@susansoaps.com
Phone:
972-452-8965
Additional information
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 10, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at
any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued
use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on
this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your
consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
How we protect your data
The security of your Personal Information is important to us,
but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
CartProduct categoriesBody & Face
Natural Face Care
Natural Skin Care
Body Wash & Liquid Shampoo
Gifts
Natural Handmade Soap
Natural Lavender Soap Bars
Natural Soap for Men
Natural Unscented Soap Bars
Natural Shampoo
Dog Shampoo
Subscriptions
Search the Site
Search for:
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok