https://www.burnetts-struth.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site www.burnetts-struth.com including any information you may provide through our site when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a prize draw or competition.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Burnett's & Struth Scottish Regalia  are the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
CONTACT DETAILS
Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: Burnett's & Struth Scottish RegaliaEmail address: sales@burnetts-struth.comPostal address: Lochcarron of Scotland, Waverley Mill, Rogers Road, Selkirk, TD7 5DXTelephone number: 705 728 3232
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at sales@burnetts-struth.com
2. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, maiden name, last name, username, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data may include your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data may include details about payments between us and other details of purchases made by you.
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data may include your username and password, purchases or orders, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
SENSITIVE DATA
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you;
enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please see our cookie policy at www.burnetts-struth.com/cookie-policy/ for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties: Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, MailChimp
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
advertising networks such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram based outside the EU; and
search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as PayPal based outside the EU.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us at sales@burnetts-struth.com
PURPOSES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please email us at sales@burnetts-struth.com if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
if you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences OR by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or OR by emailing us at sales@burnetts-struth.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us at sales@burnetts-struth.com.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
Other companies in our group who provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at sales@burnetts-struth.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
11. COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see www.burnetts-struth.com/cookie-policy/
×
OK