https://www.golfcards.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsGeneral terms and conditions of business and delivery1. ScopeThese General Terms and Conditions shall apply to contracts between Golf Card GmbH, Golf Fee Card International, hereinafter called GFC, and the subscribers of the Golf Fee Card® without credit card functions, hereinafter called Golf Fee Card®, concerning GFC's services.GFC shall only provide supplies and services in accordance with these terms and conditions. In addition, the special conditions specified in the order form shall also apply. The subscribers are familiar with the terms and conditions and explicitly agree on them; the terms and conditions also become a component of the contract.The Golf Fee Card® may be obtained from GFC worldwide.2. Description of contractual relationshipOrdering a Golf Fee Card® is a binding offer. GFC may accept this offer itself or via a service company by sending a confirmation within 7 days.GFC or a service company will supervise and manage subscription agreements according to these terms and conditions.3. Supplies and servicesThe Golf Fee Card® is supplied regularly as soon as the subscriber has ordered it.GFC or the service company shall transport and send the Golf Fee Card® by international post.4. Subscriber's obligationsThe subscriber shall accept the Golf Fee Card® for the contractual period and pay the agreed subscription amount.5. Subscription feeThe subscriber shall pay the agreed subscription fee for the Golf Fee Card® /-Partner card in advance; the relevant amount shall be specified in the agreement.The subscription fees shall be in accordance with the applicable GFC fees. GFC shall adjust the subscription fees if this is necessary due to an increase in the costs of distribution, salary, printing and/or paper. A fee increase is not a justified reason for extraordinary cancellations.Irrespective of any other claims, GFC may charge interest of 5% above the base rate if payment is delayed (Section 288 (1) German Civil Code).6. Contract duration and terminationInitially, the contract shall be valid for the minimum period described in the quote. It is not possible to cancel it during the agreed minimum subscription period. The cancellation period for the end of the minimum subscription period is set out in the order form. After the end of each minimum subscription period, the contract is extended for an indefinite period (a minimum of 12 months). Each contractual party may then cancel the agreement with a notice period of three months for the end of the subscription period.Provided that, after the cancellation of the membership the Golf Fee Card/Golf Fee Partner Card is still valid beyond the expiry date, the return of the Golf Fee Card/Golf Fee Partner Card is required. The expiration of a membership can only be accepted after the return of the valid Golf Fee Card/Golf Fee Partner Card. In case of no return of the valid Golf Fee Card/Golf Fee Partner Card, the Golf Card GmbH reserves the rights to charge the membership fee for an additional year.Both parties' right to cancel the contract for significant reasons, even without a notice period, shall remain unaffected. Significant reasons are delayed payment and a party's breach of the material obligations agreed in this contract, which continues in spite of a reminder setting out a reasonable period for longer than the set period.Cancellations shall always be in writing by registered letter or fax to the relevant address.7. Data protectionThe subscriber agrees that his or her data may be processed automatically. GFC shall observe the material conditions for processing personal data.The subscriber authorises GFC to transfer addresses and changes to addresses to a commissioned service company for the fulfilment of the contract.Detailed information on how we handle personal data can be found in our privacy policy.8. Other provisionsThe subscriber shall immediately inform the responsible office in writing of any changes that might affect the provision of services (e. g. changes to the home address for delivery) or the contractual relationship (name changes). Any changes to or cancellations of subscription agreements must be in writing. Adjustments to prices shall not be affected by this form requirement.German law shall apply to all legal relations of the parties.The parties agree that Ludwigshafen shall be the jurisdiction for all legal disputes from this contract to the extent that they are legally effective.