https://www.soundchoice.com/policies/
Your browser does not support iframes. XTerms Of Use  •  Privacy PolicyPhoenix Entertainment Partners, LLC Terms of Use for the website soundchoice.comKaraoke tracks purchased from this website are for commercial use by professional karaoke hosts only and you must have a Public Performance License, which also gives you professional discounts. If you are a home user you may visit www.soundchoicedownloads.com to purchase Sound Choice® karaoke tracks for your personal, non-commercial home use. IntroductionThe website www.soundchoice.com (hereafter the “Website”) is the property of Phoenix Entertainment Partners, LLC, d/b/a Sound Choice® (hereafter, “Phoenix”) whose contact information is:16011-A Lancaster Hwy #187 Charlotte, NC  28277 Phone:  704-588-7778 Email: customercare@phxep.comThis is an Agreement between you and Phoenix that governs your use of the Website and any karaoke tracks (hereafter “Tracks” or “Content”) you download from the Website.  This Agreement – together with all updates, licenses, additional terms and all of Phoenix’s rules and policies – collectively constitute the Agreement between you and Phoenix. EligibilityThe Website and Content are only available for individuals aged 18 years or older.  If you have not reached the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside, please review this Agreement with your parent or guardian.  By creating an account (hereafter “Account”) and downloading Content, you represent and warrant that you are aged 18 years or older, and that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Any use of this website by an individual under 18 years old is unauthorized and not licensed. Acceptance of TermsBy accessing this Website and/or purchasing products from Phoenix, you agree to all terms and conditions listed herein without exception.  If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, do not use the Website or purchase our products. Please review this agreement periodically as we may modify these Terms of Use at any time.   Your continued use of this Website after any modification signifies your acceptance of any and all changes.For other accessible services from the Website, you are subjected to the general conditions of the external provider who manages them. Copyrights, Trademarks and Other Proprietary RightsThe use of this Website does not grant you any other rights than those specifically listed herein; all other rights are reserved.All contents of the Website are subject to the appropriate intellectual property laws including those controlling copyright, trademark or other. You may use the content you purchase from this website in a commercial karaoke show, provided you also have purchased a Public Performance License from Phoenix. You must keep all copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices or marks intact. You may not reproduce or copy any content, images, or text obtained from this Website, or copy or reproduce any tracks purchased from the Website YOU AGREE NOT TO PUBLISH, ALTER, MODIFY, SELL, DISTRIBUTE, TRANSMIT, BROADCAST, CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS FROM, OR EDIT ANY CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE OR KARAOKE TRACKS PURCHASED FROM THE WEBSITE WITHOUT THE EXPRESSED WRITTEN PERMISSION OF PHOENIX AND/OR ANY APPROPRIATE THIRD PARTIES. YOU MAY NOT USE ANY INDIVIDUAL SONG TITLE IN MORE THAN ONE LOCATION SIMULTANEOUSLY, unless you have purchased additional copies of that title for each separate karaoke system.  Any copyright or trademark infringement will result in a termination of services and possible legal action. You further agree to indemnify and hold harmless Phoenix for your failure to comply with this section. Registration, Customer Accounts, and Use of WebsiteIn order to download Content from the Website you must first register for a customer account.  You are responsible for maintaining your Account information confidentiality, including your password, and for all activity that occurs in your Account.  You agree to notify Phoenix immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account or password. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Phoenix or any other user of the Website due to someone else using your Account or password.  You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website or use anyone else’s password or Account at any time. Your customer Account will be terminated if you attempt to do so, assist others in making such attempts, or distribute instructions, software or tools for that purpose.  You agree to provide us with current, complete and accurate information about you and your billing information as required. You may not use any automatic device, algorithm, methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, monitor, probe, copy or test any portion of the Website or any Content.  You may not reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Website to obtain or attempt to obtain any Content, materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Website. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes a disproportionately or unreasonable large load on the infrastructure of the Website or any of the systems or networks comprising or connected to the Website.You also agree that Phoenix may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to you, terminate your access to the Website and your Account for any reason, including without limitation:attempts to gain unauthorized access to the Website or assistance to others’ attempting to do soovercoming software security features limiting use of or protecting any Contentdiscontinuance or material modification of the Website or any service offered on or through the Websiteviolations of this Terms of Usefailure to pay for purchasessuspected or actual copyright or trademark infringementunexpected operational difficultiesrequests by law enforcement or other government agenciesYou agree that Phoenix will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Website. Privacy PolicyWhile using our website and ordering products, Phoenix might collect personal information about you.  Our Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated as a part of this Agreement. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more information.      7.  Agreement to PayYou agree to pay for all products you purchase through this Website, and that Phoenix may charge your credit card or PayPal account for any products purchased, and for any additional amounts (including any taxes) as may be accrued by or in connection with your purchase. You are responsible for providing Phoenix with valid credit card or PayPal information.During the ordering process and until payment, you can cancel or modify your order and the payment is done online after the validation of the order either directly by credit card or by PayPal.When you submit your credit card or PayPal information for an order the information is NOT stored on our website, but it goes directly to our payment processor, including your credit card number and payment information. The information is encrypted, and we cannot see the details of your credit card or PayPal account.Phoenix has the right to change prices and availability of any product at any time.Your use of the Website includes the ability to make purchases and enter into agreements.  You acknowledge that your electronic submissions constitute your agreement and intent to be bound by and to pay for such agreements and purchases.  Your agreement and intent to be bound by electronic submissions applies to all records relating to all transactions you enter into on the Website, including notices of cancellation, policies, contracts, and applications.        8. Refunds and Returns PolicyDue to the special digitized nature of our products and the ease with which they can be copied, refunds will not be given.  If it is proven that there was a delivery problem due to our computer system’s failure then we will work with you to make sure you receive all products you have purchased. Limited LicensePhoenix grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and make use of the Website and of the Content, for your commercial karaoke show(s) and for your personal, non-commercial use only, in accordance with the conditions and terms of this Agreement.  You agree and acknowledge that the Content is licensed, not sold, to you, and you agree and acknowledge that the download of Content shall not constitute a grant or waiver of any rights of the copyrights or trademarks by the owners in such Content and the underlying musical compositions embodied therein. Any use of the Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited and may lead to your rights to access the Content, and/or your account, being suspended or terminated by Phoenix. All rights not expressly granted by this Agreement are reserved. Digital Delivery (Downloading)The Website supplies karaoke tracks which are downloadable in MP4 and MP3+G file formats. Use your personal login and password to access the download area. The download link is valid until the download is recorded and finished and will remain available for 24 hours from the time of the first confirmation of purchase. Customers who fail to download purchases within this time period will be required to re-order at the prices set out in our current price list. Phoenix cannot offer support for any third party platforms or software. Objectionable MaterialYou understand that you may come across Content that you may consider to be vulgar, indecent, offensive or otherwise objectionable.  This Content may or may not be identified as having explicit language. Your use of the Website and the Tracks is at your sole risk and Phoenix shall not be liable to you for Content that you may find to be vulgar, indecent, offensive or otherwise objectionable. However, Content that might be considered to be offensive according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) will be marked with a “Parental Advisory” label. Account CancellationPhoenix may inactivate, without notice, your account in case of violation by you of these Terms of Use or nonpayment by you of the amount due, or other acts against Phoenix’s interests.If you wish to cancel your account, please contact us using the email or phone number in Section 1, “Introduction”. DISCLAIMERSYou agree and expressly acknowledge that your use of the Website and the Content is at your sole risk and that Phoenix makes no warranty, guarantee or representation that your use of the Website and the Content will be uninterrupted or error-free. You also agree that the Website may be temporarily unavailable from time to time due to technical problems, maintenance or for other reasons. Phoenix may remove the Website or some of the Content for indefinite periods of time, or may disable access to the Website and the Content at any time, without liability and without giving advanced notice.The Website, Content and materials made available to you are provided by Phoenix “as available” and “as is”.  Phoenix disclaims any and all implied warranties, terms, conditions and representations with respect to the Website and the Content including, but not limited to, all expressed or implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose and the quality of the sound recordings to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Phoenix reserves the right to change, modify or discontinue any or all content and/or services of the Website with or without notice and without liability to you or any other parties. Phoenix makes no guarantee, representation or warranty that the Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion, and Phoenix disclaims any liability relating thereto.  Phoenix shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any loss or damages to your devices or hardware. You are solely responsible for backing up your own system.Phoenix will not be bound by, and specifically objects to, any term, condition or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of the Phoenix Terms of Use between Phoenix and you (whether or not it would materially alter such Phoenix Terms of Use) and which is submitted in any order, receipt, acceptance, confirmation, correspondence or otherwise, unless Phoenix specifically agrees to such provision in a written instrument signed by Phoenix. Third Party WebsitesPhoenix does not control websites on the internet outside of specific websites which Phoenix operates. We may provide links to other sites which have content, navigation, or policies beyond our control.  Inclusion of a link is not an endorsement or recommendation of the site. You acknowledge that Phoenix is not responsible for the content of third party sites and understand that we make no claims as to the quality or legality of any such site and hereby waive any claim you might have in regard to such. Applicable LawThis Agreement and any dispute arising thereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of North Carolina, USA. You agree that any litigation arising out of these terms of service or your use of this Website shall be filed only in North Carolina, USA. IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify and hold Phoenix, and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, contractors, and licensors harmless from and against any claim, loss, liability, damages, costs and expenses arising out of or in connection with (a) your breach of this Agreement; (b) any violation by you of any law or rights of a third party; or (c) any action taken by Phoenix as part of its investigation of a suspected violation of this Agreement or as a result of its finding or decision that a violation of this Agreement has occurred. Limitation on LiabilityPHOENIX, AND THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,  AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND CONTRACTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE OR CONTENT OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, OR MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.  PHOENIX’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR THE APPLICABLE CONTENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW SUCH LIMITATION ON LIABILITY, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Severability and WaiverIf any provision of this Agreement is held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable under applicable law or illegal, such part shall be excluded from this Agreement and the remaining parts of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.The failure by Phoenix to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of its right to subsequently exercise or enforce such right or provision or any other provision of this Agreement. Electronic Communications by EmailYour acceptance of this Agreement means that you consent to receive communications from Phoenix electronically.  Phoenix may from time to time send you email updates about the services or notices about changes to this Agreement. You agree that all these emails, updates and other communications that Phoenix provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.By establishing an Account with us, and each time you make a purchase through our Website, you grant permission for Phoenix to contact you at your email address. To stop receiving our marketing emails follow the opt-out procedures set forth in every marketing email or contact us using the email address or phone number in Section 1 above, “Introduction” or by using our “Contact Us” form on this website. Customer SupportYou may contact us with any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, complaints or other information by using the email address or phone number in Section 1 above, “Introduction”, or by using our “Contact Us” form on this website. Entire AgreementThis Agreement, including Phoenix’s Privacy Policy, and all additional terms or instructions published on the Website represent the entire understanding between you and Phoenix concerning your rights and obligations as to the use of the Website and Content. To the extent that there is any conflict between additional terms or instructions published on the Website and this Agreement, then the additional terms or instructions published on the Website shall prevail. Changes to this AgreementAt any time and in its sole discretion Phoenix may revise, change, update or otherwise modify any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.  You acknowledge and agree that Phoenix may impose new or additional policies, rules, terms or conditions on your use of the Website and Content at any time. You hereby agree that a change notice sent to you by email or the posting on the website with a change notice or of a modified Agreement is considered sufficient notice. All such changes shall take effect immediately. Your continued use of the Website and Content after such changes shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of any and all such changes. If you do not agree to abide by these new terms, do not continue to use the Website or Content. It is your responsibility to regularly check the Website to determine if there have been changes to these terms and to review such changes. Terms of Use last updated: 08/12/2019Privacy PolicyWe take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.We collect and store information you provide us through our websites, including when you create an account, place an order, request new production of a song, or call us or email us with a question.  This information includes things like your name, your mailing address, your email address, your phone number, your driver’s license number, credit application information (including your social security number), and information about your personal interests and preferences.  It also includes information you give us about other people and entities, such as when you purchase a new license on behalf of a corporate entity.We may also receive information about you from other sources, such as credit reporting agencies in connection with a credit application, or payment authorizations from your bank when you use a credit card.Some of the information we collect is collected automatically, such as when our websites track your activities online through cookies, sessions, and other mechanisms. We also routinely collect IP addresses to ensure that our systems remain secure against malicious users and attempted fraud.We use the information we collect to fulfill orders and requests for products and information; marketing our products and services; communicating with you regarding discounts and promotions; and operating, evaluating and improving our business practices and procedures. We also share some of the information you submit with third parties when necessary to complete the purpose of your visit or to comply with the law or legal process.   For example, your credit card or PayPal payment information goes directly to our payment processor to authorize charges at your request.If you are a licensee of ours, we may share certain basic information about you with the general public through our Licensee Directory. We will remove any or all of your information from our Licensee Directory upon your request. Simply contact Customer Care to have the information removed.We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties for any purpose.We retain your information for as long as it is needed to provide you with services, to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.We use reasonable security measures to protect your personal information while it is under our control. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide us, and you do so at your own risk.You can choose to stop receiving marketing or promotional emails, direct mail, or phone solicitations from us at any time by notifying us through the procedures specified in the email or direct mail or by notifying a representative via telephone or via email to customercare@phxep.com. You can also request that we delete all information collected from you from our records; however, please understand that while we intend to honor all such requests to the extent we can legally do so, we may not be able to delete information if it is relevant to any lawsuit, if it is needed to protect our rights and interests, or for other reasons.We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Our websites are principally directed to adults only.We may, from time to time, link to other websites that may have privacy policies that differ from this policy.  Please review the privacy policy for the site you are viewing.We may update this privacy policy from time to time by updating this page.If you have any questions, please use our contact us page to get in touch. Privacy policy last updated:  10/21/2019It looks like you are trying to access this website outside of the United States
or Canada.  SoundChoice.com is not currently available in your area.  As we
expand to other countries, we’d be glad to let you know when our karaoke
accompaniment tracks will be available to you.  Just fill out the form below
and we will send you a one-time email letting you know when you can access
this website.We will not spam your email account, ever.
We will only use your email
address one time to let you know when this website is available in your
country.
Your Email (required)
Country (required)
× This website is for professional KJs and Venues.
If you already have an account please log into your account. If you do not have an account please register here.For more information, click here.Wordpress Social Share Plugin
powered by Ultimatelysocial Sign in
Email or Username
Password
Show
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password? Username*
First name*
Last name
Email*
Password
Show
I agree with the Terms
Create account
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password. Email or Username
Back to login close