https://www.ssinstruction.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
SSINSTRUCTION.COM ILS™ WEBSITE REFUND POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
Welcome to the SSINSTRUCTION.COM website.  By accessing, browsing or using our websites, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Use (the “Terms”) and all terms and conditions incorporated by reference.  Please review these Terms carefully before using the website and information provided by SSi. Inc. (hereinafter, “SSi”).  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OUR WEBSITES.
SSi may, without notice to you, at any time amend these Terms and any other information contained on this website.  The latest Terms will be posted on our websites, and you should review the Terms prior to using the website.  Your continued use of the websites after any changes to these Terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Cancellation/Refund Policy
We want you to be satisfied with your online training purchase from SSi. During the first 15 days of using our product, if you are not satisfied we will issue a full refund. However no refunds will be issued if you have completed the course and received your Certificate of Completion.
If technical problem causes you to not properly access the online course we only ask that you allow us to first attempt to resolve this problem for you so you can experience our product before you decide to cancel. For technical assistance contact support@ssinstruction.com or call us at (480) 699-3743 x3
Refund requests must be sent to services@ssinstruction.com or call us at 480-699-3743. All refunds will be processed within 10 business days of the refund request.
Terms of Use
1. Content Program Agreement
By accessing the website, you are participating in our Content Program Agreement (“Agreement”) contains the complete terms and conditions that govern participation in the Content Program (the, “Program”).
As used in this Agreement, the terms “we,” “us,” “our”, SSINSTRUCTION.COM, or “Company” means, SSi, and the terms “you” or “your,” means the participant or user.
Program participation requires acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Definitions. Throughout this Agreement, capitalized terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in quotes. In addition, the following definitions apply:
“Software” means SSINSTRUCTION.COM interactive Learning System (iLS™) with the current functionality provided by SSi. It also includes any accompanying instructions, documentation, technical data, images, interactive courseware, and other related materials.
“Access” means log in ability view training programs, recordkeeping data input, storing, or displaying information from the iLS™ software server site on a single device.
“Product” means the accessible Software product and its documentation as viewed from the iLS™ software server.
“License” means the Software license grant and general license terms set forth herein.
“Terms of Use” means any and all prohibitions and restrictions on Use, including any activities engaged in by way of SSi’s server.
“Term of Agreement” means the period from the date a subscription is purchased to the date of termination by either the user or SSi
“Subscriber” means the individual or entity who purchases the subscription under this Agreement, (i) subscribes to the Services directly using a Link and through such Link, successfully registers and becomes a paying member (i.e., with valid and accurate name, address, email address, and payment information); (ii) does not cancel his/her subscription within the time permitted to do so; (iii) does not obtain a refund for such subscription
“Participant” or “User” means Subscriber and any entity or individual who uses the Software through Subscriber’s subscription.
“This Agreement” means this entire Software Subscription and License Agreement.
“Upgrade” means a new release of the Product that includes a substantial new facility or capability.
“Copyright” also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds of works.
“The Service” refers to this website, all other websites accessible through the SSINSTRUCTION.COM domain and any processes and content accessible on them as the SSi may offer, modify, or amend, from time-to-time.
“Licensees” and “recipients” may be individuals or organizations. Each licensee is addressed as “you”.
“The Providers” are the copyright holders, developers, hosts or agents of the service.
“Advertising” or “Advertisements” means any and all banner advertisements, text links, or other solicitations provided by SSi to you to promote the Services and/or which contain a Link to the Site.
“Link” means a SSi-provided embedded graphic, icon, or text, containing a unique hypertext pointer to the URL address for the SSi Site embedded in an Advertisement, and which identifies the number of consumers that become Subscribers as a direct result of an Advertisement.
“Site” means a SSi website located at www.SSINSTRUCTION.COM, and/or any other additional, substitute or successor Site that may be designated.
“Your Site” means any website(s) and any software application(s) that you link to the SSi Site.
SSi Contact information is 480-699-3743 Ext 3, Email: support@ssinstruction.com; US Postal: 7320 N La Cholla Blvd #154-192, Tucson, AZ 85741.
User and Subscriber access to web support is via log-in to 24/7 knowledgebase or http://www.ssinstruction.com/support
Immediate response from Support will include a Ticket Number that will be used to track the issue to complete resolution.
2. Security
All administrative access to the Services shall be controlled by user names and passwords requested by the User. The User is solely responsible for the security of the user names and passwords issued.
Prior notification and delivery of Releases, Updates, Upgrades, and related Documentation, as SSi may from time to time make available.
3. Service Levels
Except as otherwise provided, SSi will use commercially reasonable efforts under the circumstances to remedy any interruptions, omissions, mistakes, accidents, or errors in the Services (hereinafter “Defects”) and restore the Services substantially in accordance with the Technical Standards. If the Services fail to substantially conform to the Technical Standards over a continuous period of thirty (30) days, and after written notice to SSi of such nonconformity, CLIENT may terminate Services. SSi’s records and data shall be the basis for all service level calculations and determinations.
4. Possible Copyright & Trademark Infringements
Much of the content on the site is Content generated and we cannot possibly monitor every submission for copyright and trademark infringement.
If you find a possible violation of copyright, please notify us via the contact information above.
Please include the following information:
Your name and contact information
Your relationship to the copyright or trademark holder
The URLs of the pages containing the possible violation
A statement detailing the scope and basis of the copyright or trademark
5. Disclaimer of Warranty
THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT DISPLAYED ON, OR CONTAINED BY THE SERVICE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE PROVIDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE SERVICE “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY USE OF THE SERVICE OR IT’S CONTENT IS WITH YOU.
WE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM OR ANY PRODUCTS SOLD OR SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF FITNESS, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, DEALING, OR TRADE USAGE).
WE MAY DISCONTINUE PROVIDING, OR MAY CHANGE THE NATURE OR FUNCTIONS OF, THE SERVICES OR ANY FEATURES, AT ANY TIME.
WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL CONTINUE TO BE PROVIDED, WILL FUNCTION AS DESCRIBED, OR WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ACCURATE, ERROR FREE, OR FREE OF HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR (a) ANY ERRORS, INACCURACIES, OR SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS; OR (b) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF, OR DELETION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF, YOUR APPLICATION OR ANY DATA, IMAGES, TEXT, OR OTHER INFORMATION OR CONTENT.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE API, SSi CONTENT, OR THE SSi SITE, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. FURTHER,
6. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY OF THE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE SERVICE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SERVICES), EVEN IF SUCH PROVIDER OR OTHER PARTICIPANT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
We will not be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages (or any loss of revenue, profits, or data) arising in connection with this Agreement or the Program, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Further, our total liability to you hereunder will not exceed the total Commission Fees paid or payable to you under this Agreement. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COMPENSATION, REIMBURSEMENT, OR DAMAGES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH (a) ANY LOSS OF PROSPECTIVE PROFITS OR REVENUE, ANTICIPATED SALES, GOODWILL, OR OTHER BENEFITS, (b) ANY INVESTMENTS, EXPENDITURES, OR COMMITMENTS BY YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE API OR SSi CONTENT, OR (c) ANY TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
7. Interpretation of Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms, reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the Service.
8. Description of The Content Program.
The purpose of the Program is to permit you to advertise and promote the SSi’s Services on your Site and to earn Commission Fees for Subscriptions made by end users. In order to facilitate your advertisement of the Services, we may make available to you Advertisements, data, images, text, link formats, widgets, links and other linking tools, and other information in connection with the Program (“Content”). All Content is the SSi’s Intellectual Property. To enroll in the Program, you must complete and submit an accurate Content application (“Application”)
We will evaluate your Application and will notify you of your acceptance or rejection. We reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to accept or reject your Application for any, or no reason, whatsoever.
You will ensure that the information in your Application, including your contact information, is complete and accurate. Upon Acceptance to the Program, you will ensure that your email address, and other contact and account information, is kept up-to-date at all times. You hereby give us permission to email or otherwise communicate with you regarding any matters relating to the Program and to this Agreement. You agree that we or our representatives may store, use and process your contact data in connection with this Program, including, but not limited to, account administration, maintenance and support activities, and payment.
9. Term and Termination.
The “Term” of this Agreement will commence upon our Acceptance of your Application and will end when terminated by either participant upon written email notice to the other participant. Upon termination of this Agreement, a Content must immediately cease serving Advertisements. No Commission Fees shall be due with respect to Subscribers who register after the date of the notice of termination. We reserve the right to withhold your final payment for a reasonable period of time as necessary to calculate properly any amount due to you. Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights and obligations of you or us under this Agreement will be extinguished, except for those rights and obligations that either by their express terms survive or that are otherwise necessary for the enforcement of this Agreement.
10. Content Program Rules.
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and solely for the limited purposes of advertising the SSi’s Services on, and directing end users to, the SSi Site in connection with the Program. The foregoing license will immediately and automatically terminate upon termination of this Agreement, or earlier, if you are in breach of any provision herein. Upon termination or revocation of your license, you will promptly remove from your Site and delete or otherwise destroy all of the Content and other SSi Intellectual Property.
You will (i) only use Content to send end users to the SSi Site in order to procure Subscriptions for the SSi’s Services, and will not link any Content to, or direct traffic to, any page of a Site other than the SSi Site; and (ii) link each use of the Content solely to the SSi Site.
You will not add to, delete from, modify, make derivative works of, or otherwise alter any Content in any way, including by adding additional information, except that you may resize Content consisting of a graphic image in a manner that maintains the original proportions of the image.
You will not sell, resell, redistribute, sublicense, or transfer any Content or any application that uses, incorporates, or displays any Content. For example, you will not use, or enable or facilitate the use of, Content on or within any application, platform, Site, or service (including social networking sites) that requires you to sublicense or otherwise give any rights in or to any Content to any other person or entity, nor will you display such links on a Site that is not your Site.
You will promptly remove from your Site and delete or otherwise destroy any Content that is no longer displayed on the SSi Site or that we notify you is no longer available for your use.
You will not use any Content, including any name or likeness embodied in that Content, in a manner that implies a person’s or SSi’s endorsement or sponsorship of, or commercial tie-in or other association with, any product, service, participant, or cause (including by placing unrelated third participant materials in close proximity to Content), except for that Content which is owned by the Subscriber under the Content Program.
With respect to ‘Electronic Communications’ (i.e., email messages and text messages), you may not (i) generate or use Electronic Communication using or containing SSi IP, or any variation or misspelling thereof, or other Content provided to you as part of the Program; (ii) send any other Electronic Communication that in any way suggests, implies, misleads or is likely to mislead (including without limitation, via the return address, subject heading, header information or message contents) a recipient into believing that the SSi or any related entity was the sender or sponsor of such Electronic Communication or procured or induced you to send such Electronic Communication; (iii) forward, redistribute, or otherwise repurpose any Electronic Communication that we send to our Contents, affiliates and/or customers; and (iv) generate or send any unsolicited Electronic Communication (spam) under this Agreement. You will act in compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations, including without limitation, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (“CAN-SPAM”), and you agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless us and our related entities from and against any claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses, including without limitation, attorneys’ fees and costs of litigation, incurred by us or our related entities arising out of or in connection with your violation of any of the terms or prohibitions contained in this Agreement or any law, rule or regulation.
You are solely responsible for the development, operation, and maintenance of your Site, and for all materials that appear on your Site. For example, you are solely responsible for: (i) the technical operation of your Site and for all related equipment; (ii) creating and posting the descriptions of the Services on your Site and linking those descriptions to the SSi Site; (iii) the accuracy and appropriateness of materials posted on your Site; (iv) ensuring that materials posted on your Site do not violate or infringe upon any of our intellectual property rights or those of any third participant (including, for example, copyrights, trademarks, privacy, or other personal or proprietary rights); (v) ensuring that materials posted on your Site are not libelous or otherwise illegal; (vi) ensuring that you link to the SSi Site in the format specified by us; (vii) clearly disclosing on your Site how you collect, use, store, and disclose data collected from visitors, including, where applicable, that third parties (including us and other advertisers) may serve content and advertisements, collect information directly from visitors, and place or recognize cookies on visitors’ browsers. You will not take any action that could reasonably cause any customer confusion as to our relationship with you.
You will not attempt to intercept or redirect (including via software installed on users’ computers) traffic from or on, or divert advertising fees from, any Site that participates in the Program.
You will not cloak, hide, spoof, or otherwise obscure the URL of your Site containing Links (including by use of a redirecting page) such that we cannot reasonably determine the site from which a customer clicks through such Link to the SSi Site. No employee of SSi or any member of the family of an employee of the SSi may be a Content or benefit, directly or indirectly, from any Commission Fee payable hereunder.
11. Permitted Promotions.
You are permitted to promote SSi and the Services only through approved Links directly to the SSi Site. All promotional activities undertaken by you to promote the SSi’s Services will be made in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations including, without limitation, the CAN SPAM Act of 2003 or any successor legislation and/or other laws and/or regulations that govern online and Electronic Communications, marketing, advertising and/or communications. With respect to Electronic Communications, you represent and warrant that (a) all recipients will be permission-based subscribers; (b) you will not involve SSi in deceptive or misleading advertising or trade practices, or violations of privacy laws, (c) all Electronic Communications will accurately identify you as the initiator of the communication in the ‘from’ line, and (d) your mailing domain is publicly registered. You are not allowed to register for the Services on behalf of any third participant. You are only permitted to link third parties to the SSi Site, and any and all information pertaining to such third parties, shall be the sole and exclusive property of SSi.
12. Indemnification.
You acknowledge that by entering into this Agreement, we do not assume and should not be exposed to the business and operational risks associated with your business, or any aspects of the operation or content of your Site. Accordingly, in addition to any other indemnification obligations contained in this Agreement, you shall protect, defend, hold harmless and indemnify us and our related entities from and against any and all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses, even if such claims are groundless, fraudulent or false (including court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred as a result of claims of customers or other third parties against us and our licensors, officers, directors, employees and agents arising from or connected with any of the content or activities of your Site and your business (including without limitation any activities or aspects thereof or commerce conducted thereon) or related business, or your misuse, unauthorized modification or unauthorized use of the services or materials provided by us hereunder.
13. Publicity.
You cannot create, publish, distribute, make or permit any public announcement of this Agreement or the relationship contemplated hereunder, (including, but not limited to, any press release, client list, screen shot, advertisement or any promotional material) without receiving our express written approval.
14. Modification.
We may modify any term or condition of this Agreement, at any time and in our sole discretion, by posting a change notice or a new agreement on the SSi Site. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO YOU, YOUR ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT AND NO LONGER ACCESS THE WEBSITE. YOUR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE OR NEW AGREEMENT ON THE SSI SITE AND/OR SENDING YOU THE CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE.
15. Representations.
Each participant represents to the other that it has the authority to enter into this Agreement and sufficient rights to grant any licenses granted hereby. You further represent that: (a) the contents of your Site does not and will not (i) infringe on our or any third participant’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right or right of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iii) contain defamatory or libelous material; (iv) contain lewd, pornographic or obscene material; (v) violate any laws regarding unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising; (vi) promote violence or contain hate speech; or (vii) contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines; and (b) you have and will continue to comply with a privacy policy that is prominently displayed on your Site and in conformity with applicable national and international privacy laws.
16. Independent Investigation.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WE MAY AT ANY TIME (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) SOLICIT CUSTOMER COMMISSIONS ON TERMS THAT MAY DIFFER FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR OPERATE WEB SITES THAT ARE SIMILAR TO OR COMPETE WITH YOUR WEB SITE. YOU HAVE INDEPENDENTLY EVALUATED THE DESIRABILITY OF PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM AND ARE NOT RELYING ON ANY REPRESENTATION, GUARANTEE, OR STATEMENT OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
17. API License
If applicable, you agree to access and use the SSi application programming interface (“API”), solely in accordance with the terms and conditions. The API includes any API key(s) used to access the API.
Pursuant to the foregoing, SSi grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sub-licensable, non-transferable license to (a) access and use the API to receive certain data transmitted through the API (collectively, “SSi Content”); (b) display the SSi Content on your website; and (c) reproduce and display the SSi name and logo (“SSi Marks”) solely to identify SSi in connection with your use of the API (“API License”). The SSi Content may include, but is not limited to, images, text, and other information and content relating to, and about, SSi’s products and services. The foregoing license will immediately and automatically terminate if at any time you do not timely comply with any obligation under this Agreement. Upon any termination, you will immediately stop using the API, and promptly remove from your application and delete or otherwise destroy, all SSi Content.
By accessing and original proportions of the image or truncate SSi Content consisting of text in a manner that does not materially alter the meaning of the text or cause the text to become factually incorrect, misleading, or contrary to any law. You shall append your tracking code to the link you retrieve via the API and agree to the following terms and conditions:
You will use SSi Content only (a) in a lawful manner; (b) in accordance with the terms of this API License; and (b) to send end users to, and drive subscription subscriptions on, the SSi Site.
You will link each use of SSi Content only to the relevant page of the SSi Site. You will not copy the mobile app nor resemble the look and feel of the mobile app. You will not add to, delete from, or otherwise alter any SSi Content in any way, except that you may resize SSi Content consisting of a graphic image in a manner that maintains the original proportions.
You will promptly remove from your application and delete or otherwise destroy any SSi Content that is no longer displayed on the SSi Site or that we notify you is no longer available for your use. You will refresh the SSi Content at least every thirty (30) days.
You will not, and will not attempt to, modify, alter, tamper with, repair, or otherwise create derivative works of the SSi Content, or reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise derive any source code of or relating to the API.
You will not, without our express prior written approval, sell, resell, redistribute, sublicense, or transfer any SSi Content or any application that utilizes the API or API keys.
You will not install, access or use the API for any purpose not granted and will not distribute the API key.
You agree to provide us with any information that we request to verify your compliance with this API License. You agree to provide us with a user account to your website so we can verify your compliance with this Agreement if requested. You hereby consent to us monitoring, crawling, or otherwise investigating your application to verify compliance with this Agreement.
You accept that we may in our sole discretion, but have no duty to, provide you with any support in relation to the API.
In addition to any other rights or remedies available to us, we may terminate this API License if we determine that you or other persons that we determine are affiliated with you or acting in concert with you (whether in respect to any existing or previously terminated account), have not complied with any requirement or restriction described in this API License or have otherwise violated this License Agreement or appear likely to do so.
18. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Arizona, without reference to rules governing choice of laws. Any action relating to this Agreement must be brought in the federal or state courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona, and you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. You may not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Our failure to enforce your strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provision of this Agreement. Each participant shall act as an independent contractor and shall have no authority to obligate or bind the other in any respect. The provisions of this Agreement are independent of and separable from each other, and no provision shall be affected or rendered invalid or unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part. Violation of any of the terms or prohibitions contained in this Agreement may result in, among other things, (a) the immediate termination of this Agreement; (b) the withholding of Commission Fees due to you; or (c) the commencement of an action by us against you seeking, without limitation, injunctive relief, recovery of actual, statutory or punitive damages.
19. Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information about visitors and/or users of our Services. We may collect this information either directly when you provide it to us or automatically as you navigate through the Websites or App.
(a) Personally Identifiable Information. ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ refers to information by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, email address, or school. We will collect and process such data about you when you register for a Service/create an account, subscribe to a newsletter, submit feedback, enter a contest, fill out a survey, or send us a communication. When ordering products or services on the Websites or App, you may also be asked to provide a credit card number and other payment-related information. You may also provide information to be published or displayed (“posted”) on public areas of the Websites (such as blogs, forums, message boards, and the like), or transmitted to other users of the Websites using ‘sharing’ features (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Websites with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
We may also collect your Internet Protocol (‘IP’) address. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our Services and to gather demographic information.
We do not collect more Personally Identifiable Information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity on the Websites. If you are a school and you use a SSINSTRUCTION.COM service within the United States for children under the age of 13, you are responsible for obtaining consent from the parents/legal guardians of each child you wish to allow to participate in using any of our Services. Once enrolled a child using our Services will be able to participate in certain activities such as taking online educational and informational courses.
(b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We may collect, or our third participant ad server and/or content server may collect, certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information, that does not by itself identify a specific individual. Such information tells us about your equipment, browsing actions, the resources that you access and use through the Services, your operating system and browser type. Our third participant ad servers will provide us with summary, but not individual, reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon at our Websites. The information that we collect automatically is ‘statistical’ in nature. It helps us to deliver a better and more personalized service to users, by enabling us to estimate usage patterns, customize our Services according to your individual preferences, and speed up your searches.
(c) Device Information. When you download our App and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and the operating system version, so we know the best application version to provide you with. We do not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our App or Services.
20. Where We Store Data
All data created or transmitted by the User is stored on SSi servers; SSi manages its own virtualized server environment utilizing VMware™. SSi servers are located at a SSINSTRUCTION.COM facility which may be transferred to, and stored at, an enterprise-grade data centers positioned in Chicago or Northern Virginia. It may also be processed by staff operating in remote location who work for us or for one of our service providers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. SSINSTRUCTION.COM will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
21. Disaster Recovery
As used in the Agreement, the term “disaster recovery” covers any action taken to restore normal site operations whenever service is interrupted due to destruction of or massive failure in any part of the server room environment or throughout any part of the System.  This usually means the replacement of damaged Equipment, possible rewiring of the server room communication lines, and restoration of the database. SSi will perform disaster recovery work within the terms and conditions of the Agreement only if the disaster is at the SSi server location.
22. How We Use Your Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
If you pay for Services using a credit card, we will transmit your credit card data to the appropriate credit card company and/or credit card payment processing company
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to our Services
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information
If you are a customer, we will only contact you by email or SMS with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
23. Disclosure of Your Information
We will share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, trade, rent or disclose your information to others, except as provided herein:
We provide some of our Services through contractual arrangements with service providers and other third parties. We and our service Contents use your Personally Identifiable Information to operate our Websites and to deliver Services. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on our Websites; release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered; and provide order information to third parties that help us deliver the services.
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in the following circumstances: (i) if it is required by law enforcement or judicial authorities, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation; (ii) if we have a good faith belief that we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process; (iii) to protect the rights, reputation, property or safety of SSINSTRUCTION.COM or others; (iv) to defend or enforce our rights or your obligations; (v) if the disclosure is required by mandatory professional standards; (vi) to a 3rd participant with your prior consent to do so; or (vii) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personally Identifiable Information in order to enforce or apply, or any contracts or agreement that may exist between you and SSINSTRUCTION.COM including this Privacy Policy and our Website Use Policy. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
In the event that SSINSTRUCTION.COM decides to sell all or part of its stock or assets or enter into a merger, we reserve the right to include Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information among the assets transferred to the acquiring or surviving company.
We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our customers’ sales, traffic patterns, and related Website information to third participant advertisers.
For a list of 3rd participant trackers and the information that may be shared with or collected by such 3rd parties, please click here: SSINSTRUCTION.COM 3rd parties
If you have any inquiries regarding our privacy practices, please contact us directly at Services@SSINSTRUCTION.COM.
24. Privacy Policy
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and email address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, the email addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, the email addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name, address and telephone number.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate change respecting the Website.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
From time to time, we may use User information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
We may use third-participant advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies go here: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
25. Notice to Certain Residents Regarding Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of certain states and have provided us with Personally Identifiable Information, your State law may give you the right to request and receive from us, once per calendar year, information as to how we have shared your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If applicable, such information would include a list of names and addresses of all third parties with whom such information was shared during the prior calendar year as well as a list of the categories of Personally Identifiable Information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to Services@SSINSTRUCTION.COM and include the phrase “Privacy Request” in the subject line. Your request must also include your name, physical mailing address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.
Note, that we will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their marketing purposes without obtaining your prior consent. Moreover, if you have granted us permission, such third parties’ use of your Personally Identifiable Information will be subject to their privacy policies. You should contact those entities directly regarding any communications you may receive from them, including, if you later decide that you no longer want that third participant to use your personal information.
26. Changes to This Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page (with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the home pages of the Websites). If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account and through a notice on the home pages of the Websites. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Your continued use of the Services after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
27. Updating, Correcting or Deleting Your Personally Identifying Information
You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information online by logging into your account in accordance with instructions posted elsewhere on our Websites.
You may also access, request deletion, and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by emailing or writing to us at the above addresses.
Because we keep track of past transactions for as long as is reasonably necessary, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on this Website. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your information without some residual information because of backups.
If you would like to cancel your subscription and access, you can also contact your sales representatives or contact support@SSINSTRUCTION.COM. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
28. Choices Regarding Control of Your Personally Identifiable Information
You can access some of the information that we collect about you. For example, by logging in to your account, you can access information regarding recent orders from the Websites; Personally Identifiable Information; communication preferences; and payment settings.
With respect to your communications preferences, you can unsubscribe from newsletters by following the instructions included in the newsletter you receive or you can log into your account and update your newsletter and email subscription options. If your email address has changed and you would like to continue to receive newsletters, you will need to access your account and update your email address information in your account and sign-up again for the newsletter. Occasionally we may send out emails concerning website disruptions.
If you indicated upon registration that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us and our Contents, we may occasionally send you direct mail about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only SSINSTRUCTION.COM (or agents working on behalf of us and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings, and only if you did not later ‘opt-out’ of such offers.
We do not send unsolicited commercial emails (“spam”). We offer commercial email recipients the opportunity to opt-out of further communications in every email. Please note that we may not include the opt-out information in non-commercial Service emails (i.e., emails concerning your order, the Website Terms of Service, etc.).
29. Information Related to Data Collected Through the SSINSTRUCTION.COM Platform Service
For certain services SSINSTRUCTION.COM collects information under the direction of its clients (e.g., an entity that subscribes to the Services for use by the entity’s personnel). In this respect, SSINSTRUCTION.COM acts as a data processor and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personally Identifiable Information it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his or her query to the relevant SSINSTRUCTION.COM client (the data controller). If the client makes a request to us to remove the data, we will respond to their request within 30 days.
SSINSTRUCTION.COM will retain Personally Identifiable Information we process on behalf of our clients for as long as needed to provide our services to our client. We will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
30. Data Security
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
To make online purchases you must use an SSL-enabled browser in order to protect the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it is transmitted over the Internet.
Access by you to your account is available through a password and/or unique user name selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone, that you change your password often using a combination of letters and numbers, and that you ensure you use a secure web browser. We cannot be held accountable for activity that results from your own neglect to safeguard the secrecy of your password and user name. If you share a computer with anyone, you should always log out of your account after you are finished, in order to prevent access to your information from subsequent users of that computer.
Please notify us as soon as possible if your user name or password is compromised via the contact information above.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Website cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or any third participant for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third participant.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personally Identifiable Information in our control may have been compromised, we will notify you as promptly as possible under the circumstances. To the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please email us at the above address with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
31. Cookies and Other Technologies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer or mobile device (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us.
When you use our Websites we may use cookies and other technologies in order to facilitate and customize your use of our Services. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
Our cookies store randomly assigned user identification numbers, the country where you are located, and your first name to welcome you back to our Websites. The cookies make your use of the Websites easier, make the Websites run more smoothly, and save your logged-in state so that you do not have to log in each time that you visit the Websites.
The use of cookies by our Contents, affiliates, and service providers, is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.
You also have choices with respect to cookies, as described below. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies some parts of our Websites may not work properly in your case.
You can disable and/or delete all types of cookies by using your browser settings. Cookies are generally easy to disable and/or delete but how you do so varies from browser to browser. The “help” function within your browser should tell you how to do it. The best way may be to close your browser and then search for “cookie folder” or “cookie manager” or simply “cookie”. Please also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for more information about cookies and how to disable them. If you do disable cookies, our Websites will not recognize you and you may not have access to all portions of the Websites.
What are clear gifs? Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the full-stop or period at the end of this sentence.
We may Content with third participant ad networks to manage our advertising on other sites. As part of their service, they may use cookies and clear gifs. We will not provide any third-participant ad server with any of your Personally Identifiable Information or information about your purchases. We and our third participant ad server will collect and use your IP address and certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information about you, such as your browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated with your server and whether you responded to a particular advertisement. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
What is a Flash cookie? Local storage objects, also known as “Flash cookies”, are similar in function to browser cookies in that they store some information about you or your activities on our Websites. We use Flash cookies in certain situations where we use Flash to provide some content such as video clips or animation. The options within your browser may not prevent the setting of Flash cookies. To manage Flash cookies please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
32. Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the App, the events that occur within the App, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the App was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any Personally Identifiable Information you submit within the App.
33. Links to Third Participant Web Sites and Advertisers
Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Our Websites may contain hyperlinks to other third-participant web sites, which may collect and disclose information in a manner that is different from our Websites. We are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these third-participant web sites, and we expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure. We recommend that you read the privacy policies of the other web sites you visit. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our Websites may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
34. Communities, Forums, Chat Rooms, And Message Boards
If you choose to disclose Personally Identifiable Information on communities, message boards, forums, and the like, which may be accessible via the Websites, you should be aware that such information, along with any information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties. You acknowledge and accept that any submissions to chat rooms or other public areas on the Websites are accessible to all third parties. If you do not want your comments to be viewed by third parties, you are advised not to make any submissions. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for all activity conducted by you via communities, forums, message boards, chat rooms, etc. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
35. Social Media Features
Our Websites may include Social Media Features, such as the Add This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting on our Websites, and may set cookies to enable the features to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third participant or hosted directly on our Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
36. How Do You Contact Us with Questions?
If you have any questions about this Site, Program or Privacy Policy, the practices of or your dealings with our Websites, please contact us by emailing or sending a letter to the addresses above.