https://www.aboriginal-art-australia.com/artlandish-help-department/
Skip to content
10 Papuana St, Kununurra, WA, Australiaart@artlandish.com
1300 362 551
Your cart: $0.000
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Login
Home Browse Artworks byArtworks On Sale Just Arrived Central & Western Desert Kimberley Art Artworks Under $500 Artworks $500 to $1000 Artworks $1000 to $2000 Artworks $2000 to $5000 Artworks over $5000 Top End Art Bush / Medicine Leaves Collectors Corner Artefacts & Gift Cards
Browse by Artist Contact InfoAbout Wishlist Art LibraryStory of Aboriginal Art Western Desert Art Aboriginal Art Styles Aboriginal Dot Art Aboriginal Dreamtime Rainbow Serpent Art & Culture Medicine Leaves Art Investing in Aboriginal Art Aboriginal Art Facts Symbolism in Indigenous Art Aboriginal Ceremonial Dancing Aboriginal Body Painting Aboriginal Dreaming 2017 Essay ContestEssay Contest EntriesBailey Molenkamp Essay
More InfoBlog Help Dept. Buying safely online Layaway Options My Account Money Back Guarantee Shipping Information Pay Later
How do I add to the shopping cart?
You can add to the shopping cart basket directly from the detailed page of a product. Next to the main image of every product there is a button titled “add to cart”.
How do I know my item has been added to the shopping cart?
Once you have clicked on the “add to cart” button to place the item in your shopping cart basket, your page will be redirected to the checkout. You can also locate your basket at the top of the page on the right. Your items will be listed in the basket, you can also edit them further from here.
How do I check the shipping cost on my items?
All artworks and artifacts ordered online come with free worldwide shipping. You do not need to add any additional monies for Shipping or shipping insurance.
How do I know my order has been received?
Once an order is received by the store administration, you will receive an order confirmation email to the address you entered during the sites secure checkout.
My order never arrived
Please contact us via the “contact us” page if your order has not been received within the time stated on the shipping information page.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Please contact us via the “contact us” page if your order is incomplete or incorrect.
How do I create an account?
Go to My Account and register. Once you have created the account, you can use this for future purchases where the items you place in your basket will be remembered even if you leave this online store and come back later.
I forgot my password
To reset your password please click here.
What are my payment choices?
Payment options will be listed on the secure checkout. We currently accept Visa, Mastercard and American Express credit cards as well as Money orders, Direct Bank Deposit, and Paypal. If you wish to pay via cheque, please contact us to organise in advance.
Privacy Policy
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. This site collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Security
This shopping cart has 128bit Secure Socket Layer protection, the highest level protection for internet sales. For more information go to our “Buying Safely online page“.
I have a question on my charges.
Please contact us via the “contact us” page if you have any questions regarding your order.
I need a copy of my receipt/invoice
If your invoice receipt has not been received, please contact us via the “contact us” page to have one sent directly to you.
How do I find my product?
There are three ways to find the item you are looking for. 1) Browse through the different artwork categories. 2) Use the search tool at the top of all the pages to find the artwork through keywords. 3) Browse by artist using the drop down box found at the top of the home page and also in the sidebar of many pages.
How do I contact you?
You can contact us via the “contact us” page located in the storefront.