http://www.jekkasherbfarm.com/pages/jekkas-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
About the farm
About us
Our story
Our history
In the press
Our awards
Jekka's gardens
At the farm
Available at Jekka's
Jekka’s Herbetum
Herb experiences
Open days
Find us
The team
The family
Careers at Jekka's
Friends of Jekka's
Online shop
Gifts
Online shop
Books
For the home
For the garden
Food & drink
Gift card
Jekka's gifts boxes
Herb seeds
All seeds
Basil seeds
For children
Jekka's kits
Jekka's top seeds
Seed collections
Veg seeds
Herb plants
All plants
For children
Herb boxes
Large herb plants
Looking good herb list
Online enquiry form
Open day coupons
Professional services
Contract grow
Garden design
Experiences
At the farm
Jekka’s Herbetum
Open days
Jekka's HerbFest
Group & private tours
Berkeley Castle joint visit
Events calendar
Master classes
All master classes
Art
Food
Garden
Friends of Jekka's
Master class gift voucher
Food & drink
Supper club
Herb based catering
Herb-based recipes
Discovery days
Team days
Herbetum tour
Venue hire
All about herbs
Jekka's tips
How to grow herbs
Climate change
Guide to soil
Jekka's blog
Jekka's videos
Herb-based recipes
Popular herbs
Herb families
Lavender
Mint
Oregano
Rosemary
Thyme
By use
Culinary
Herbal infusions
Medicinal
Pollinators
UK natives
By lifecycle
Annuals
Biennials
Evergreens
Perennials
Jekkapedia
Wishlist
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?When a customer account is created, the personal information collected by our website includes: name, address, email and password. This can be easily accessed via ‘my account page.’ Our website does not store any payment details.
Orders are downloaded by Shopify and information such as delivery and invoice addresses are only used to process and dispatch orders.
Purchase history is stored for our annual customers to ensure we can provide future assistance with growing advice.  If a customer has not placed an order within 3 years then all their data is deleted from our database and website.
Our website is linked to Google Analytics.  This software has tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page. This information just provides us with information about our audience.
How do we collect information?When you place an order and conduct a transaction on our website, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address as part of the process.  Your personal information will be only be used in conjunction with your order.
How do we store information?Our website and database are hosted on a secure server behind a firewall.  Appropriate technical and organisational security measures are in place with a documented security programme that specifies the technical, administrative and physical safeguards for personal data. Our organisation has a documented privacy and security incident response plan.
Online Payments:Payments are processed by Shopify, we do not have access to customers payment or banking details, nor do we store this information. Shopify and our company adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Payments over the phone:If payments are taken over the phone, information is processed directly into the cardnet terminal and a copy of the receipt is attached to the invoice which is then sent to the customer.
How do we communicate with youCustomers sign up to our newsletter via a form on our website. Their name and email address are stored in mailchimp and they have easy access to this data.  An unsubscribe button is attached to all of our newsletters.
Customers and account holders are not added to our newsletter subscription, they are required to sign up to this independently.
We do not share any customer data with a third party nor do we obtain data from a third party.
Sign up to our Newsletter
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"