http://www.winterbrookfarmantiques.com/privacy.php?osCsid=56e243a128ff58afc75f5ec25d90742c
Good products at good prices with prompt deliveries and fast friendly service.
Currency:   US Dollar
Shopping Cart:  Items in your cart - 0
Home Page
Shopping Cart
My Account
Checkout
Contact Us
Search
Categories
Simichrome Polish->   Wenol Metal Polish   Horse Hair Detail Brush   Microfiber Cloths   Flags: OPEN/Message->   Reproduction Hardware->   Estate Goods
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Material Data Sheets Contact Us
Privacy Notice
When you place an order with Winter Brook Farm Antiques,
we will need to know your name, e-mail address,
shipping address, phone number, credit card number
and expiration date. This enables us to process and
ship your order and also to notify you of your order status.
On-line orders are sent to us over a secure server.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology encrypts your
information that is sent to us. In addition, we
restrict access to and maintain electronic, physical
and procedural safeguards to protect your
information. We do not and will not sell, rent or
trade your personal information.
If you chose to opt
into our newsletter you may receive periodic updates
from us as to new items, special sales or other
newsworthy events of interest. We may from time to time,
notify you of important news about products you have
purchased from us - we will provide clear and quick ways
to unsubscribe to these notices. If you choose to unsubscribe
to these we will immediatly take you off our notification list.
We hate spam and in no way intend to add useless mail to
our customers mailboxes if seen as useless information.
By using our site you consent to the above policies.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here for you
to review. We may have links to other sites on our
web pages. Please review their privacy policies if you
leave our site. We may, if required, disclose your information to
comply with law enforcement officials, to enforce or
apply our conditions of use and other agreements or
to safeguard the rights, property or safety of our
web site, our users and others.
Continue
Reviews
OPEN Flag - Reads Correctly Both Sides 3' X 5' Item 2SOP
We received the flag on Monday and had it flying at our stor ..
$19.95
Details
To Cart
Home Page
|
Shopping Cart
|
My Account
|
Checkout
|
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 Winter Brook Farm Antiques.