https://www.tackledirect.com/privacypolicy.html
Home > TackleDirect Privacy & SecurityTackleDirect Privacy & Security
1. SECURITY ASSURANCE
2. SMS/TEXT PROGRAM
3. CHOICE / OPT-OUT
4. CORRECT / UPDATE
5. HOW TO CONTACT US
CONFIDENTIALITY
TackleDirect has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for TackleDirect.TackleDirect is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase "personal information" means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information. This policy applies only to customers in the United States.As a part of our commitment to your privacy, TackleDirect supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's "Privacy Promise to American Consumers." We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from TackleDirect.Collecting Information About YouThere may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications from us.In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.TackleDirect may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the website through the use of trusted third party partners. These partners may combine your email information with other information they have access to such as a mailing address so that TackleDirect may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail. If you do not want TackleDirect to collect information about you, please contact us to opt out via email, live chat, or by phone.Using Information About YouWe use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about TackleDirect. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our TackleDirect Partners. In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.In the past twelve (12) months, TackleDirect has collected the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), Commercial information, Internet or other similar network activity.To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our TackleDirect Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.In the past twelve (12) months, TackleDirect has disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes: Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), Commercial information, Internet or other similar network activity.Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to TackleDirect or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it.We never sell our visitors’ personal information.Accessing, Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About YouUpon verifiable request, TackleDirect will disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected about you. If you would like to make such a request, please let us know by calling us at 1-888-354-7335, or by sending us an email.We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from TackleDirect or from the TackleDirect Partners please let us know by calling us at 1-888-354-7335, or by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.Upon verifiable request, TackleDirect will delete your personal information (except that which we are required to store for business or legal reasons). If you would like to make such a request, please let us know by calling us at 1-888-354-7335, or by sending us an email.Please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to forty five (45) days for your email or phone request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.Protecting Children TackleDirect takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web sites are general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 without their parent's consent.Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web.CookiesOur web sites use "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers. However, we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services. If you would like to opt out of these services, please contact us.Security We take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.Links to Third Party SitesOur web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information.Policy Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted January 13, 2020.Your Feedback To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may contact us at the information below.
Back to Top
1. SECURITY ASSURANCE
TackleDirect
guarantee's that your credit card information is safe with us! In an effort
to further protect the consumer against fraudulent charges, TackleDirect
offers our customers total security assurance.
Here's how we protect you:
1) First, our site uses the latest in encryption technology, digital certificates,
secure commerce servers and authentication to ensure that your personal
information is secure online. TackleDirect
uses digital certificates from Verisign, Inc., a trusted
third-party Certification Authority (CA). Also known as Digital IDs, these
digital certificates are similar to your driver's license, passport or membership
card in that they prove your identity. Digital IDs are useful in electronic
commerce because they verify the identity of the parties involved. Making
a credit card purchase at TackleDirect
is actually more secure than using your credit card at the
local store or restaurant.
2) TackleDirect uses 128 bit encryption for maximum security for communications
over the Internet. Furthermore, TackleDirect
ensures the privacy of the information not only online, but through our
back-end systems.
According to CNN, "The prevalent opinion...is that on-line credit card use
is actually no riskier for consumers than traditional "low-tech" transactions."
We order products online all the time, both as a company and as individuals.
When we use a credit card to buy something online, we feel at least as safe
as we would using one in a store or restaurant.
Back to Top
2. SMS/TEXT PROGRAM
By participating in the TackleDirect SMS/Text Program (the “SMS Program”), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. Please refer to our Personal Information section to see how TACKLEDIRECT collects and uses your personal information.Authorized Participation: By enrolling in the TackleDirect SMS Program, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older, and are authorized: (a) to enroll the designated mobile phone number in the SMS Program, and (b) to incur any mobile message or data charges that may be incurred by participation in the SMS Program. No purchase is necessary, and your consent to receive SMS and/or MMS messages is not a condition of purchase of any services or products. If you deactivate or change your mobile number, it is your responsibility to notify TACKLEDIRECT at 1-833-643-3082 so your number can be removed.
Cost to Participate: While participation in the SMS Program is free, Message and Data rates may apply. Consult the terms of your mobile plan for details. TACKLEDIRECT is not responsible for any messaging or data charges incurred by participation in the TackleDirect SMS Program. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all mobile devices and other software and equipment, as well as all mobile service, internet service, and other services required to access and use the SMS Program, and you will be responsible for all related charges.
SMS Program Content: TACKLEDIRECT will provide SMS and/or MMS messages and other mobile contacts with member/consumer content, including advertisements, coupons, giveaways, events, and alerts from TACKLEDIRECT along with future content which may be useful for our individual customers.
Message Technology: You understand that TACKLEDIRECT will send SMS and MMS messages using automated technology including through an automatic telephone dialing system.
SMS Frequency: The SMS Program is a subscription-based program and SMS Program participants will receive a maximum of 12 messages per month. TACKLEDIRECT may occasionally offer participants the option to opt-in to additional mobile messages for a specified amount of time for specific promotions.
Location Information: By participating in the program, you agree that TACKLEDIRECT is authorized to use location information (such as GPS data) from your mobile device when you are near or in a TACKLEDIRECT retail location and to send you additional SMS and/or MMS messages based upon your location.
Carriers Information: The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. The SMS Program may not be available through all carriers.
Indemnification: Terms of Use on Indemnification is expressly incorporated in these SMS Program Terms & Conditions by this reference. By signing up for the TackleDirect SMS Program, you acknowledge that any disputes arising out of the SMS Program will be subject to these rules.
Severability: If any provision of these SMS Program Terms & Conditions is for any reason deemed invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable by a court or arbitrator of competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be deemed severable from these SMS Program Terms & Conditions, and the invalidity of the provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of these SMS Program Terms & Conditions (which will remain in full force and effect).
To Opt Out or Stop Messages: To stop receiving TACKLEDIRECT Mobile text messages, text STOP to 1-833-643-3082, reply STOP to any TACKLEDIRECT text message, or contact Customer Service at 1-833-643-3082. If opting-out via a STOP reply message, you consent to receive an additional text message to confirm your opt-out request. Please allow up to five (5) business days to process your request.
For Help: Text HELP to 1-833-643-3082 for help. You may also contact Customer Service at 1-833-643-3082 or email sales@tackledirect.com for assistance.
Back to Top
3. CHOICE / OPT-OUT
TackleDirect provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications
from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
We give users the following options for removing their information from
our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
To opt-out of mailings send us an email: sales@tackledirect.com.
Back to Top
4. CORRECT / UPDATE
To correct or update any information send us an email: sales@tackledirect.com
Back to Top
5. HOW TO CONTACT US
Phone:
Toll-Free: 1-888-35-4REEL
Direct: 1-609-788-3819
Hours: Weekdays - 8am to 6pm ET
Weekends - 9am to 6pm ET
Mail:
TackleDirect Sales Dept.
6825 Tilton Road, Bldg C
Egg Harbor Twp, NJ 08234-4426
USA
Toll-Free Fax: 1-877-803-6229
Email: sales@tackledirect.com
Visit our Flagship Store in Egg Harbor Twp, NJ: Go to Yahoo! Maps
Back to Top