http://www.perfumeandcologne.com/index.php?main_page=conditions&zenid=lsje37ufq27ihj5ondka9dsdr4
Home
Log In
Search
Advanced Search
Womens Store
Womens Store
Perfume For Women
Testers / Unboxed
Miniature / Travel
Hand & Body Cream
Hand & Body Lotion
Body Powder
Deodorant
Soap, Shampoo & Gel
Gift Set For Women
Body Oil
Mens Store
Cologne For Men
Testers / Unboxed
Miniature / Travel
Deodorant
Aftershave
Soap, Shampoo & Gel
Men Cologne Gift Set
Body Oil
Accessories
Oil Burner
Aroma Oil
Incense Holder
Exotic Incense
Gift Certificates
Designer
Please Select
Abercrombie & F..
Adidas
Adrienne Vittad..
Albert Nipon
Alfred Dunhill
Alfred Sung
Alyssa Ashley
American Beauty
Andy Warhol
Angel Schlesser
Angelus
Animale Parfums
Anna Sui
Annick Goutal
Antonio Bandera..
Antonio Puig
Anucci
Aramis
Aubusson
B'Prime Parfums
Balenciaga
Banna Republic
Baywatch
Bellagio
Benetton
Betsey Johnson
Bijan
Bill Blass
Bob Mackie
Bogner
Borghese
Boucheron
Britney Spears
Burberry
Bvlgari
Byblos
Cacharel
Caesars World
Cafe
Calvin Klein
Carlo Corinto
Carlos Santana
Carolina Herrer..
Caron
Carrera
Cartier
Carven
Cathy Carden
Cerruti
Champs
Chanel
Charles of the ..
Chloe
Chopard
Christian Dior
Christian Lacro..
Christine Darvi..
Cigar
Cindy Crawford
Clarins
Claude Montana
Clinique
Cluedo
Cofci Parfums
Cofinluxe
Coty
Creation Lamis
Creed
Cuba Paris
Cubano
Custom Aroma Oi..
Custom Incense ..
Dana
Danielle Steel
Davidoff
Day Off
Deon Parfums
Diamond Interna..
Diane Von Furst..
Diesel
Disney
Dolce & Gabbana
Donald Trump
Donna Karan
Elizabeth Arden
Elizabeth Taylo..
Ellen Tracy
Elyse Tend
Emanuel Ungaro
Ermenegildo Zeg..
Erox
Escada
Estee Lauder
Estelle Ewen
Estelle Vendome
Eternal Love Pe..
Evyan Perfume I..
Faberge Perfume
Faconnable
Fendi
Ferrari
Five Star Fragr..
FMJ Perfume
Frances Denney
Francesco Smalt..
Franck Olivier
Fred Hayman
French Connecti..
Gabriela Sabati..
Gai Mattiolo
Gale Hayman
Gemini Cosmetic..
Gendarme
Geoffrey Beene
Geparlys
Ghost
Gianfranco Ferr..
Gilles Cantuel
Giorgio Armani
Giorgio Beverly..
Giorgio Valenti
Givenchy
Gucci
Guerlain
Guess
Guy Laroche
Halston
Hanae Mori
Helmut Lang
Hermes
Hilary Duff
Houbigant
Hugo Boss
Iceberg
Ilana Jivago
Instyle Parfums
Isabella Rossel..
Issey Miyake
J.Lo
Jacomo
Jacques Bogart
Jacques Fath
Jacques Philipp..
Jaguar
Je Reviens
Jean Charles Br..
Jean Couturier
Jean Desprez
Jean Louis Verm..
Jean Marc Sinan
Jean Patou
Jean Paul Gault..
Jean Philippe
Jean-Louis Sche..
Jeanne Arthes
Jessica McClint..
Jessica Simpson
Jesus Del Pozo
Jil Sander
Jivago
Johan B.
John Varvatos
John Williams
Joop
Joseph Abboud
Jovan
Juicy Couture
Julio Iglesias
Karen Low
Karl Anthony
Karl Lagerfeld
Kenneth Cole
Kenzo
Kimora Lee Simm..
Kiss Cosmetics
Kristel Saint M..
Krizia
La Perla
Lacoste
Lalique
Lancaster
Lancome
Lanvin
Laura Ashley
Laura Biagiotti
Leonard
Liz Claiborne
Lolita Lempicka
Lomani
Loris Azzaro
Louise De Mauri..
LTL Fragrances
Luciano Soprani
Lucky Brand
Lulu Guinness
Marc Jacobs
Margaretha Ley
Marie Gray
Mariella Burani
Marilyn Miglin
Marina Picasso
Mario Valentino
Mauboussin
Maurer Wirtz
Mavive
Max Azria
Max Deville
Maxim's de Pari..
Micaelangelo
Michael Jordan
Michael Kors
Michel Germain
Mick Micheyl
Mikhail Baryshn..
Molinard
Molyneux
Mont Blanc
Moschino
Muelhens
Myrugia
Naomi Campbell
Narciso Rodrigu..
Nautica
New Brand
New Dana Perfum..
Nicole Miller
Niki de Saint P..
Nikos
Nina Ricci
Norell
Ocean Pacific
Oleg Cassini
Orlane
Oscar de la Ren..
Paco Rabanne
Palladio Kiton
Paloma Picasso
Parfum Blaze
Parfum Debutant..
Parfum New Bran..
Parfum New Bran..
Parfum Rivera
Parfums Elyse T..
Parfums Faconna..
Parfums Franck ..
Parfums Gres
Parfums Jean Lo..
Parfums lively
Parfums Regine
Parfums Space
Paris Bleu
Paris Hilton
Parisino
Parlux
Paul Sebastian
Paul Smith
Payot
PerfumeAndColog..
Perfumed Body O..
Perfumer's Work..
Perfumes Intern..
Perry Ellis
Phat Farm
Pierre Balmain
Pierre Cardin
Pokemon
Prada
Prescriptives
Prestige
Prince Matchabe..
Princesse Marin..
Priscilla Presl..
Privilege
Proteo Profumi
Puma
Pure Natural Oi..
Ralph Lauren
Rampage
Realities Cosme..
Realm
Remy Latour
Revillon
Revlon
Reyane Traditio..
Riviera
RJ Perfumes
Robert Piguet
Roberto Capucci
Roccobarocco
Rochas
Roger & Gallet
Romeo Gigli
Royal Copenhage..
Royal Doulton
Sakamichi
Salvador Dali
Salvatore Ferra..
Sarah Jessica P..
Sean John
Sense of Space ..
Shah Rukh Khan
Shulton
Silver Jeans
Sisley
Sonia Rykie
Spelling Enterp..
ST Dupont
St John
Stella McCartne..
Succes de Paris
Swiss Army
Ted Lapidus
Thierry Mugler
Tiffany
Times Square
Todd Oldham
Tom Ford
Tommy Bahama
Tommy Hilfiger
Torand
Trussardi
Unknown
Usher Raymond
Valentino
Van Cleef & Arp..
Vanderbilt
Ventilo
Vera Wang
Vermeil
Versace
Verucci
Vicky Tiel
Victoria Albi
Victoria Iinter..
Victoria Secret
Viktor & Rolf
Visconti de Mod..
Viviane Vendell..
Vivienne Westwo..
Weil
Worth
Wranglers
Yohji Yamamoto
Yves de Sistell..
Yves Saint Laur..
Zandaria
Zirh
Sponsors
We are not accepting any orders at this time
Home ::
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of perfumeandcologne.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to perfumeandcologne.com. Copyright 2001-2011 perfumeandcologne.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with perfumeandcologne.com or purchasing perfumeandcologne.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with perfumeandcologne.com or to purchase perfumeandcologne.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by perfumeandcologne.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of perfumeandcologne.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of perfumeandcologne.com Name trademarks and copyrights are properties of their respective manufacturers and/or designers.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, perfumeandcologne.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. perfumeandcologne.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. perfumeandcologne.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of Liabilityperfumeandcologne.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if perfumeandcologne.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a perfumeandcologne.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, perfumeandcologne.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. perfumeandcologne.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, perfumeandcologne.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by perfumeandcologne.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Noticeperfumeandcologne.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to perfumeandcologne.com.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New York, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of perfumeandcologne.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in New York, New York. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of perfumeandcologne.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. perfumeandcologne.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. perfumeandcologne.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a perfumeandcologne.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimerperfumeandcologne.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, perfumeandcologne.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, perfumeandcologne.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to perfumeandcologne.com in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless perfumeandcologne.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, perfumeandcologne.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with perfumeandcologne.com, perfumeandcologne.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of perfumeandcologne.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, perfumeandcologne.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Mystery Promotion
Gift for Women
Under $10
Under $25
Under $50
Under $75
Gift for Men
Under $10
Under $25
Under $50
Under $75
My Account
My Account
Track My Order
Discount/Promotion
Discount Coupon
Gift Certificate
Daily Horroscope
Shipping Information
Shipping Information
International Orders
Undelivered Packages
Returns
Help
Contact Us
Conditions
Privacy Policy
All Designers
Our goal is to provide you with the largest selection of Fragrances at a reasonable price.
Discount fragrance selection consists of over 9,000 brands of Perfumes, fragrance oils and other related fragrance product.
Copyright © 2020 PerfumeAndCologne.com |
Parse Time: 0.372 - Number of Queries: 42 - Query Time: 0.052787476364136