https://www.libertas.co.uk/privacypolicy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to ensure that we process your personal information fairly and lawfully.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Alderson provides the following services:
• Home Care and Reablement Services - LIBERTAS
• Residential Care for Adults with Mental Health Needs – Alderson House
• Extra Care Facilities – Elizabeth Court, Reverend Bill Baker
Purpose
This privacy notice is part of our commitment to ensure that we process your personal information/data fairly and lawfully.
Alderson recognises the importance of protecting personal and confidential information in all that we do and takes care to meet its legal and regulatory duties.
This notice is one of the ways in which we can demonstrate our commitment to our values and being transparent and open.
Alderson Limited is a "data controller". This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required under data protection legislation to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
We may update this notice at any time.
It is important that you read this notice, together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you, so that you are aware of how and why we are using such information
Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1. Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2. Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3. Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4. Accurate and kept up to date.
5. Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6. Kept securely.We hold personal data Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).There are "special categories" of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection.We hold different types on information for our employees and our services users.
We will only use the information you provide for the legitimate interests of our business.
Service User Personal Information and Personal Data
We may hold, store and use personal confidential information about you which will be used to support the delivery of high quality and appropriate care and support.
These records may include:
• Basic details, such as name, address, date of birth, next of kin and telephone/email contact.
• Contact we have had, such as appointments and home visits.
• Details and records of treatment and care, including notes and reports about your health
• Information from people who have commissioned your care and people who care for you and know you well, such as health professionals and relatives.
It may also include personal sensitive “special category” information such as sexuality, race, your religion or beliefs, and whether you have a disability, allergies or health conditions. It is important for us to have a complete picture, as this information assists staff involved in your care to deliver and provide improved care and care plans, to meet your needs.
How do we collect information
Information is collected in a number of ways, via a healthcare professional, referral details or directly given by you.
How we use client information
How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal information in the following situations, which are likely to be rare:
Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
Where it is needed in the public interest.
How we use the information
• To help inform decisions that we make about your care.
• To ensure that your treatment is safe and effective.
• To work effectively with other organisations who may be involved in your care.
• To review care provided to ensure it is of the highest standard possible.
• To train our support worker professionals.
• For audit to prepare statistics on Aldersons performance
It helps you because;
• Accurate and up-to-date information assists us in providing you with the best
possible care.
• Where possible, when using information to inform future services and provision,
non-identifiable information will be used.
Employee Personal Information and Personal Data
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of personal information about you:
Personal contact details such as name, title, addresses, telephone numbers, and personal email addresses.
Date of birth.
Gender.
Marital status and dependants.
Next of kin and emergency contact information.
National Insurance number.
Bank account details, payroll records and tax status information,Salary, working hours, annual leave, pension and benefits information.
Start date.
Location of employment or workplace.
Identification Copies of driving licence/passport/birth certificate and any other document to enable DBS verification.
Recruitment information (including copies of right to work documentation, references and other information included in a CV or cover letter or as part of the application process).
Employment records (including job titles, work history, working hours, training records and professional memberships).
Performance information.
Disciplinary and grievance information.
CCTV footage and other information obtained through electronic means.
Information about your use of information and communication systems.
Photographs – Company ID Badge.
We may also collect, store and use the following "special categories" of more sensitive personal information:
Information about your race or ethnicity, religious beliefs or other beliefs, sexual orientation and political opinions.
Trade Union membership.
We will collect additional personal information in the course of job-related activities throughout the period of you working for us.
How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal information in the following situations, which are likely to be rare:
Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
Where it is needed in the public interest.
Situations in which we will use your personal information
We need all the categories of information in the list above (see Service User Personal Information and Personal Data ) primarily to allow us to perform our contract with you and to enable us to comply with legal obligations. In some cases we may use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests of our own or those of third parties, provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below.
Making a decision about your recruitment or appointment.
Determining the terms on which you work for us.
Checking you are legally entitled to work in the UK.
Paying you and, if you are an employee, deducting tax and National Insurance contributions.
Providing the following benefits to you: [LIST].
Liaising with your pension provider.
Administering the contract we have entered into with you.
Business management and planning, including accounting and auditing.
Conducting performance reviews, managing performance and determining performance requirements.
Making decisions about salary reviews.
Assessing qualifications for a particular job or task, including decisions about promotions.
Gathering evidence for possible grievance or disciplinary hearings.
Making decisions about your continued employment or engagement.
Making arrangements for the termination of our working relationship.
Education, training and development requirements.
Dealing with legal disputes involving you, or other employees, workers and contractors, including accidents at work.
Ascertaining your fitness to work.
Managing sickness absence.
Complying with health and safety obligations.
To prevent fraud.
To monitor your use of our information and communication systems to ensure compliance with our IT policies.
To ensure network and information security, including preventing unauthorised access to our computer and electronic communications systems and preventing malicious software distribution.
Equal opportunities monitoring.
Some of the above grounds for processing will overlap and there may be several grounds which justify our use of your personal information.
If you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide certain information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have entered into to either provide support or employ you, or we may be prevented from complying with our legal obligations.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
How we use particularly sensitive personal information
Special categories" of particularly sensitive personal information require higher levels of protection. We need to have further justification for collecting, storing and using this type of personal information. We may process special categories of personal information in the following circumstances:
1. In limited circumstances, with your explicit written consent.
2. Where we need to carry out our legal obligations and in line with our data protection policy.
3. Where it is needed in the public interest, such as for equal opportunities monitoring and in line with our data protection policy.
Less commonly, we may process this type of information where it is needed in relation to legal claims or where it is needed to protect your interests (or someone else's interests) and you are not capable of giving your consent, or where you have already made the information public. We may also process such information about members or former members in the course of legitimate business activities with the appropriate safeguards.
Automated decision-making
Automated decision-making takes place when an electronic system uses personal information to make a decision without human intervention. We are allowed to use automated decision-making in the following circumstances:
1. Where we have notified you of the decision and given you 21 days to request a reconsideration.
2. Where it is necessary to perform the contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights.
3. In limited circumstances, with your explicit written consent and where appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights.
If we make an automated decision on the basis of any particularly sensitive personal information, we must have either your explicit written consent or it must be justified in the public interest, and we must also put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights.
You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making, unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and we have notified you.
We do not envisage that any decisions will be taken about you using automated means, however we will notify you in writing if this position changes.
Data sharing
We may have to share your data with third parties, including third-party service providers.
We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We may transfer your personal information outside the EU.
If we do, you can expect a similar degree of protection in respect of your personal information.
Data sharing - why?
Why might you share my personal information with third parties?
We may share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
Which third-party service providers process my personal information?
"Third parties" includes third-party service providers (including regulatory bodies, healthcare professionals and designated agents). The following activities are carried out by third-party service providers: payroll, pension administration, benefits provision and administration, IT services, accountants, allied healthcare providers Local Authority and safety consultants.
How secure is my information with third-party service providers?
All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
What about other third parties?
We may share your personal information with other third parties, for example in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business. We may also need to share your personal information with a regulator or to otherwise comply with the law.
Data security – How we keep your information safe
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your information. Details of these measures are available upon request.
Third parties will only process your personal information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the information confidentially and to keep it secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, allied health professionals and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention - How long will you use my information for?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. Once you are no longer an employee, worker or contractor of the company we will retain and securely destroy your personal information in accordance with our data retention policy.
Rights of access, correction, erasure, and restriction
Your duty to inform us of changes
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your working relationship with us.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please contact the Data Protection Officer or Representative (see details below).
Fee
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Right to withdraw consent
In the circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact the Data Protection Officer. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the DPO, whose details are set out in the Data Protection Policy and below. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues, but we would ask you to allow the DPO to have the opportunity to respond to your concerns in the first instance
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide you with a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information
Contacting us about your information
Please contact us if you would like any information on the following: what information is being processed; deletion of information held on you (known as right to be forgotten); to restrict processing; to request your data be handed over to someone else: object to the processing of your information. If you have any questions or concerns regarding the information we hold on you, the use of your information or would like to discuss further, please contact the Data Protection Officer
Libertas
133 Eastgate
Louth
Lincolnshire
LN11 9QE
Email: dpo@libertas.co.uk
Scroll To Top