http://www.thetapestryhouse.com/policies
Home
Tapestries
Display Gallery
Testimonials
Blog
About Us
Contact
Tapestry Categories
Medieval Tapestries
The Bayeux Tapestry
Lady with the Unicorn
Other unicorn tapestries
Grapes harvest
Knights, lords and ladies
Other medieval tapestries
Arts and Crafts
William Morris
Other Arts & Crafts
Art Nouveau
Alphonse Mucha
Gustav Klimt
Art Tapestries
Impressionist Art
Monet
Van Gogh
Old Masters
Ancient art
Other art tapestries
Floral Tapestries
Bouquets, Still Lifes
Botanical tapestries
Gardens
Landscapes
Lake Como
Francois Boucher
Verdures, forests
Hunting tapestries
Town scenes
Other landscapes
Contemporary
Floral
Landscapes
Castles, chateaux
French elegance
Maps, nautical
Religious
Wildlife, animals
Christmas, holiday
Chenilles
Tablecloths, throws
Traditional
Modern
Table Runners
Miscellaneous products
Tapestry Sale
Sale - landscapes
Sale - traditional
Sale - floral
Sale - medieval, Arts & Crafts
Sale - contemporary
Sale - tablecloths, throws
Sale - chenilles, table runners
Most Popular
Best Values
Large tapestries
Horizontal
Vertical
Share:
Follow:
Policies - The Tapestry House
Privacy Policy
The Tapestry House is committed to protecting your privacy during your visit to this website and recognize our responsibility to keep the information you provide to us secure and confidential at all times. We also never release information to third parties under any circumstances.
There are two ways in which we may take information while you are using our website:
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer and are used to track information as you move around the site. A typical use of cookies is to make a note of the items you have selected from our product pages. This allows you to come back at a later time and still see the items in your shopping cart.
Cookies themselves are harmless, cannot contain malicious code such as viruses, and are used primarily for taking note of relatively anonymous data that helps us provide a smoother experience for our customers. In addition you can easily delete cookies yourself at any time. Please refer to your browsers help section for more information.
Secure purchasing of tapestries
When purchasing from our store, you will be prompted to provide information in order to complete a transaction including your address, telephone number, email address and credit card information. This information is securely encrypted using the strongest algorithms available - as secure as online banking, and in addition we do not store this information. Prices are shown in U.S. dollars for international convenience, and are converted for our Canadian banking and then converted by customers' banks at their prevailing rate. We make no charge until the day of shipping except for PayPal orders and advised large orders. Customs duties rarely apply due to Canada's extensive free trade agreements but if they are assessed they are the responsibility of the customer.
Returns Policy
At the Tapestry House we have a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your purchase we will gladly accept returns or exchanges for up to 30 days (see below).
Returns procedure
If your tapestry is not suitable you may return it within 30 days of receiving it for a full refund, excluding outward shipping, unless this was shown to be non-returnable on its product page or was a custom order. The tapestry must be free of odours. Email us for a returns authorization number which must then be written on the package and you must also write boldly "Goods returned to original supplier" on both the package and the documentation. On the documentation describe the goods as "wallcoverings" not as "tapestry". We charge no restocking or return fee but you are responsible for all return costs. Returns must be made by regular surface mail service, not by UPS or another courier. Please attach an envelope with the words “Original invoice enclosed” - containing a copy of the invoice. We will email the returns shipping address to you. (Borders are non-returnable since they are custom cut lengths.)
Accuracy of Information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy of information throughout this site, with a few provisos:
Copy/Text
Like any professional retailer we do our best to make sure everything on the site is accurate and everything is double-checked. However mistakes do happen. Therefore we make no guarantees and make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, about the information and opinions provided through this website. It is worth noting that, as much as possible, this site contains factual information, with opinion and advice being kept to a minimum. In addition we reserve the right to make changes, updates and corrections at any time, without notice.
Dimensions & Sizing
All measurements are shown in inches based on the European weavers' nominal sizes off the loom; height x width. Tapestries are individually woven and their woven sizes are subject to such factors as humidity and are thus accurate to a factor of 5% +/-. None of the weavers will produce custom sizes: tapestries are available only in the sizes shown on the website.
If your size requirements are more exacting please do take care to compensate by providing enough space vertically and horizontally. If we have a tapestry in stock we will be happy to measure it precisely for you.
Color
Every effort has been made to ensure the colors displayed within images are as accurate as possible. However, due to limitations in screen technology and variations between different computers, it is not possible to guarantee an exact match. The images of products shown on this site are intended to be indicative only and should be used only as a guide when making a decision with our products.
Copyright Policy
All material on this website is protected by copyright with the owner being Past and Present Tapestries doing business as The Tapestry House. We have gone to a great deal of effort to make this site and its contents, clear, accessible and professional and we assert our right to claim ownership.
Elements of this website covered by copyright include: images, graphics, icons, overall design and style, copy and text, product descriptions, HTML coding. These are copyrighted and protected under international copyright laws.
You may not otherwise distribute, reproduce, or in any way transfer this information to any person or body in any way incorporated into any transmittable medium or document. Nor are you permitted to alter, modify, store or misappropriate this information without the prior written permission of the owners.
No aspect of this site may be used under any circumstances, in any situation or in any media without prior consent of the owners.
The Tapestry House reserves its right to defend its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Copyright registration
The Tapestry House respect the copyright and intellectual property rights of others, including competitors, and we are committed to observe international copyright laws. We will take action to prevent infringement of copyright under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act which allows reparations for owners of original material if it is misappropriated or unlawfully reproduced on the Internet or other media.