https://www.pantyhose-stockings-hosiery.com/privacy.html
You can subscribe to our free newsletter at any time. After signing up for the newsletter, you will receive an e-mail asking you to confirm your newsletter subscription with one click. Thus, we ensure that your data will not be misused. If you are subscribed to our newsletter, you will receive regular information about our news and promotions as well as personalized offers. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link which you will find at the end of each newsletter. Or send an email to: kontakt@hosieria.de. In order to always be able to offer you the best service around newsletter delivery, we evaluate in anonymous form which links are clicked in the newsletter. We will not share your information with third parties.
Newsletter
Sign-Up now & save 10%!
Exclusive offers
First looks
Great savings
Name
Your E-Mail Address
Sign-up for free
Privacy Policy
Cookies are important for the provision of our services on our website. By using our website, you automatically accept that we're using cookies.
Close
Home»Privacy
Privacy
Download as PDF
Data protection declarationUnless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Not providing it will have no consequences. This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise.“Personal data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Server log files
You can use our websites without submitting personal data.
Every time our website is accessed, user data is transferred to us or our web hosts/IT service providers by your internet browser and stored in server log files. This stored data includes for example the name of the site called up, date and time of the request, the IP address, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request. The processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1) f) GDPR due to our legitimate interests in ensuring the smooth operation of our website as well as improving our services.
Customer account      Orders
Customer account
When you open a customer account, we will collect your personal data in the scope given there. The data processing is for the purpose of improving your shopping experience and simplifying order processing. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your customer account will then be deleted.
Collection, processing, and transfer of personal data in orders
When you submit an order we only collect and use your personal data insofar as this is necessary for the fulfilment and handling of your order as well as processing of your queries. The provision of data is necessary for conclusion of a contract. Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract. The processing will occur on the basis of Article 6(1) b) GDPR and is required for the fulfilment of a contract with you.
Your data is transferred here for example to the shipping companies and dropshipping providers, payment service providers, service providers for handling the order and IT service providers that you have selected. We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case. The scope of data transmission is restricted to a minimum.
Contact
Evaluations
Newsletter
Collection and processing when using the contact form
When you use the contact form we will only collect your personal data (name, email address, message text) in the scope provided by you. The data processing is for the purpose of making contact. By submitting your message you agree to the processing of your transmitted data. Processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent.You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. We will only use your email address to process your request. Finally your data will be deleted, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Käufersiegel customer rating tool
Our website uses the ‘Käufersiegel’ customer rating tool by Händlerbund Management AG (Torgauer Straße 233 B, 04347 Leipzig). Following your order, we would like to ask you to evaluate and comment on your purchase with us.
We will write to you for this purpose via email, making use of the technical system of the provider of the ‘Käufersiegel’ rating tool in processing the order.
As part of this, your data is processed either with your consent or on the basis of our legitimate interests.
Processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)(a) GDPR with your consent, insofar as you have expressly consented to the receipt of feedback requests. You can withdraw your consent at any time using the corresponding link in the email, without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.
Processing is carried out without your express consent on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR due to our justified interest in truthful, verified evaluations of our services as part of direct advertising. For this purpose we send you a feedback request electronically for our own goods or services which you have already purchased from us. Emails are sent to the address that we obtained from you in the course of selling a good or service. The sending of feedback requests is subject to the proviso that you have not objected to the use of your email address.
You can object to this at any time by notifying us. You will find the contact details for exercising your right to object in our imprint. You can also use the link provided in the feedback request. This will not involve any costs other than transmission costs at basic tariffs.
The personal data saved for this purpose in the technical system of the ‘Käufersiegel’ rating tool will be deleted three months after the delivery of goods recorded for evaluation.
Use of your email address for mailing of newsletters
We use your email address outside of contractual processing exclusively to send you a newsletter for our own marketing purposes, if you have explicitly agreed to this. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the relevant link in the newsletter or by contacting us. Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.
Your data will be forwarded to a service provider for email marketing in the course of order processing. It will not be forwarded to other third parties.Shipping companies       Merchandise management
Forwarding of your email address to shipping companies for information on shipping status
We forward your email address to the shipping company in the course of contractual processing, if you have explicitly agreed to this in the order process. The forwarding is for the purpose of informing you by email on the shipping status of your order. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or the transport company without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
Use of an external merchandise management system
We use a merchandise management system in the course of order processing for the purposes of contractual processing. For this purpose your personal data as collected in the course of the order will be sent to
Hosieria, Adam Petz, Georg-Strube-Straße 4, 28277 Bremen Payment service providers       Credit check Using PayPalAll PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement. You can found this at https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en
Data collection and processing on registration to pay via Paymorrow
In the event of payment via Paymorrow GmbH, personal data will be transmitted to the payment service provider Paymorrow (Paymorrow GmbH, Alstertor 9, 20095 Hamburg) and processed further there.
For the payment procedure “purchase by invoice”, Paymorrow will check whether the customer request for purchase by invoice can be accepted in view of any payment and claim default risks (acceptance check according to risk guidelines), or whether another payment method should be used in consultation with the online shop operator. For this purpose Paymorrow will carry out an in-house acceptance check after actuation of the desired payment method purchase by invoice. This requires an identity and credit check from the credit agencies named below.
The data processing is for the purpose of offering the chosen payment method as well as the credit check which is necessary for this. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Within the framework of the identity check you agree to your personal data being transmitted by Paymorrow to SCHUFA (SCHUFA Holding AG, Kormoranweg 5, 65201 Wiesbaden). SCHUFA will then transmit back to Paymorrow the percentage degree of concordance between its stored personal data and those entered by you, as well as any previous legitimacy check carried out using identity documents by SCHUFA or another contracting partner. The transmitted concordance rates thus allow Paymorrow to determine whether a person is stored in the SCHUFA database under the address given by them. No further data exchange will take place, other addresses will not be transmitted and your data will not be stored in the SCHUFA database. Only the fact that your address has been checked with SCHUFA will be stored as evidence. The following personal data is required from you for the credit check to be carried out within the framework of the acceptance check: Title, first and last names, place of residence (street, house number, postcode, city); date of birth; phone number. The use, processing and disclosure of the personal data named above by the online shop operator and Paymorrow as well as the disclosure of this data by Paymorrow to the named credit agencies for the purpose of credit checking requires your consent.You will therefore be asked in the course of the order process to consent to the storage, processing and use of your personal data by the online shop operator and Paymorrow for the purpose of credit checking and to consent to the disclosure of this data to third parties.
Paymorrow reserves the right to transmit personal data for the above purposes to service providers or financial partners commissioned by Paymorrow or to grant such parties access to the data where this is necessary for the fulfilment of their duties.
We will of course respect the customer’s decision not to give consent. In such a case, however, neither the online shop operator nor Paymorrow will be able to comply with the customer’s desire for purchase by invoice.
Paymorrow or partner companies commissioned by Paymorrow may transmit your address information to credit agencies for credit checking on registration for purchase by invoice, within the framework of what is legally permissible and taking into account your protection-worthy interest in prevention of transmission or use. We will obtain information on the customer’s previous purchase and payment behaviour and credit information on the basis of mathematical and statistical procedures using address information (scoring - for calculation of probability of payment) for the purpose of credit checking from the following credit agencies, which store data for the issuing of information:
Bürgel, Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH & Co. KG, Gasstraße 18, D-22761 Hamburg, Tel.: +49 (0) 40 - 89 80 3 - 0, Fax: -777;
CEG, Creditreform Consumer GmbH, Hellersbergstr. 11, D-41460 Neuss, Tel.:+49(0)2131-109-501, Fax: -557;
Deltavista, Deltavista GmbH, Freisinger Landstr. 74, D-80939 Munich, Tel.: +49 (0)89 - 7244880, Fax: - 22;
infoscore Consumer Data GmbH, data protection department, Rheinstraße 99, D-76532 Baden-Baden, Fax: +49 (7221) 5040-3201;
"Real" Inform GmbH, Normannenweg 32, 20537 Hamburg, Fax: +49 40 23 88 14-59.
You can request the information stored on you by each credit agency from the above credit agencies. Data on the conclusion of contract, application, and the start and end of a contractual relationship may also be transmitted to the above credit agencies. Likewise the online shop operator/Paymorrow may share data on any breaches of contract. The credit agencies store this data in order to be able to issue your contracting partners with information on the creditworthiness of customers or on the customer’s address for tracing debtors, provided they credibly present a justified interest. Paymorrow will ensure that the above credit agencies exclusively process and/or use your personal data within the scope of the intended purpose “credit checking”.
The provision of data is required for conclusion of contract with your desired payment method. Failure to provide it will mean that the contract cannot be concluded with your desired payment method.Cookies Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which are saved in a user’s internet browser or by the user’s internet browser on their computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again.We use these cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change.Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our largely justified interest in ensuring the optimal functionality of the website as well as a user-friendly and effective design of our range of services.Cookies will be stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can be notified before the setting of cookies and you can decide whether to accept this setting in each individual case as well as prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website.Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers:Chrome Browser: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=enInternet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesMozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesSafari: https://support.apple.com/de-de/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macAnalysis The data processing described subsequently in this section, especially the setting of cookies, will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal.
Use of Google Analytics
Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use. The IP address communicated by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become “Privacy Shield“ certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws.  You can prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en]. You can set an opt-out cookie to prevent collection by Google Analytics across devices. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to opt-out on all systems and devices in use for this to work comprehensively. If you click here, the opt-out cookie is set: Disable Google Analytics.
You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html and at https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
Plug-ins
Use of YouTube
Our website uses the function for the embedding of YouTube videos provided by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “YouTube”). YouTube is an affiliated company of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA;“Google”).This feature shows YouTube videos in an iFrame on the website. The option “advanced privacy mode” is enabled here. This prevents YouTube from storing information on visitors to the website. It is only if you watch a video that information is transmitted to and stored by YouTube.
Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Following the US-EU Data Protection Agreement, Google has become “Privacy Shield“ certified and is therefore obliged to observe European data protection laws.
Further information on the data collected and used by YouTube and Google, your rights and privacy can be found in YouTube’s privacy policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en).
Use of Google reCAPTCHA
Our website uses the reCAPTCHA service by Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) is the data controller responsible for your data if you have your habitual residence in the European Economic Area or Switzerland. Google Ireland Limited is therefore the company affiliated with Google which is responsible for processing your data and for compliance with applicable data protection laws.The request serves to distinguish whether the input was made by a human or automatic machine processing. For this purpose your input will be transmitted to Google and used by them further. In addition, the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service will be transferred to Google. This data will be processed by Google within the EU and potentially also in the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission, the “Privacy Shield”. Google participates in “Privacy Shield” and has submitted to its requirements.
Processing is carried out on the basis of Article 6(1)f) GDPR due to our legitimate interest in protecting our website from automated spying, misuse and SPAM.
You can find more detailed information on Google reCAPTCHA and the associated data protection declaration at: https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html and https://www.google.com/privacy.
Rights of persons affected and storage duration
Duration of storage
After contractual processing has been completed, the data is initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then in accordance with the retention periods prescribed by law, especially tax and commercial law, and then deleted after the period has elapsed, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.
Rights of the affected person
If the legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the following rights according to art. 15 to 20 GDPR: Right to information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability. You also have a right of objection against processing based on art. 6 (1) GDPR, and to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, according to art. 21 (1) GDPR.
Contact us at any time. Our contact details can be found in our imprint.
Right to complain to the regulatory authority
You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art. 77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.
Right to object
If the data processing outlined here is based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6(1)f) GDPR, you have the right for reasons arising from your particular situation to object at any time to the processing of your data with future effect.
If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that outweigh your interests or rights and freedoms, or the processing is intended for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If personal data is being processed for the purposes of direct advertising, you can object to this at any time by notifying us. If the objection is successful, we will no longer process the personal data for the purposes of direct advertising.
last update: 17.05.2019
-->
Inline
Save 10% on your next order!
Sign-up now for our free newsletter
First Name:
E-Mail
I don't want a discount now
The extimated delivery period for international orders will be delayed as followed:
within the EU territory: indicated delivery period plus 3-5 business days
Switzerland,/Liechtenstein/Andorra: indicated delivery period plus 3-7 business days
all other countries: indicated delivery period plus 3-15 business days
Do you have a voucher code? Enter it here: