http://www.mglures.com/privacy.html
Preferred by 4 out of 5 bass!
Home (current)
About Us
FAQ
Contact Us
Find MG Lures
Pro Staff
Apparel
Shop Products
Creatures
Floating
Fries
Gobies
Grubs
Jerkbaits
Jig Trailers
Pachinkos
Swimbaits
Tubes
Worms
Colors
Pachinko
Standard
Photo Gallery
Testimonials
Privacy
Privacy Policy
www.MGLures.com is the web site of MG Lures.
Contact Information
1988 Parkway Ave
Shakopee,
MN 55379
sales@mglures.com
MG Lures wants you to know that we respect the privacy and security of our users. Any and all the information collected
on this site is strictly confidential and is not sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned.
What information is collected and how is it used?
Collection and use of personal information
We will only collect and use personal identifying information (such as a first and last name, physical address including
a street name, telephone number, email address, etc.) when a user voluntarily provides it to us. In order to contact us by email, however, you must provide an email address.
We will use the personal identifying information we collect for limited internal purposes that may include, but are not limited to, processing your orders, establishing the identity of account holders,and providing you with information concerning our products. We reserve the right to disclose your personal identifying information, if we are required to do so by law.
Collection and use non-personal information
We collect and use non-personal identifying information, including IP addresses and web server log files to track trends, administer the website, and track user movement. We use this non-personal identifying information in the aggregate to troubleshoot technical errors and analyze opportunities to improve the user experience. We do not combine these types of non-personal identifying
information with personal identifying information.
Cookies
We do not set any cookies.
Security
MG Lures does not store any credit card information.
Other Use of Personal
Information Collected
You may choose to opt-in to receiving our MG Lures Newsletters.
These newsletters are to notify consumers about updates to our products. You may opt-out at any time by following the directions contained within the newsletter.
Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
How to Correct Information
Users can correct his/her personal information by contacting us at the contact information listed at the top of this privacy policy.
Changes
to Privacy Policy
We will notify you of changes to the MG Lures privacy policy by posting an updated policy on this page with a notification link to this page from the home page. You agree that continued use of the website is an acknowledgment and consent to any terms contained in the then-current MG Lures privacy policy.
Effective Date
This policy was last updated on November 8, 2020.