http://www.tropicaloasis.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Browse
Close menu
Search
Home
Shop
why liquids vs pills
Blog
Contact
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
Your cart is currently empty.
SHOP NOW
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Tropical Oasis. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Tropical Oasis & ACE Nutrition LLC, copyright Tropical Oasis ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Tropical Oasis or purchasing Tropical Oasis products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Tropical Oasis or to purchase Tropical Oasis products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Tropical Oasis. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Tropical Oasis used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Tropical Oasis & ACE Nutrition LLC.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Tropical Oasis disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Tropical Oasis does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Tropical Oasis does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityTropical Oasis and ACE Nutrition LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Tropical Oasis has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Tropical Oasis product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Tropical Oasis reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Tropical Oasis reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Tropical Oasis shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Tropical Oasis without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeTropical Oasis may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Tropical Oasis.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Tropical Oasis products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Tropical Oasis products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Tropical Oasis's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Tropical Oasis may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Tropical Oasis or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerTropical Oasis does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Tropical Oasis is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Tropical Oasis reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Tropical Oasis in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Tropical Oasis, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Tropical Oasis may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Tropical Oasis, Tropical Oasis has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Tropical Oasis. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Tropical Oasis seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
--
Affiliate Terms & Conditions
These Affiliate Terms & Conditions were last updated on February, 27, 2018
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (“YOU”, “YOUR”, OR “YOURS”), AND TROPICAL OASIS., A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (“TROPICAL OASIS”, “WE”, “US”, OR “OUR”). BY CLICKING ON THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON AT THE END OF THESE AFFILIATE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“AFFILIATE TERMS”) YOU ARE AGREEING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE AFFILIATE TERMS AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR EACH AND EVERY TERM AND CONDITION HEREIN.
Any version of these Affiliate Terms in a language other than English is provided for convenience and You understand and agree that the English language will control if there is any conflict.
1. Overview
These Affiliate Terms contain the complete terms and conditions that apply to You when becoming an affiliate in Tropical Oasis affiliate program (the “Affiliate Program”). The purpose of these Affiliate Terms is to allow You to make affiliate commissions through sales generated from Your website to Our Products in the manner set forth herein.
2. Enrollment in the Affiliate Program
(a) Application Completion. If You have not already done so, You need to complete an application to the Affiliate Program (the “Application”). You need to identify Your website, describe how You plan to promote Tropical Oasis Nutrition products on Your website, and provide certain contact information. The Application can be found at https://tropicaloasis.com/pages/affiliate.
(b) Acceptance of Your Application. If we choose to accept Your Application, You will receive an email notification confirming that Your Application has been approved. You understand and agree that We may accept or reject Your Application at Our sole discretion. Your Application will be rejected if any of the information You provide is incorrect or incomplete, if Your website promotes materials of a sexual, pornographic, violent, or defamatory nature, if You or Your website discriminate, violate any applicable law, or violate any person’s intellectual property rights, or for any other reason We may deem fit to reject Your Application.
(c) Access to our Affiliate Program. If We have accepted Your Application, We will send You a welcome email with Your login details so that You may enter Our secure affiliate center. From this center You will be able to download Promotional Materials and qualifying links as well as access Your reports which will describe Our calculation of the affiliate commissions due to You. It is Your responsibility to keep Your username and password information secure. For purposes of clarity, Promotional Materials is defined as banners, text links, article copy, and access to data feeds.
(d) You will ensure that your information including your email address is at all times complete, accurate and up-to-date. We may send communications to the email address associated with your account. You will be deemed to have received all notifications, approvals, and other communications sent to that email address, even if the email address associated with your account is no longer current.
(e) You must be in good standing with the Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) and in compliance with all FTC guidelines. As an Affiliate, you also understand and agree that you have read and fully agree to the terms listed on the Official FTC Website.
3. Specific Obligations of Affiliates
As a member of Our Affiliate Program, You represent, warrant, and covenant that You will:
(a) Link to Our Services. You will implement the links, banners, and other means of linking Your website to Our Services (collectively, “Referral Links”) pursuant to the referral specifications set forth on the Affiliate Program on Shareasale (“Referral Specifications”). On this page You will be able to download certain technical materials, including links, HTML code, banner ads, copy and other content, and any documentation for the foregoing (collectively, “Referral Materials”). When Our customers click through the Referral Links to purchase an item on the Tropical Oasis site, you can receive commissions for qualifying purchases as described in Affiliate Commissions.
(b) Maintain Your Site: The maintenance and the updating of Your website will be Your responsibility. Tropical Oasis will notify you via email of any changes to these Terms and our Referral Materials. However, as a member of Our Affiliate Program and because Our information is updated often, it will be necessary for You to update the Referral Materials on Your website to maintain consistency and accuracy between Our Services and the Referral Specifications.
(d) Follow and Comply with All Copyright Laws: It is entirely Your responsibility to follow and comply with all applicable copyright and other laws that pertain to Your website. We will not be responsible if You use another person's copyrighted material in violation of the law.
(e) Not to solicit Our Instructors: As a member of Our Affiliate Program, You agree not to directly or indirectly, for Yourself or on behalf of another, solicit business away from Tropical Oasis.
4. Affiliate Responsibilities
As a member of Our Affiliate Program, You understand and agree that:
(a) We Can Monitor Your Site: You hereby give Us the right to monitor Your website at any time to determine if You are following these Affiliate Terms, and to notify You of any changes We feel You should make to remain in compliance. Further, You must comply with any requests we make for you to take down specific content from your website. Failure to comply is a violation of these Terms and grounds for termination of Your affiliate status.
(b) We Determine the Policies for Referred Customers: Persons who become customers of Our Services through referrals made in the Affiliate Program will be considered Our customers, at Our sole discretion. All Our terms, rules, policies, and operating procedures that apply to Our Users will apply to such referred customers. We may change Our terms, rules, policies, and operating procedures at any time, as further described in Our Terms of Use
(c) You will not bid on TropicalOasis-branded keywords as an affiliate. This applies to all advertising platforms and to all affiliates unless direct approval from Tropical Oasis is granted.
(d) You will not use Our company name or variations of Our company name in your Domain Names or Social Media pages: You may not register or purchase domain names that include Our company’s name or any misspellings or variations of Our company name to run promotions as an affiliate. Additionally, you may not include Our Company name, variations of Our company name, or the look and feel of Our own social media pages on any social media pages (i.e. Facebook Fan Page) where You run promotions as an affiliate.
(e) You will be Responsible for Your Website’s Content: You may not promote Our content and Our Instructors’ courses on a website that contains any form of misleading, defamatory, obscene, illegal, bigoted, pornographic or any other content deemed offensive by Us.
(f) You will not promote using cookie-stuffing: You may not use cookie stuffing techniques or click-generators that set the tracking cookie without the user actually clicking on the Referral Link. You will not artificially generate clicks or impressions on your site or create visits on the Tropical Oasis site, whether by way of a robot or software program or otherwise.
(g) You will not mimic Our media and content: Publishers must make sure that his or her media does not copy or resemble the look and feel of the Tropical Oasis website or create the impression that Your media is part of Our company's website. You also understand that using the language found on Our pages verbatim is not allowed unless it is to describe the content found on any given course landing page.
(h) You will be Responsible for Your use of content found on Our site. You may create Your own promotional materials using pages from our site as reference. You may also use course images and part of the text in Our pages to promote the products accurately on Your site. However, You may NOT download, copy, or use video content (free or paid), course supplementary materials (PDFs, quizzes or extra material), or lesson descriptions and upload them on Your own site(s). Violation of this provision may result in the immediate termination of Your affiliate account.
(i) You will not use spyware, malware, virus and the like: You may not include on your site, display, or otherwise use Referral Links or other Content that uses any spyware, malware, or virus, or any software application not expressly and knowingly authorized by users prior to being downloaded or installed on their computer or other electronic device.
(j) You will be open and honest about Your relationship to Us: You may not misrepresent or embellish the relationship between you and Tropical Oasis or imply any relationship or affiliation between you and Tropical Oasis or any other person or entity except as expressly permitted by this affiliate Agreement.
(k)  You understand and agree that Your browser extensions cannot allow users to upload new coupons into the extension's feed.
(l) You will be mindful of who You do business with: You may not use marketing practices that attract fake customers. We, in our sole discretion, will make the determination whether someone is a fake customer.
(m) You will ensure your sub-affiliates follow all of Our terms: You have the right to work with a sub-affiliate network so long as your sub-affiliates follow Our Affiliate Terms. You understand that You are responsible for Your sub-affiliate’s compliance with these terms and that non-compliance by any of Your sub-affiliates may result in the termination of Your affiliate account.
These Affiliate Terms will begin and become effective upon Our acceptance of Your Application.
5. Affiliate Commissions
(a) Eligibility: Except in jurisdictions in which such a transaction is not permitted, You are eligible to earn affiliate commissions through Referrals (as defined in section (i) below) during the term of these Affiliate Terms, according to the calculation described below.
(b) Amount due: The exact amount of affiliate commissions due to You in any given quarter will be calculated in the following manner:
The affiliate commission is set up in the offers available to You in Your Publisher account. A “Referral” is a paying customer that You refer from Your website to Our website using the Referral Materials in accordance with the Referral Specifications. Acceptance of a Referral as a User of Our Services shall be at Our sole discretion.
(c) Payment of affiliate commissions will be made on a monthly basis. Payments are disbursed according to the payment method You have selected in Your affiliate account. If Your account is terminated due to violation of these Affiliate Terms, We reserve the right to withhold all future payments owed to You.
(d) Affiliate payments are sent to you using Shareasales affiliate network payment system. does not send payment directly to any affiliates. Affiliates are responsible for making sure they are able to accept payments from Tropical Oasis affiliate network.
(e) Affiliates are responsible for any and all charges, fees, taxes, exchange rates, surcharges and other expenses incurred in order to receive affiliate payments. Please check with your receiving banking institution to find out if any of these apply for your account.
(f) If We determine that payment of affiliate commissions to You in any jurisdiction is illegal under any laws, then We may reserve the right to not pay affiliate commissions for any sales made in that jurisdiction.
(g) We may withhold Your final payment for a reasonable time to ensure that the correct amount is paid to You.
(h) If at any time there has been no substantial activity on your account for XX years, then we will have the right to withhold any accrued fee. Further, any unpaid fees in your account may be subject to escheatment under applicable law.
6. Licenses
(a) You hereby grant Us a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use Your names, titles, and logos in the advertising, marketing, promoting, and publicizing in any manner of Our rights under these Affiliate Terms. However, We are under no obligation to advertise, market, promote, or publicize.
(b) We both agree not to use the other's proprietary materials in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays the other in a negative light. We each reserve all of our respective rights in the proprietary materials covered by this license. Either one of us may revoke this license at any time by giving the other written notice ending our engagement under these Affiliate Terms and Your Affiliate status. Other than the license granted in these Affiliate Terms, we each retain all right, title, and interest to our respective rights and no right, title, or interest is transferred to the other.
7. Disclaimer
WE MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING TROPICAL OASIS. ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED. IN ADDITION, WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT THE OPERATION OF OUR WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, AND WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS.
8. Limitations of Liability
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THESE AFFILIATE TERMS UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS), EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FURTHER, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THESE AFFILIATE TERMS, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE AFFILIATE TERMS, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, EXCEED THE TOTAL REFERRAL FEES PAID TO YOU UNDER THESE AFFILIATE TERMS.
9. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Tropical Oasis and its employees, representatives, agents, and affiliates, against any and all claims, suits, actions, or other proceedings brought against them based on or arising from any claim resulting from Your breach of these Affiliate Terms. You will pay any and all costs, damages, and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs awarded against or otherwise incurred by Us in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action, or proceeding.
10. Termination
Tropical Oasis or You can Each End Our Engagement Under these Affiliate Terms: Either Us or You may end these Affiliate Terms AT ANY TIME, with or without cause, by giving the other party written notice. Written notice can be in the form of mail, email or fax.
11. Modification
From time to time, We may update these Terms to clarify Our practices or to reflect new or different practices, for example We may change the scope of Referral Fees, payment procedures, and Affiliate Program rules, or Referral Specifications or Referral Materials, and Tropical Oasis reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify and/or make changes to these Affiliate Terms at any time, at Our sole discretion. If We make any material change to these Affiliate Terms, You will automatically receive an email notifying You that changes were made and prompting You to agree to Our new Affiliate Terms. Modifications will become effective on the day they are posted unless stated otherwise. If any modification is unacceptable to You, Your only option is to end Your participation in the Affiliates Program by removing Us as an advertiser in Your Shareasale account. Your continued access to Our Shareasale platform will be contingent on Your acceptance of Our updated Affiliate Terms. You should visit the Services regularly to ensure You are aware of any changes to the Affiliate Terms, as any revised Affiliate Terms shall supersede all previous Affiliate Terms.
12. Miscellaneous
(a) You represent and warrant to Us that:
(i) These Affiliate Terms constitutes Your legal, valid, and binding obligation, enforceable against You in accordance with the terms and conditions set-forth herein;
(ii) You have the full right, power, and authority to accept and be bound by these Affiliate Terms and to perform Your obligations under these Affiliate Terms, without the approval or consent of any other party;
(iii) You have sufficient right, title, and interest in and to the rights granted to Us in these Affiliate Terms; and,
(iv) YOU HAVE READ AND TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER PROVISIONS OF THESE AFFILIATE TERMS PRIOR TO ACCEPTING THESE AFFILIATE TERMS.
(b) Independent Contractors. Each of us shall be deemed to be independent contractors with respect to the subject matter of these Affiliate Terms, and nothing contained in these Affiliate Terms shall be deemed or construed in any manner as creating any partnership, joint venture, employment, agency, fiduciary, or other similar relationship. You will not make any statement, whether on your site or otherwise, that contradicts or may contract anything in this paragraph.
(c) Assignability. You may not assign Your rights or obligations under these Affiliate Terms to any party, and any attempt to do so will be void and without effect. We are free to assign these Affiliate Terms.
(d) Governing Laws. These Affiliate Terms shall be governed by the substantive laws of the State of California without reference to its choice or conflicts of law principles that would require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and shall be considered to have been made and accepted in the State of California. Any dispute that may arise in connection with these Affiliate Terms shall be resolved in accordance with our Terms of Use.
(e) You may not amend or waive any provision of these Affiliate Terms unless in writing and signed by both of us.
(f) Entire Agreement. These Affiliate Terms represent the entire agreement between Us and You, and shall supersede all prior agreements and communications between us, oral or written.
(g) Headings and Titles. The headings and titles contained in these Affiliate Terms are included for convenience only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the terms herein.
(h) Severability. If any provision of these Affiliate Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary such that the intent of the both of us is effectuated, and the remainder of these Affiliate Terms shall have full force and effect.