http://www.donhume.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy
Policy
This Privacy Policy covers what information we collect from you when you visit the DonHume.com site, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. By using the DonHume.com site, you agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and Conditions of Use.
1. The information we collect
2. How we use and share Personal
Customer Information
3. Communications from DonHume.com
4. Linking to third-party web sites
5. Questions or comments
1. The information we collect
When you use the DonHume.com site, we
receive and collect certain information. The information that we receive and
collect depends on what you do when you visit DonHume.com.
Automatically Collected Information. Some information is
automatically received and sometimes collected from you when you visit the
DonHume.com site. We receive and collect the name of the domain and
host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of
the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating
system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the
web site from which you linked directly to our site. We use this information to
monitor the usage of our site. Also, when we send emails to you, we may be able
to identify information about your email address, such as whether you can read
graphic-rich HTML emails. All of the information we automatically capture
provides us with the ability to enhance our customers' search and shopping
experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage
patterns.
Information Collected via Cookies. We use cookies to enhance the
browsing and shopping experience on the DonHume.com site. "Cookies"
are small files or records that we place on your computer's hard drive to
collect information about your activities on the DonHume.com site.
The cookies transmit this information back to the computers at DonHume.com or our third-party distributors of banners and newsletters; these
computers are, generally speaking, the only computers which are authorized to
read such information. The information captured makes it possible for us (i) to
speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart, and provide you
with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you
don't have to reenter it each time you visit the DonHume.com site;
(iii) to monitor the effectiveness of marketing email campaigns;
and (iv) to monitor the total number of visitors, pages viewed, and total number of banners, if any, served.
Most people do not know that cookies are being
placed on their computers when they visit the DonHume.com site or
most web sites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can
choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or
you can turn off cookie placement. If you refuse cookies, you will not be able
to open a DonHume.com Shopping Cart and therefore will not be able to
complete an order with us online. Also, by not using cookies, your overall
Internet browsing experience will be affected.
If you would like to
obtain more information about the third-party distributor of banners on the
DonHume.com site and to know your choices about having such
distributor's cookies turned off, please visit www.privacychoices.org. If you turn off
the third-party distributor's cookies, you will still see banners on our site;
however, the banners will not be tailored to your shopping experience.
Information You Actively Submit to DonHume.com. For most
of the browsing services we provide, we neither require nor collect "Personal
Customer Information" -- your name, email address, billing address, shipping
address(es), phone number and credit card information. You can browse the DonHume.com site and take as much time as you want to review our books and
other products, services and reviews without having to submit such Personal
Customer Information. Even when you use our shopping cart as you browse, there
is no need to submit Personal Customer Information.
In the following
instances, however, we do need you to actively submit Personal Customer
Information: when you want to (i) create an account; (ii) complete an order;
(iii) subscribe to our Keep Me Posted! Newsletters or Alerts, or (iv) submit
customer reviews.
Creating a DonHume.com Account. You can create a
password-protected DonHume.com account to complete an order or to
save items in your shopping cart. To create an account, we require that you provide
us with the following Personal Customer Information: your email address (which
may not be associated with another active DonHume.com account), and
your first and last names. You will also have to create a password.
Completing an Order. If you have a DonHume.com account
that you want to use to complete an order, we will require you to access that
account. We will then use the Personal Customer Information stored in that
account to complete the order, or require you to input additional Personal
Customer Information such as payment information. If you want to complete an
order without using a DonHume.com account, we will ask for certain
Personal Customer Information to complete the order.
Customer Reviews. When you submit a customer review, we ask you to disclose your email address in addition to your review and other optional information. You can choose not to have your email address displayed with your
review. We only use the information you provide to us to chronicle your review;
we do not use such information for marketing purposes. Because your email
address at your election can be displayed with your reviews, we can make no assurance that others will not use the information you have provided.
2. How we use and share Personal
Customer Information
DonHume.com shares Personal Customer
Information that we collect as follows:
Credit card companies. Credit card transactions are handled
by a third-party financial institution and their vendors, which receive the
credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the
credit card numbers and process transactions.
Membership programs. We work with certain entities who, in conjunction with their own membership programs or rewards programs, require that we disclose purchasing information about their customers who visit the DonHume.com site through links from the partner sites, or use the partner's credit card or rewards program to make purchases on the DonHume.com site (e.g., to earn points for purchases made on the DonHume.com site through links from the partner site). We disclose only the information required to make these programs work and support your membership with them, which typically includes the name and/or email address of the user as well as the dollar amount of purchases made. We disclose this information to such entities under an agreement that requires that they obtain your consent first, usually under the membership or participation rules. If you do not want us to disclose that information to the strategic partner, then you must contact them directly.
Law Enforcement Investigations. DonHume.com may release Personal Customer Information when we believe, in our good judgment, that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with law, enforce or apply
the terms of any of our policies or user agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of DonHume.com, our users, or
others.
3. Communications from DonHume.com
As a DonHume.com account holder, you may receive the following communications from DonHume.com:
Communications related to transaction, account and website maintenance activities. By creating a DonHume.com account or making a purchase without a DonHume.com account, you may receive
communications from us relating to: order confirmations; order updates; order problems; important website information and material changes to site policies and account management procedures.
Communications from DonHume.com and its affiliated companies. As a DonHume.com purchaser or account holder, we use and share your contact information to communicate special offers, events, new products and services from DonHume.com and our affiliated companies. As a DonHume.com account holder, we communicate via e-mail, postal mail and outbound telephone calls depending upon your Communications Preferences. Any DonHume.com account holder can opt-out from the receipt of any such communications or opt-out of certain communication methods by logging onto his or her Account and following the instructions under "Change Your Communication Preferences".
Don Hume
Communications. When you sign up to become a member of the Don Hume, you will receive updates on new Don Hume announcements -- such as new products -- that we believe will interest you. If you would rather not receive announcements from us, please log onto your Don Hume account go to the Preferences section
and follow the instructions.
4. Linking to third-party web sites
When you click on links and banners on our site that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third
parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the
Internet, DonHume.com cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party web sites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of
any and every site you visit, whether you are linking from our site or browsing
on your own.
5. Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last changed in January 2008.
DonHume.com reserves the right to
modify or amend this policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy on
our site. The changes will only affect the information we collect after the
effective date of the change to our Privacy Policy unless we clearly express
otherwise The descriptions within this document affects all
information we have collected prior to such date.
Questions or comments
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please call or email us at info@donhume.com. For other inquiries, you can use the contact form.
Back
Navigation
Home
Shop
Gift Certificates
Top Selling Holsters
Holsters
Concealment Holsters
Duty Holsters
Optic Sight
Holsters Optic Sight
Security Holsters
Shoulder Rigs with Accessories
Tac Light Holsters
Taser Holsters
Nylon Products
Nylon Accessories
Nylon Baton Holders
Nylon Concealment Holsters
Nylon Duty Belts
Nylon Duty Holsters
Nylon Flashlight Holders
Nylon Glove Pouches
Nylon Handcuff Cases
Nylon Magazine Holders
Nylon OC/Mace Holders
Nylon Radio Holders
Nylon Tac Light Holsters
Nylon Tactical Thigh Rigs
Nylon Taser Holsters
Nylon Trouser Belts
Police Duty & Accessories
Accessories
Badge Holders
Baton Holders
Duty Belts
Flashlight Holders
Glove Pouches
Handcuff Cases
OC/Mace Holders
Radio Holders
Transport Restraints
Magazine & Ammo Holders
Trouser Belts
Over Stock / Closeouts
Cowboy & Blackpowder Products
Cowboy Action
Black Powder Shooting
Weapon Search
Press Release
Shipping & Returns
Authorized Dealers
Downloads
Links
Contact Us
Cart
0Item(s) -$0.00You have no items in your shopping cart.