http://www.flowersexpress.com.au/docs/privacy.shtml
home
about us
ordering details
contact
view cart: [ 0 item(s) $ ]
LOGIN
REGISTER
04 3868 3911
Toggle navigation
Home
Corporate
Roses
Favourite Flowers
Gifts
Melbourne Flowers
Melbourne Roses Delivery
All Products
Birthday
Any Occasion
Get Well
In Season
New Baby
Sympathy
Weddings
Wedding Gallery
Wedding & Engagement
Shop by Price
Under $60
$60 - $80
$80 - $120
Over $120
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. flowersexpress highly value the strong relationship we have with our customers, often these relationships have been built up over many years. The data we collect will be handled sensitively and securely and with proper regard for privacy. We are fully aware of and support the 'National Privacy Principles' launched in December 2001. These principles have been incorporated in our Privacy Policy which is set out below.
We will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service to our customers, which includes advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business. We therefore maintain the name, postal and email addresses, telephone number, payment and order processing information of customers when they order from us. We will never ask you to answer any intrusive personal questions.
The information you provide to us is used for billing and delivery purposes and to measure customer interest in our products.
You may provide us with your email address. We will only ever use your email address so that we can:
contact you about your order or answer a query, or
send you special offers from time to time. Your email address is private and we will never sell it to third parties.
Any personal information that you give us is private. We will never release personal information to persons or entities without your explicit consent. Exceptions to this are:
where we are required by law to disclose certain information;
if you have ordered a product from us that requires personalisation, or delivery to you by an external company;
you are a member of a reward or other club and your order must be verified so that you will receive your reward/benefit.
As part of the National Privacy Principles, customers can advise us at any time if theyno longer wish to receive product information from us.
We have strict understandings with all other organisations that provide us support services to protect your privacy. These organisations are all compliant with the National Privacy Principles. Only authorised employees who are trained in the proper handling of customer information have access to that information.
Customers can advise us if any of their information requires updating. Customers may request to see the details we maintain on them in our customer file by forwarding a signed written request to us.
We make use of 'cookies' to make our website perform better. A 'cookie' is a feature built into your browser that assigns you a 'user ID'. Cookies are used to follow the pattern of movements of web users. Cookies let us know which pages on our website are visited, in what order and how often.
By themselves, cookies can't be used to discover your identity - they merely identify your computer to our servers when you visit us. Cookies only provide us aggregate statistical data, and are not used to record any personal information such as your name, address or e-mail address. If you are unhappy about having a cookie assigned to you, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. This action however, will stop you from being able to shop online with flowersexpress.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment accessed only by authorised persons. Transmissions sent to or from us are routinely monitored for quality control and systems administration.
Connect With Us
Jane Price Flowers Express67 Pelham StreetCarlton VIC 305304 3868 3911
Our Range
Valentines Day
Mothers Day
Christmas Day
Birthday
Get Well
Sympathy
Store Links
Privacy Policy
Delivery
Secure Payment
Contact
Flower Care
Testimonials
Jane Price Flowers Express © 2016. Site Powered by FlowerStoreInABox™
Conditions
The free caring bear or chocolates are only for online orders delivered to the Melbourne CBD and surrounding suburbs (20km radius).