https://www.smitteez.com/index.php/content/privacy-policy
Products
New Products
Clearance/Sale Items
Umpire Equipment, Uniforms & Gear
Umpire Starter Packages
Umpire Accessories
Umpire Face Masks & Helmets
Umpire Chest Protectors
Umpire Leg/Shin Guards
Umpire Shirts
Umpire Pants
Umpire Jackets
Umpire Caps
Umpire Shoes
Football Referee Gear
Football Referee Starter Packages
Football Referee Accessories
Football Referee Pants & Shorts
Football Referee Shirts & Cold Weather Gear
Referee Whistles/Lanyards
Football Referee Caps
Football Referee Shoes
Basketball Referee Gear
Basketball Referee Pants
Basketball Referee Shirts & Jackets
Basketball Referee Shoes
Basketball Referee Starter Packages
Referee Whistles/Lanyards
Lacrosse Referee Gear
Wrestling Referee Gear
Soccer Referee Gear
Shop By Association
Follow us on
Information
FAQ's
Shipping
Returns & Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Custom Screen Printing and Embroidery
Officials Corner
Sizing Charts
Football Referee Glossary
Umpire Glossary
Websites of Interest
Umpire Equipment Care
Our Retail Location
Our Retail Location
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of Smitteez Sportswear.
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 274
Keansburg, NJ 07734
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@smitteez.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 732-787-5500
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site.  We have implemented Adwords/AdCenter conversion tracking features to determine the profability of Smitteez advertising campaigns
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.