https://www.evolutionhealth.com/terms-and-conditions
Your Cart: Items in Bag: 0
Total: $0.00
Home
Login
Register
View Cart
888-896-7790
More Info
About Blue Dunn
Tightrope Pictures
Balance
Evolution Therapy
Hydro-Yoga
Instruction Sheets
Favorite Links
Contact Us
Contact form
Order Info
About Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Gift Certificates
Bodylift Headstand
Health Books
Health and Nutrition
Inversion Therapy
BodyLift
BodySlant
Inversion Swing
Inversion Tables
Teeter Accessories
Kitchen Tools
Rebounders
Bounce Back Chair
Reboundair Rebounders
Rebounding Aids & Extras
Rebuilder Medical
Rebuilder medical
Self Maintenance Tools
Acu-Masseur
Calf Stretch Blocks
Flextasy-Flexibility exercises
Rollers
Thumper Massager
Supplements
Ameriden
E3 Live
ecoNugenics
Eidon
MSM Powder
Synergy
Well Wisdom
Water Ionizers
Delphi water ionizer
Athena water ionizer
Melody Water Ionizer
Venus Water Ionizer
Vesta GL988 water ionizer
èlita CT-700
Filters
Water Ionizer Accessories
Whole Body Vibration
Terms and Conditions
Placing an order with us constitutes that you have read, understand and agree to our terms.
30 Day Money-Back Guarantee All products with the exception of books, and nutritional supplements,
foot products including the rebuilder medical 2407 or 300 (for hygienic
reasons),unless otherwise stated come with a 30 day, money-back
guarantee (less shipping and handling charges and unless otherwise
stated a restocking fee). To qualify for a refund product must be in
like new condition and in original packaging.
IMPORTANT Returning products will not be accepted without prior approval. Call 888-896-7790 for authorization. When
you call will, we will let you know where to return the product ,which
can vary depending on the item. Please understand, we will not accept
any returns nor issue a credit for any returns that do not have prior
authorization.
Your 30 day guarantee starts 3 days after your order is shipped.
All returns will
have a 15% restocking fee unless otherwise stated. Please see the return
policy for our infrared saunas, water ionizers, easygreen sprouters,
DKN WBV, on the individual pages. Returning products will not be
accepted without prior approval as we will need to notify you of the
address for the return as this can vary depending on the item. Please
call 888-896-7790 for authorization. Shipping charges are non-refundable.
The following items are not refundable: -ANY supplement/nutritional product that have been opened(MSM,Whey Protein, Ameriden Supplements, Ionic Minerals) -books -foot wakers/foot savers/yogatoes/Fix your feet balls -Rebuilder Medical 2407 or 300
Returns: Free Shipping Product(s)
Any
Free Shipped Product(s) if returned, shall be billed for outbound
shipping at the time of return.This also applies to refused shipments.
Shipping will be deducted from the free-shipped item(s) after the 15%
restocking fee is deducted. Note:
Shipping fees to Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Alaska, and Virgin
Islands will be higher and depend on weight. Please contact us for
rates .
Returns: Rebounders All
returned rebounders will be charged a 15% restocking fee. Returned
rebounders must include all accompanying materials -books, videos, etc.
to qualify for refund.
Refused shipments
If you
order an item, then refuse it when delivery is attempted, the shipping
cost will be deducted from your return credit. This also applies to free
shipped products. An item is considered "refused" when you do not open
the box and the carrier returns the item to us at no cost to you. We
will also assess a 5% processing cost based on the total dollar value of
the purchase.
Damaged Shipments: Please notify us immediately for any damaged or missing items so that we can send a replacement part right away.
EvolutionHealth.com
will not be responsible for cutsomer mistakes. If you order an incorrect
item or put in an incorrect address, you will be responsible for any
applicable charges to replace the item. Please double check you
confirmation email and contact us as soon as possible to correct any
mistakes.
Please check with us before you make a chargeback for any reason. We always work with our customers to resolve any issues.
Sales
Tax We collect sales tax for Clark County Nevada of 8.10%
International Orders:
Evolution Health has partnered with a trusted third-party company, Bongo International,
to fulfill orders for our International customers. Simply choose the
"International Checkout" option. Your items will be transferred to Bongo
for processing. You may pay by International credit card. Bongo
International will process your order, including billing, shipping and
customer service. Once your order is completed, all inquiries should be
directed to Bongo.
Which Countries Do You Ship To?
International
shipping is currently available WORLDWIDE from Evolution Health. Our third party
vendor, Bongo International, will ship to all destinations around the
world including APO / FPO addresses.
Can I Check the Status Of My International Order?
To
check the status of your order or track your package, please login to
your International Checkout account at: https://bongous.com/tracking.php
Who Should I Contact With Questions About My International Order?
All inquiries regarding your international order should be directed to International Checkout at:
EMAIL: support@BongoUS.com
BONGO US
Tel: 203.683.4894
Fax: 203.612.9645
315 Seaview Ave.
Bridgeport, CT 06607
United States
International shipments are subject to import fees,
duties, and taxes
Due to high international shipping
costs, taxes, and duty fees, we
cannot ship any order that includes
backordered items. We will hold the
order until all items are in stock
and available to ship. Please
contact us if you wish to cancel or change these items.
If
an international shipment is refused and/or returned, any taxes,
duties, custom fees, brokerage fees, or shipping charges incurred from
this return will be the responsibility of the customer.
Agreeing to Our Terms: Placing an order with us constitutes that you have read, understand and
agree to our terms. Any credit card disputes will be legally held to
this agreement. We have posted the link to these policies on the
checkout page and one cannot place an order without checking a box on
the order page stating that you have read our return policy.
Terms and Conditions
1. Introduction to Terms and Conditions The Website Owner, including subsidiaries and affiliates ("Website" or
"Website Owner" or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information
contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website
("website") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as "you"
or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in
these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other
relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be
applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
2. Information on the Website While every effort is made to update the information contained on this
website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or
content provider make any representations or warranties, whether
express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy,
completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price
information, research information, data and/or content contained on the
website (including but not limited to any information which may be
provided by any third party or data or content providers)
("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information
contained on the website. The Website Owner reserves the right at any
time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of
this website. No information shall be construed as advice and
information is offered for information purposes only and is not intended
for trading purposes. You and your company rely on the information
contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or
omission at this site, please let us know.
3. Trademarks The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively
"trademarks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered
trademarks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website
should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade
mark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
4. External Links External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are
beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as
to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content
thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you
must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No
hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or
otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission
of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like to link to
this website or would like to request a link to your website.
5. Public Forums and User Submissions The Website Owner is not responsible for any material submitted to the
public areas by you (which include bulletin boards, hosted pages, chat
rooms, or any other public area found on the website. Any material
(whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed, reviewed
or approved by the Website Owner. The Website Owner reserves the right
to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the public areas,
without notice to you, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole
and absolute discretion that you are or there is the likelihood that you
may, including but not limited to -
·         5.1 defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of other users or any third parties;
·         5.2 publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
·         5.3
post or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other
similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the
Website Owner's and/or a third party's computer system and/or network;
·         5.4
violate any copyright, trade mark, other applicable the United States
or international laws or intellectual property rights of the Website
Owner or any other third party;
·         5.5 submit contents containing marketing or promotional material which is intended to solicit business
6. Specific Use You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or
material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent,
threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially
offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and you
hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage
or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any third party
may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or
indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any such message or
material.
7. Warranties The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or
guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the
website, the information contained on the website, you or your company's
personal information or material and information transmitted over our
system.
8. Disclaimer of Liability. The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all
liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or
consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever
which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your
company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or
indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information
contained on the website, you or your company's personal information or
material and information transmitted over our system. In particular,
neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content
provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm
or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether
direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature
whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission
of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any
actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of
non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
9. Use of the Website. The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that
information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction.
By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner
that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information
made available via the website.
10. General
·         10.1 Entire Agreement. These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the
agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use of
the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any
express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like
not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website
terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments,
undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you
and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
·         10.2 Alteration The Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the
website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version
of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and,
unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be
superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for
reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
·         10.3 Conflict. Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of
these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and
conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a
particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of
your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
·         10.4 Waiver. No indulgence or extension of time which either you or the Website
Owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether by
estoppels or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of
the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent that the
grantor has signed a written document expressly waiving or limiting
such rights.
·         10.5 Cession. The Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or
any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and
conditions, policies and notices to any third party.
·         10.6 Severability. All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and
notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped
together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any
provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices,
which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to
voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason
whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that
it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining
provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices
shall remain in full force and effect.
·         10.7 Applicable laws. Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United
States without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You
hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of the United
States in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the
website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or
any matter related to or in connection therewith.
·         10.8 Comments or Questions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the
website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions,
policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal
information please contact us using the contact information located on
the site.
Self Maintenance
Rebounders
Supplements
Kitchen Tools
MSM Supplement
Water Ionizers
Health Books
Whole Body Vibration
Inversion Therapy
Flexibility Exercises
Coupons and Specials
Returns & Warranties
Shipping
Gift Certificates
About Us
Press
Testimonials
Affiliates
Terms and Conditions