http://www.earthodyssey.com/privacy.html
. . . . . . . . . . . . . earthodyssey.com
(a company in the business of innovation)
Privacy policy, Legal notice and Security issues
Privacy |
Legal |
Security
PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY!
It contains very important information about your rights and obligations, as well as limitations and exclusions that may apply to you.
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR: http://www.earthodyssey.com
It is our intent to maintain your privacy rights to the fullest extent possible. You do not provide any information to us unless you place an order or send an e-mail message. For online ordering purposes we require your name, address, e-mail address, and credit card information. This information is used only for the processing of the order. It is not released outside of our company. The credit card number will be deleted from our files after 60 days. The section below entitled- 'Security' contains further explanantion as to how the security of transaction information is preserved.
The information passed to us is not used for any marketing, advertising, trending, or statistical purposes whatsoever, and it is not released to any other group, organization, entity, or individual. In summary, the information remains within the organization of EarthOdyssey, LLC strictly as data entries for the order.
With regard to the particularly important issue of protecting the privacy of children, this website, http://www.earthodyssey.com, does not collect, maintain, use or disclose children's personal information through the web site or any other means whatsoever. For a complete understanding of the privacy protection requirements for children, please review the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) (16 C.F.R. Part 312), effective April 21, 2000, which applies to the online collection of personal information from children under 13. The complete text of this act is available online as well as a summary. You may also want to visit the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) site dedicated to children's privacy or KidsPrivacy.com, a site co-sponsored by the FTC.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
For resolution of a dispute concerning privacy protection you may email privacy@earthodyssey.com. As an alternative you may send a letter to :EarthOdyssey, LLC26 Carolina DriveNew City, NY 10956-3027Att: Customer service
PAGE AND PRODUCT RATINGS WITH: InstantRatings™
Ratings of a particular page or product featured on this website are voluntarily collected from any visitor who wants to provide instant, and
completely anonymous, comments on their browsing experience at www.earthodyssey.com. Visitors can choose an overall number rating ranging from +5 to -5, and/or check-off 'agree' or 'disagree' with regard to a list of comments, and/or provide their own input. The source of this information is not tracked in any manner whatsoever. It is simply compiled for the purpose of making improvements in the website or for developing new products.
WEB SERVER ACCESS LOGS
Software is utilized by this site through a third-party to collect, store and analyze data such as site hits, page hits, unique visitors, referring domains, geographical region of origin, referrer keywords, site entry points, path through site and so forth. None of this data can be utilized to identify a particular visitor to the site or the device from which the visit originated.
Legal notice
COPYRIGHT
All content on this site (the "Site"), including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, software and programming, is the property of EarthOdyssey, LLC or its content suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The collection, arrangement and assembly of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of EarthOdyssey, LLC and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software and programming used on the Site is the property of EarthOdyssey, LLC or its software suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content, software, and programming on the Site may be utilized in the course of, and during the time period of, a visit to this site. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, sale, republication, display, or performance in whole or in part of the content of the Site, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of EarthOdyssey, LLC.
Particular attention is drawn to the original and unique content embodied in the following:
The 'Sales Tax Calculator for New York' located on the page having the title 'NEW YORK STATE SALES TAX CALCULATOR' and the url http://www.earthodyssey.com/sales_tax.html, including the graphical content and functionality of the page, and the underlying programming through which the page is displayed and enabled.
The InstantRatings™ venue for assigning a number rating, and/or selecting comments from a list, and/or inputting comments in a textarea box. InstantRatings™ format is provided for generating comments concerning the entire Site, a particular webpage on the Site, or a particular product offered on the Site
TRADEMARKS
The trademark displayed on the Site and listed below is licensed to EarthOdyseey, LLC. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the Site without the permission of EarthOdyssey, LLC and such third party that owns any trademark displayed on the Site. The misuse of any trademark displayed on the Site is strictly prohibited. Intellectual property rights will be enforced to the fullest extent of the law.
EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool
PATENTS
The EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool displayed and described on the Site is protected by U.S. Patent D385,076 and U.S. Patent D416,772, and is licensed to EarthOdyseey, LLC. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to make, manufacture, use, offer for sale or sell any item on the Site protected by U.S. Patent without the permission of EarthOdyssey, LLC and/or such third party that owns the U.S. Patent on such item. Violation of Patent rights is strictly prohibited by law. Patent rights will be enforced to the fullest extent of the law.
SITE TERMS OF USE
EarthOdyssey, LLC uses reasonsable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site. EarthOdyssey, LLC assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your own risk. Neither EarthOdyssey, LLC nor any party or individual involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site and its content, is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
DISCLAIMER
EVERYTHING ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU BY EARTHODYSSEY, LLC ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. EARTHODYSSEY, LLC MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THE SITE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, EARTHODYSSEY, LLC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY WHETHER IMPLIED OR NOT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. EARTHODYSSEY, LLC DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE USE, VALIDITY, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY OF, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF, OR OTHERWISE RESPECTING, THE MATERIALS ON, OR CONTENT OF, THIS SITE.
The NY State sales tax information furnished on the page having the title 'NEW YORK STATE SALES TAX CALCULATOR' and the url http://www.earthodyssey.com/sales_tax.html is provided as a free public service and with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in providing legal or tax advice. While every effort has been made to provide current and accurate information, neither the author nor the publisher can be held accountable for any errors or missions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
EARTHODYSSEY, LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT THEY ARISE OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON, OR THE CONTENT OF, THIS SITE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THEY RESULT IN LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, EVEN IF EARTHODYSSEY, LLC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON, OR THE CONTENT OF, THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT, DATA OR SOFTWARE, THE USER OF THE SITE ASSUMES ANY COSTS THEREOF.
Please keep in mind that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, and therefore some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
APPLICABLE LAW
This site is created and controlled by EarthOdyssey, LLC in the State of New York, United States of America. As such this legal notice is governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of New York, United States of America, without giving effect to any priciples of conflicts of law. If any part of this legal notice is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. EarthOdyssey, LLC reserves the right to make changes to the Site and this legal notice at any time.
Security issues
ENCRYPTION
Encryption is the process of converting information intended only for a recipient, into a code that can't be decoded by anyone except the recipient.
Encryption as used by this Site applies only to the transmission of information from your browser to our host server.
Encryption requires both a public key and a private key. The public key is utilized to encrypt all data submitted from the online order form to earthodyssey.com at our host server. The private key is then required for our host server to decode the data. Anyone intercepting the data during transmission will find it infeasible to decode, given the current advanced stage of development of encryption software that is being utilized. Therefore, the data remains secure during transmission. All data submitted to us from the online order form is encrypted.
SECURE SOCKETS LAYER (SSL)
The encryption standard known as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is a widely used vehicle for encryption and is the encryption software utilized on this Site. It is a standard part of both the Netscape and Microsoft browsers.
You can tell that the page you are visiting is secure by a URL having a designation that begins with "https://" rather than the standard "http://". The additional "s" stands for secure. There is also a security symbol that further identifies the page as being secure. A secure page displayed on Microsoft Internet Explorer has a "closed lock" icon in the bottom right-hand corner of the browser screen. On Netscape Navigator, an "unbroken key" icon in the lower "left"-hand corner of the browser screen provides the same notification of a secure page.
COOKIES
Cookies may be used on the Site to store short strings of text information that can be passed from one page to another, following you around as you navigate the Site. When utilized, the cookies are placed on your hard drive at certain points in your visit. While some cookies can remain on your hard drive for extended periods of time, the cookies used on this Site reside on your hard drive only for a period of one hour after you navigate a page. After the hour, the cookies expire automatically.
You do not need to accept cookies. Your browser preferences can be set to accept or refuse cookies. It is hoped that this explanation will encourage you to set the preferences so that cookies are accepted when visiting this Site in the future.
BROWSER SETTINGS
The preference settings on your browser can be utilized to help prevent the theft or undesired viewing of confidential, personal information. While unobtrusively running in the background, the browser can provide an alert if you are about to change between secure and unsecure tranmission modes, or if you will be transmitting information over an unsecured or "open" connection.
The browser can also identify an invalid site certificate for any site to which you are about to transmit.
HOW SECURE IS AN OFF-LINE CREDIT CARD TRANSACTION?
It is basically a matter of human integrity. You use credit cards in retail stores, at the restaurant, at hotels, over the telephone to purchase items. All of these tranactions involve one or more people who have access to your credit card number on paper, or on a computer. Cash, checks, credit cards, debit cards. All are a means to transfer monetary value from one entity to another. All have advantages and disadvantages. None is perfect.
HOW SECURE IS A SECURE SITE?
Does anyone really know? Can it be quantified? Technology is constantly changing. Security becomes a matter of devising a method that is more secure than the most current methods of violating security. The technology of securing a transaction must stay ahead of those trying to violate it.
Let's consider mail order. An order placed through the mail also carries with it a certain minimal risk, but that risk is well defined and understood by most purchasers after decades of mail order commerce. The security risk of online ordering may be no more than that of mail order and it may even be better. However, the precise mechanisms of how security is violated through computer technology is not well understood throughout the population. And in fact, the methods to violate security are ever changing and improving, as are the methods to protect that security.
Therefore, the security of a mail order transaction is based entirely on the integrity of the few human beings that come in contact with it as it makes its way through the postal system for processing by the seller. To violate its security, someone must physically get hold of it.
On the other hand, the security of an online transaction also depends on the number of human beings with questionable intent having the requisite skills to access the data transmission, or the website, or the host server. This access potentially can take place from any remote location in the world through a computer and its modem. The transmission of confidential information is made secure through SSL, but the human access to it at each end of the tranmission remains as a possible weak point.
If you have any doubts about ordering online, please avail yourself of the opportunity to download or print the order form and send it to us via fax or traditional mailorder. The time it takes to print the form and fill it out shouldn't be much more than the time to fill out the form online.
WHAT IS THE CONSUMER'S POTENTIAL LIABILITY IN A CREDIT CARD TRANSACTION?
The consumer is liable for no more than $50 of a loss as dictated by consumer credit laws. With credit card insurance, the consumer may not have any risk although the insurance itself is a cost. Visa eliminated any liability for unauthorized use of your personal (not commercial) Visa card starting April 4, 2000 regardless of whether the transaction is offline or through the Internet. This trend may continue with other credit card issuers in an effort
to reduce concerns about online tranactions.
MERCHANT SECURITY
Although most of the attention concerning security of online transactions is centered on consumer risk, it is the merchant who actually is exposed to the greater risk. The merchant is liable for all fraudulent charges to credit cards that the merchant passes on for processing. Credit card numbers can be chosen, and virtual identities established through email accounts, so that the true validity of a credit card transaction is unknown to the merchant until after delivery of goods. Therefore, bona fide merchants have become especially vigilant in guarding the integrity of the Internet.
HOW DO I KNOW A MERCHANT IS BONA FIDE?
Every bona fide merchant should have a digital certificate for their website.
A digitial certificate identifies the website to the world as one that is directly traceable to the actual business it purports to represent. A digital certificate is authorized by certain organizations such as Verisign or Thawte
after reviewing hardcopy (paper) documents verifying that the business does in fact exist and is properly representing itself on the Internet through a URL identifiable with that business.
THIS DOCUMENT MAY BE UPDATED AT ANY TIME!
Therefore, you should revisit this page everytime you access the Site.
The Story behind the EarthOdyssey pulling tool: Learn how the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool was invented, what it's used for, and why it can be helpful to you in your daily life. Then on the same page view more images of the EarthOdyssey™ pulling tool.
Home |
How to contact us | How to order | Printable order form
NY State sales tax calculator | How to recycle | Recycling symbols
Copyright © 2000-2012 by EarthOdyssey, LLC
(A New York Limited Liability Company)
Site map, Site accessibility, and External links
[ Previous ]
[ Next ]
The url of this page is:
http://www.earthodyssey.com/privacy.html