http://www.americanstationery.com/customerservice/privacy/
COVID-19 UPDATE: We are open! click for details
Contact Us:
1-800-822-2577
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Login
Gifts
View All Gifts
By Recipient
View All By Recipient
For Men
For Women
For Kids
For Teens
For Teachers
For Couples
By Product
View All By Product
Embroidery
Kitchen & Entertaining
Cutting Boards
Drinkware
Bags & Totes
Puzzles & Games
Corporate Gifts
Hostess Gifts
Housewarming Gifts
Travel Accessories
Soaps
Frames
Pens & Writing
Personalized Stationery
View All Personalized Stationery
By Category
View All By Category
Xpress Print
Hand Bordered Stationery
Correspondence Cards
Fold Notes
Double Thick Cards
Letter Sheets
Monogram Stationery
White Ink Stationery
Ensembles
Gift Enclosures
Business Cards
Calendars
Office
Loose Sheets
Plain Sheets
Envelopes
Postcards
Moving
Thank You
Beth Clary Collection
By Process
View All By Process
Thermography
Letterpress
Digital/flat
Embossed
Foil
By Recipient
View All By Recipient
For Him
For Her
For Kids
For Teens
Labels & Stampers
View All Labels & Stampers
Labels
View All Labels
Everyday Return Address Labels
Holiday Return Address Labels
Shipping Labels
Clothing Labels
Personalized Stickers
Envelope Seals
Stampers
View All Stampers
Round Stampers
Square Stampers
Rectangle Stampers
Refills
Embossers
Luggage Tags
View All Luggage Tags
Brass
Plastic
Other
Notepads
View All Notepads
By Product
View All By Product
Business Pads
Single Pads
Multi-pad Assortments
Lined Pads
Stick-it Pads and Memo Cubes
Loose Sheets In Holder
Refills
Acrylic Holders
Party & Celebrations
View All Party & Celebrations
Party Accessories
View All Party Accessories
Frost Flex Cups
Clear Plastic Cups
Stadium Cups
Styrofoam Cups
Cocktail Napkins
Luncheon Napkins
Guest Towels
Napkin Holders
Coasters
Placemats
Bottle Tags
Gift Tags
Gift Stickers
Gift Packaging
By Occasion
View All By Occasion
Halloween
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Valentines Day
Easter
St. Patrick's Day
Graduation
Mother's Day
Father's Day
Seasonal
Fourth of July
Cocktails & Dinner
Save The Date
Wedding Shower
Baby Shower
Bachelorette Shower
Rehearsal Dinner
Cards & Invites
View All Cards & Invites
All Christmas Cards
Photo
Traditional
Design Your Own
View All Design Your Own
By Product
View All By Product
Bordered Stationery
Napkins
Cups
Drinkware
Correspondence Cards
Fold Notes
Notepads & Memos
Luggage Tags
Return Address Labels
Coasters
Gift Packaging
Guaranteed Christmas delivery with $10 Express Shipping Upgrade! show details
You must select either Christmas Delivery, Express (2 Days), or Express (1 Day) at checkout to guarantee Christmas delivery.  Offer applies to orders shipping within the United States only.
Home
>
Privacy & Security | American Stationery
Get Exclusive Offers!
Get Exclusive Offers!
For Her
For Him
For Kids
For Teens
For Teachers
For Couples
Top 30 Bestsellers
Clearance
Gift Cards
Catalog Quick Shop
Quick Links
Visit our Blog
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Pinterest
Follow us on YouTube
CLOSEFor an additional fee of $6 you can get your stationery gift wrapped. Your gift message is included on an attractive gift card.
Privacy & Security
Thank you for registering with American Stationery.American Stationery Company, Inc. (the Company), as owner and operator of several commercial web sites, including:
www.americanstationery.com
www.theamericanwedding.com
is committed to your online security and privacy. We believe that your online shopping experience should be safe, secure and enjoyable. We take measures to make that happen. This statement provides details concerning our policies and procedures to protect your online security and privacy. This privacy statement does not apply to information we may gather through sources other than our web sites, including, but not limited to, orders that are transmitted by telephone, fax or mail.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
Registration
Order
Referrals
Information Use
Cookies
Third Party Advertising
Log Files
Communications From Site
Sharing
Choice & Opt-in/out
Links
Surveys & Contests
Email To Friend
Security
Personal Information
Billing Information
SSL Encryption
Additional Information
Children's Guidelines
Notification of Changes
Contact Information
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
The Company is the sole owner of the information collected on our web sites. The Company collects information from our users at different points on this web site.
Registration In order to browse this web site, a user need not register. To use advanced web site features, save my work or email to a friend, a user must complete a short registration form where we will ask for the user's name and email address. The user's email address becomes the user's login ID. Account security is protected by asking for a user defined password. Please do not share your password with anyone. If lost or forgotten, we have provided recovery features to help you retrieve your forgotten password.
Registration enables us to establish a user account for you, and enables the advanced features. We also use this information to provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Once your user account has been inactive for a period of 24 months or more, we may remove it from our online database and you will need to re-register in order to use those features again. Invalid email addresses will be removed. It is not necessary to register to order, you may use guest checkout. Catalog Requests When you order a catalog online you may receive an order confirmation via e-mail. As a catalog requester, you will also receive e-mail promotions that can be used on future orders. You may opt-out at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of the e-mail.
Order When ordering, we request additional information from the user. This includes contact information (such as phone number, and address) for billing and shipping, and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. Once users close the browser, the session ID cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
By allowing a cookie from our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to participate in some marketing promotions that may be offered from time to time, to users matching a specific profile. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files Like most standard web sites, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. The information we gather through log files is never tied to your personally identifiable information. We reserve the right to share information we gather in the aggregate, through the use of log files.
Communications from the Site Special Offers and Updates We send new registrants a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members may occasionally receive information on products, services and special promotions. Please see the Opt-in/out & Update section.
Service Announcements Service announcements are typically not promotional in nature. They are sent to our customers to provide specific services or information. For instance, when a customer's order is shipped from our manufacturing facility, we will advise the customer by email of the shipping specifics, and provide (if applicable) a tracking number, and method for the customer to track their order. We may send email notices to our users advising them of changes to this policy, or to our terms and conditions or to announce new products/product linesor changes in our hours of operation. Additionally, from time to time, we may send a service email to all our users in order to clean our database. Such messages allow us to purge invalid email addresses, and also afford all users an opportunity to review and change, if desired, their opt in/opt out status.
Customer Service We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services. In regard to issues relating to their account we may reply via email or phone, fax, postal mail, or such other communications as we deem most appropriate.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.
Third Party Intermediaries We use third party credit card processing and check processing companies to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Business Transitions In the event the Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Opt-in/out & Update By using our web site, our users agree to the uses of information described in this statement, and are "opting-in" to receive communications as herein described. Registered users may update their information in "My Account" at any time. Users checking out with guest registration are automatically "opted-in" for promotional emails. Any user who is opted in may click on the link in the promotional email to "opt-out"  or may visit https://www.americanstationery.com/opt/optout/index/ to optout. Additionally, from time to time, we may send a service email to all our users in order to clean our database. Such messages allow us to purge invalid email addresses, and also afford all users an opportunity to review and change, if desired, their opt in/opt out status.
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
This web site takes reasonable precautions to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry. While on a secure page, such as our order form your browser will indicate a secure connection.
While we use HTTPS encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also take steps to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Personal InformationWe use the information internally, to insure the accurate and timely fulfillment of the user's order. We may also use the information internally, for specific marketing or promotional  campaigns.From time to time, we may sell, license or rent lists, containing your name and address information, but never email address, credit card or payment information, to others, unless you request us not to do so. Our users’ election, to have their information shared, or withheld, may be changed at time of ordering. We NEVER sell, license or rent your email address to others.
Billing Information Billing information, including credit card account numbers, expiration dates, checking account numbers and bank routing identifiers are never shared with third parties, except those companies associated with order and payment processing.
EncryptionDigital certificates encrypt data using Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology (the successor to Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)), the industry-standard method for protecting web communications. Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data or login information) it is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way which is shown to you by looking for the closed lock icon in your browser and by having “https” at the beginning of the url address.
Additional Information
Children's Guidelines The Company is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from or about children under the age of 16 without prior parental consent. If you are under 16 and would like to purchase items from the Company, or provide personal information about yourself or your family, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance. The Company cannot prevent minors from visiting this site. The Company must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising children under the age of 16 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to view and/or purchase.
Each time you purchase a product from this site, or provide information about yourself or your family, you are representing to the Company that you are 16 years or older.
Notification of Changes We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at our sole discretion. If we change our privacy policy, we will post the new, updated privacy statement on our web site, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We may, at our option, send an email notification to our users, advising them of changes to this policy, or changes in our terms and conditions.   Contact Information If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Customer Service Phone: 1-765-473-4438
Fax: 1-765-472-8510
Postal Address: The American Stationery Company, Inc. 100 N. Park Avenue Peru, Indiana 46970
Connect With Us
BLOG
Get Exclusive Offers!
GET TO KNOW US
About Us
Press Releases
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
HELPFUL INFO
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
FAQ
Shopping Basket
Track Shipment
Shipment Info
MORE PRODUCTS
catalog
Featured Products
Clearance
The American Wedding
Family Labels
OTHER INFO
The Note Pad
Letter Writing
Christmas Verses
Order by phone 24 hours a day. Customer Service available M-F 9:00 am - 10:00 pm EST Weekend Hours: 8:30 am - 5:00 pm EST
© 2002-2020 American Stationery Company. Inc. All rights reserved.
American Stationery-providing personalized stationery,personalized address labels
and quality printed products to American families since 1919.
Loading...