http://www.artelmotorsport.co.uk/privacy/
Tel (UK): +44 (0) 1789 774 099     E-mail:
sales@artelrubber.co.uk
CONTACT
Automotive
Rail
Defence
Marine
Formula 1
Food & Pharmaceutical
Bus and Truck
Agriculture
Renewable Energy
Industrial Engines
Motorsport
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Website is owned by Artel Rubber Holdings Ltd (hereafter “Business”) , a Company registered in England and Wales.
We take user privacy seriously and take reasonable efforts to protect it. We have created this Privacy Policy (hereafter “Policy”) in order to share with you our information collection and use practices. AS MORE CLEARLY DEFINED HEREIN, WE WILL NEVER KNOWINGLY SELL OR ASSIGN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE AND/OR APPROVAL. Please read this Policy carefully before sharing any personally identifiable information described below.
By using, registering or placing an order on this website at http://artelrubber.co.uk, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy. Since this is a growing web site and because Internet technologies are constantly evolving, this Policy is subject to change at any time and any changes will be posted on this page.
This Policy works hand-in-hand with the Terms and Conditions of Use, found elsewhere on the web site.
For the purposes of the Data protection Act 1998, the Data Controller is Artel Rubber Holdings Ltd of Unit 4F, Alcester, Warwickshire, United Kingdom, B49 6PU, (sales@artelrubber.co.uk).
What personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
When you visit, register or order products or services on http://artelrubber.co.uk you may be asked to, or of your own volition, provide information from which you can be identified, including your name, email address, home or business address etc as well as text you may upload and other technical data such as the IP address of the machine you use. The Business will not collect such information from users while they use the web site unless they voluntarily provide it to us and authorise us to collect such information. Users may provide other information about themselves from which they can be identified.
The Business may use or disclose all such information in order to:
fulfil a sale of a product or service including sharing such information with its partners and suppliers
carry out the service as requested by you
support marketing activities
to respond to other inquires or requests by you
to provide information about specials, sales or new products or services that you will introduce in the future.
obtain analysed information
and will retain such information for the following period of time:
For no longer than required to fulfil the sale of the product
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in the establishment or exercise of legal rights or defences against legal claims, to comply with applicable laws or regulations, to comply with a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order or to investigate suspected fraud or a violation of our Terms and Conditions of Use. We will never sell user information to any 3rd-party not affiliated with the Business, without your specific and unambiguous consent, except in connection with the sale or merger of the Business or the division responsible for such services provided.
User may ‘opt out’ by contacting customer service at sales@artelrubber.co.uk.
The Business may, from time to time, send or post surveys or requests for your feedback in order to help us make our web site and services better. Any responses we receive from users will be used only to evaluate our web site and services and no personally identifiable information from respondents will be shared with any non-employees of Business, except that information provided in the Feedback/Comments areas.
If you are chosen for a promotion or as a winner in a contest, you give the Business permission to use your name, image and other information about you, for marketing purposes.
To maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training, we may record and monitor incoming calls.
What non-personally identifiable information does the Business collect and how is it used?
The Business collects and tracks certain non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, IP numbers and browser type, access times, domain names, usage habits and other information which does not specifically identify any individual.
Disclosure of your information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, fulfil and deliver orders, process credit card payments and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Where you have consented when providing us with your details, we may also allow other companies in our group, to contact you occasionally about products and services which may be of interest to you. They may contact you by e-mail. If you change your mind about being contacted by these companies in the future, please let us know at sales@artelrubber.co.uk.
You agree that we may disclose your identity and contact details to (1) any third party who claims to us that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights or their rights of privacy, and (2) to other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
Does the Business use cookies?
We do not use cookies on our website.
Is my information private with Business merchants and advertisers?
The Business web site may contain links to various 3rd-party web sites and the external web sites of our advertisers and/or 3rd-party partners. Each of these web sites may have a privacy policy that differs from that of the Business. This Policy does not cover the privacy policies of other web sites. We urge you to check the privacy policies of each web site that you may visit or interact with.
The only Voluntary Information that may be shared between Business and one of our partner web sites is that which pertains to information used in the furtherance of tracking an order and providing you with correct information regarding same.
Order information, including order numbers and amounts, may be available to the Business, affiliate merchants and 3rd-party affiliate program management companies, for accurate tracking purposes. The Business will not release this information to other parties unless you request it.
The Business provides banner and other advertising on its web site, from Google and other third parties, that may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information in the course of advertisements being served. If you are concerned about your privacy regarding these advertisements, please refer to Google’s (or other third party) privacy policies.
What about data security?
We employ security measures to protect, so far as reasonably possible, your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires or permits.
The Business requires that our advertisers and partners ensure the security of the data that users provide to them, however, in the event of a breach of their security measures, you agree that the Business will not be liable for any losses or damages.
The Business limits access to personal information about users to employees, for whom we reasonably believe it is necessary, in order to provide products or services.
May I see the information the Business collects about me?
You are entitled to see the personal information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at sales@artelrubber.co.uk. We do not raise any charge in providing you with details of the information we hold about you, but we may raise a charge where such requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested or refuse to act on the request.
Can I Opt-out?
The Business gives users the option to remove personally identifiable information from our list of active users.
You may also choose to opt-out of certain communications from the Business, such as our Newsletter.
If you want to unsubscribe or opt-out of communications from us, send an email to Customer Service at sales@artelrubber.co.uk. We will respond within 48 hours.
The Business is not responsible for removing personally identifiable information from the lists of any 3rd-party partner or advertiser who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.
Where is the web site located?
The Business web site is maintained in the United Kingdom. If you are located outside of the U.K., by using the web site, you authorise the import of you information and its use, as specified in this Policy.
What is the minimum age to use this website
Use of http://artelrubber.co.uk and products/services are intended for persons who are eighteen (18) years or older, or business entities.
If proof comes to the attention of the Business that an individual user is under the age of eighteen (18) years, and is accessing our services and/or products without the consent, approval or authorisation of their parents or legal guardian or other person with legally recognised parental authority, the Business will immediately terminate such account.
Will there be changes to this Privacy Policy?
The Business reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time, in the event that this becomes necessary after initial release, or in the event that it becomes necessary with respect to additional, deleted, modified or amended services provided by Business.
The Business will not personally notify you of any amendments to this Policy. Users are urged to check this Policy frequently in order to determine whether any changes have been made. Users understand and agree that continued use of the Business web site assumes that they have read and accepted this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.
Where can I access this policy?
This Policy is accessible from the Home Page of the Business web site, under the link “Privacy Policy”.
Spy ware
The Business never uses or installs spy ware on user computers, nor do we use spy ware to retrieve information from user computers.
Section Titles
The section titles used in this Policy are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to sales@artelrubber.co.uk.
Calendered Materials
Clips / Clamps
Design / Prototyping
Extruded Silicone Hoses
Hose Assemblies
Metal Tubing
Non-Silicone Hoses
Silicone Hoses