http://www.sinclairintl.com/aspx/general/privacy_policy.aspx
800-717-8211
Live Chat
Live Chat
Facebook
Instagram
Help
Create an Account
Login
Create an Account
Cart (0)
View Cart
Checkout
Products
Manufacturers
Other Ways to Shop
Learn
Sale & Clearance
Reloading EquipmentReloading ComponentsAmmunitionGun CleaningOpticsShooting AccessoriesShooting Rests & BipodsBooks, Videos & SoftwareGun Parts, Tools & Accessories
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
view all manufacturers
Direct Stock Entry
New Products
Hot Sellers
Rebate Items
Filter by Category:
Select a Category
Information & News (34)
Reloading (83)
Sinclair Featured Products (252)
Sinclair How To (131)
View All
Search Learn
AR-15
1911
Remington 870
Ammunition
Reloading
Gunsmithing Tools
Create an Account
Log In
Menu
Shop Products
Reloading Equipment
Case Cleaning
Case Preparation
Measuring Tools
Meplat Uniforming
Powder Handling
Priming Tools
Reloading Dies
Reloading Presses
Shellholders & Shellplates
Benches
Bullet Casting
Reloading Kits
Stuck Case Removers
Reloading Components
Brass
Bullets
Powder
Primers
Muzzleloading Components
Shotshell Components
Ammunition
Handgun Ammo
Rifle Ammo
Rimfire Ammo
Shotgun Ammo
Gun Cleaning
Action/Chamber Cleaning Tools
AR-15 Cleaning
Bore Brushes & Lights
Bore Cleaners & Lubricants
Cleaning Accessories
Cleaning Cradles
Cleaning Rods & Accessories
Rod Guides/Bore Guides
Cleaning Kits
Patches & Mops
Ultrasonic Gun Cleaning
Optics
Binoculars
Optic Accessories
RangeFinders
Rings & Bases
Sights
Spotting Scopes
Scopes
Tripods
Shooting Accessories
Ammunition Storage
Benchrest Equipment
Eye & Ear Protection
Gun Cases & Storage
Slings & Sling Swivels
Targets & Accessories
Range Gear
Shooting Rests & Bipods
Benchrest Bags
Bipods/Monopods
Shooting Rests & Tops
Books, Videos & Software
Videos & Software
Books
Gun Parts, Tools & Accessories
Firearm Accessories
Firearm Tools
Tools
Rifle Magazines
Rifle Parts
Shop Manufacturers
Sale & Clearance
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 17, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Sinclair International, Inc., 200 South Front Street, Montezuma, Iowa 50171.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Website refers to Sinclair, accessible from www.sinclairintl.com
Service refers to the Website.
Country refers to: Iowa, United States
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
CCPA Privacy
Click here for our California Privacy Policy and information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@sinclairintl.com
By visiting this page on our website: www.sinclairintl.com
By phone number: 800.717.8211
Close Chat
Show Chat
Hide Chat
A
A
A
Thank you for contacting our Chat Team! Please visit us again.
If you would like a copy of the chat transcript please click "Send Transcript" below.
Send Transcript
Close
Thank you for contacting Brownells. You’ve reached us after business hours. Live Chat is available 7:30 am to Midnight (U.S. CST) Monday - Friday and 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (U.S. CST) Saturday - Sunday. You may also contact us via email at info@brownells.com.