https://www.chicksaddlery.com/privacy-policy
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Western Saddles & Tack
Western Saddles
Show & Reining Saddles
Roping & Working Saddles
Barrel Racing Saddles
Pleasure & Trail Saddles
Synthetic Saddles
Cutting & Penning Saddles
Western Youth Saddles
Western Saddle Packages
Western Tack
Western Bridles & Headstalls
Western Breast Straps
Western Reins
Western Bridle & Breast Strap Sets
Western Girths & Cinches
Western Stirrups
Western Tack - Silver Trimmed
Patriotic Tack
Western Tack - Miscellaneous
Western Saddle Pads & Blankets
Western Saddle Pads
Western Show Blankets
Bareback Pads
Western Bits
Western Saddle Bags & Covers
Western Spurs and Spur Straps
Western Spurs
Western Spur Straps
Western Accessories
Equestrian Training Aids
Silver Saddle Trim
Pony Tack
Draft Horse Tack
English Saddles & Tack
English Saddles
English Bridles & Tack
English Saddle Pads
English Bits
English Girths
English Accessories
Pony Tack
Draft Horse Tack
Other Tack
Driving Harness
Draft Horse Tack
Pony Tack
Miniature Tack
Patriotic Tack
Breast Cancer Awareness
Horse Clothing
Horse Blankets
Horse Sheets
Horse Coolers
Foal Blankets
Dog Blankets
Gifts
For the Kitchen
Books, Video and Music
Computer Accessories
Cards, Calendars and Stationary
Mugs
Blankets and Throws
Seasonal
Luggage and Bags
Equestrian Jewelry
Ornaments
Home Decor
For the Kids
For the Baby
Flip Flops
Slippers and Socks
Purses & Handbags
Gifts Under $5.99
Stable Supplies
Halters
Personalized Halters
Show Halters
Leads
Fly Control
Horse Boots
Stable Accessories
Horse Grooming Aids
Horse Grooming Supplies
Horse Wormer
Sweats
Leg Wraps
Snaps
Buckets
Horse Clippers
Farriers Equipment
Whips, Crops & Bats
Horse Treats & Vitamins
Leather Care
Pet Accessories
Medications
Apparel
English Riding Apparel
Riding Protection
Rubber Riding Boots
Riding Gloves
Chaps
Boots & Socks
Equestrian Apparel
Outerwear
Rain Gear
Western Hats & Accessories
Western Apparel
Western Boots
Belts
Tees, Sweats & Hoodies
Weather Gear
Clearance
Blanket Sale
Weekly Saddle Specials
Outerwear Sale - Save up ot 84%
New Horse Products
More...
Western
English
Horse Clothing
Gifts
Stable
Apparel
New
Clearance
Fly Control
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Chick's is committed to providing the highest level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our customer's
personal information, as well as that of all visitors to our website.
Personal information may be collected through the submission of account
applications and online transactions. A detailed description of Chick's
Online Privacy is provided below. If you have additional questions regarding
the privacy of your personal information, please contact us.
Respect of Right to Privacy
Chick's respects your right to privacy and
takes every precaution to provide you with the highest level of privacy
within our online store.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The collection of personal information
online is designed to protect access to your personal accounts and to assist
us in providing you with the products and services you want and need. All
personal information collected and stored by Chick's is used for our specific
business purposes.
Employing stringent security measures in
the collection of your personal information, all Chick's online transactions
are submitted to our secure server through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL),
an encrypted protocol that enables a web browser
and a web server to communicate securely.
We collect personal information not only to fulfill your order, but also to make our services more rewarding for you to use. We use this information for internal purposes, such as studying our customers' preferences and improving the customer experience. We may also use your contact information to communicate with you for account and promotional purposes.
We do not sell, rent or license any customer personal information.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us.
Limited Employee Access to Personal
Information
Chick's limits employee access to your personal
information to only those administrators with a business reason for knowing
such information. Chick's also educates all employees about the importance
of confidentiality and customer privacy.
Correcting, Updating, and Removing Your Personal Information
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in those emails, or you can contact us at privacy@chicksaddlery.com. Please note, if you opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails, you may still receive important administrative communications from us, as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services.
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, or to restrict or request deletion of personal information you have provided to us, please contact us at privacy@chicksaddlery.com. For security purposes, we will only respond to such requests regarding personal information in our database that is associated with the email address you used to send your request, and additional information may be required to verify your identity before doing so.
Please note, we will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services, including use of our websites and social media pages. If you wish to cancel your account, or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services, contact us at privacy@chicksaddlery.com. Following cancellation of your account or processing of your request for us to discontinue providing services to you, we will only retain and use your information as necessary for recordkeeping purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Questions about our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email or write us at:
Chick's Discount Saddlery
attn: Privacy
18011 South DuPont Highway
Harrington, DE 19952.
United States
privacy@chicksaddlery.com
Copyright © 2020 Chicks Discount Saddlery.