http://www.russellmaplefarm.com/privacy-policy.html
Russell Farms
HOME
STORE
Pure Maple Syrup
Pancake & Other Mixes
Honey
Candy, Cream, Coffee & Sugar
Gift Baskets
Gift Boxes
NUTRITION INFO
Pure Maple Syrup
Pancake & Other Mixes
Honey
ABOUT
Contact
Newsletter Sign Up
News & Events
WHOLESALE
RECIPES
Pure Maple Syrup
Pure Honey
Pancake & Other Mixes
Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the russellmaplefarm.com and Russell Maple & Honey Farms, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Russell Maple & Honey Farms, Inc. include russellmaplefarm.com and Russell Farms. The Russell Farms website is a ecommerce site. By using the Russell Farms website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.TRUSTe Privacy Program Russell Farms is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at russellmaplefarm@aol.com. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint. TRUSTe may serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.Collection of your Personal InformationRussell Farms may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Russell Farms's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Home    Store    Nutrition Info    About    Wholesale  Privacy Policy
© 2014 Russell Maple Farm. All Rights Reserved. Rhinebeck, New York