http://www.bookbase.com/privacy
Antiquarian books, rare, used and out of print books - the Bibliophile Bookbase has them ready to buy on-line!
Detailed Search
Login Page
Bookshops
Help
Resources & Links
Sell Books
Author:Title:Any word(s):
Privacy and Security
Privacy Policy
The expression "Bibliophile Bookbase" includes our web
sites, database and buy/enquire mechanism plus ammonet, the owner of Bibliophile
Bookbase, its director, employees and agents.
The expression "user" means anyone searching, ordering or enquiring
about items listed via the Bibliophile Bookbase web site and any other web sites using some or all of the Bibliophile Bookbase database and buy/enquire
mechanism.
Any information you provide will be treated as described here below
and will not be used or disclosed in ways to which you have not consented. By using the Bibliophile Bookbase web site and any other web sites using some or all of the Bibliophile Bookbase database and buy/enquire mechanism, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described here.
In accord with common practice, Bibliophile Bookbase servers automatically collect for statistical
purposes data regarding web site use. These include the date and time users access the web site, the internet address of the web sites from which they link to Bibliophile Bookbase, the operating system they are using, the web site pages read and images viewed, and any content they post to or download from the web site. These data are used for site promotion and system administration purposes and may be disclosed to others and permanently archived for future use. They are not linked to any
individual user.
During your use of the Bibliophile Bookbase, you may be asked voluntarily to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number and credit card
details for the purposes of enquiring about or ordering books from booksellers and for listing your wants. If the bookseller offering a book of interest to you provides a telephone, fax or e-mail address, you
can contact the bookseller directly without submitting any information to the Bibliophile Bookbase. If you wish to use our enquire or shopping cart system, at the very
least you must provide your e-mail address. However, we do not record any personal information unless you specifically and voluntarily register as a Bibliophile Bookbase user.
We do not assemble customer profiles of any kind and do not retain information about purchases made by individual users.
On rare occasions, Bibliophile Bookbase might have to send you an automatic e-mail of a technical nature. We do not send promotional e-mail nor automatic e-mail asking for your login ID or password. In view of the common practice of "spoofing" e-mail return addresses, any promotional or non-technical e-mail purporting to originate from us should be treated with suspicion and discarded.
Bibliophile Bookbase never sells nor passes on e-mail addresses or other user details except in case of fraud or other illegal activity related to our web site and other web sites using some or all of the Bibliophile Bookbase database and buy/enquire mechanism. In the event of fraud, we pro-actively and vigorously collaborate with the law enforcement authorities. Note that we have no control over, nor liability for, law enforcement authorities' use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to the present privacy policy.
If you use the Bibliophile Bookbase on behalf of another person or
organisation, such as your employer, if requested to do so, we might provide your personal information to that authorising
person or organisation.
By ordering or enquiring about books using the Bibliophile
Bookbase, you consent to the transmission
to the bookseller(s) from whom you order
books and to your credit card company of whatever information you have provided. Note that we have no control over, nor liability for,
booksellers' use and disclosure of your personal information, and that use and disclosure is not subject to the present privacy policy.
When a registered user accesses his personal administration zone via the login page, the data displayed are a complete record of all information provided by the user and stored by Bibliophile Bookbase in relation to that user. If the user deletes his registration, all data relating to that user are immediately and permanently deleted from our databases.
The Bibliophile Bookbase does not use cookies.
The Bibliophile Bookbase contains links to other web sites and internet resources, including web sites operated by booksellers. When you click on one of those links, you are
leaving the Bibliophile Bookbase and accessing another web site. Since the Bibliophile Bookbase has no control over those other web sites, we accept no responsibility or liability for their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Should the Bibliophile Bookbase be involved in the sale or transfer of some or all of its business, as part of that sale or transfer,
the Bibliophile Bookbase might disclose your personal information to the acquiring
organisation, but will require the acquiring organisation to agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this
privacy policy. The Bibliophile Bookbase has no liability for the acquiring
organisation's use and disclosure of your personal information. Any such sale or
transfer would be announced to all Bibliophile Bookbase users, who would have
the opportunity to log in to their personal administration zones and delete their
registrations.
To accommodate changes in the Bibliophile Bookbase, changing technology and legal developments, this
privacy policy may be updated from time to time. Our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be governed by the version of this
privacy policy in effect at that time. Your continued use of the Bibliophile Bookbase subsequent to any changes to this
privacy policy will signify your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the changed
privacy policy.
This version has been in effect since 1 May, 2004
Security
To help protect the confidentiality of users' personal information,
the Bibliophile Bookbase employs reasonable security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Nevertheless, security risks cannot be eliminated and we cannot guarantee that your personal information will not be used or disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this
privacy policy.
Credit card data transmission employs the
ammonet Secure
system which utilises
the most modern, industry-standard encryption technology available. Transmitted
data are encrypted in transit, both from the buyer's computer to our server and
from our server to the merchant's computer. Unlike some other services, we store
all of our data on the secure server
in encrypted form. Nevertheless, we cannot definitively exclude the possibility
that our server could be accessed by unauthorised intruders. We therefore offer
no guarantee whatsoever that any data stored on our server are immune to
unauthorised access, and we accept no responsibility whatsoever for damages
arising from compromised encryption on our servers. We advise all of our
booksellers to delete data that are unlikely to be of future use.
Home | Detailed Search | Login | Bookshops | Sell Books | Resources & Links | View Basket | Help | About Us | Privacy & Security | Conditions of Use | Contact Us
Use of this web site is governed by Conditions of Use, which may be found here.Copyright © 1999 - 2010 ammonet InfoTech. All rights reserved.