http://www.oxforddiecast.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
These conditions apply to the use of this website and by accessing this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the conditions set out below.
Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these conditions or any problems when attempting to order online then please contact customerservice@oxforddiecast.co.uk or telephone us on +44 (0) 2380 248850.
Definitions
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions; "Goods" means a product displayed for sale on the website; "Product Description" means that part of the website where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided; "We/Us" means Oxford Diecast Limited; "Website" means the website located at www.oxforddiecast.co.uk/.com, www.oxfordrail.co.uk/.com or any subsequent URL which may replace these; "You" means a user of this Website.
We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you acknowledge that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the website.
We also reserve the right to change the conditions from time to time.
Damage to your computer
We make every effort to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects. However, We cannot guarantee that your use of this website or any websites accessible through it will not cause damage to your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is available to use the website and screen out anything that may damage it. We will not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.
Description of Goods
We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of goods appearing on the website are correct at all times and we aim to keep the website as up to date as possible.
It is understood and agreed that product images are not necessarily representative of the finished model.
Packaging may vary from that shown. The weights, dimensions and capacities given are approximate only.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours of our products that appear on the Website. However, as the actual colours You see will depend on your computer monitor, We cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colour will accurately reflect the colour of the product on delivery. To the extent permitted by applicable law, We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website. We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website. We confirm that where required our goods conform to the CE (Conformité Européenne / European Conformity) Marking Directive by independent accredited test laboratories. Many of our products are for those aged 14 plus, for modelling and hobby use.
In rare instances, should it occur that an item becomes unavailable prior to your checking out, you will be notified that the item is no longer available during the checkout process.
All items are subject to availability. If during processing we discover for any unforeseen reason that we cannot complete the order we will cancel the order and email you explaining why (for instance, a stock shortage, inability to obtain payment, a product, or product description fault).
We will not supply substitute products without contacting you first.
If one item is out of stock we will only ship the available goods and your payment method will be debited with the value of the despatched goods rather than the whole order value.
Certain models photographed on this website are hand finished prototypes. The final quality of factory-produced models will be superior. All measurements are approximate. We reserve the right to improve and amend specifications on all models.
Intellectual Property
‘Oxford’ is a registered trademark and the property of LCD Enterprises Ltd. The content of the website also includes but not limited to designs, titles, trade dress, art work and logos protected by copyright and intellectual property rights.  Registered and unregistered trademarks as well as any content of the website shall not be used or reproduced without our written consent.
All other trademarks and/or content that appear on this Website are the property of their respective owners. You acknowledge You shall be solely liable for unauthorised use of this property.
Prices
All prices are displayed inclusive of VAT and are payable in British Pounds.
Unless otherwise specified prices payable for the goods are exclusive of delivery and are subject to our right to require payment of delivery charges, insurance costs, customs duties, special handling charges and/or packaging charges as appropriate.
We have the right at any time to revise prices to take into account increases in costs including (without limitation) costs of agreed changes in any taxes, duties, levies or exchange rates or costs arising as a result of site conditions, delays, interruptions, lack of information and any other factor beyond our control.
Orders and Delivery
Orders must only be placed by persons aged eighteen (18) or over and with full legal capacity. Persons under eighteen (18) or persons who do not possess full legal capacity shall not use this website nor place an order without supervision by a parent or guardian.
All delivery charges must be paid by you. Delivery shall be made at the address specified by You at the time of ordering. We will make every effort to deliver within the times specified and We shall use our best endeavours to deliver the goods to you within seven (7) working days from the confirmation of order. However the exact time for delivery cannot be guaranteed as it is subject to third parties.
All times or dates given for delivery of the goods are only estimates given in good faith and are not conditions or warranties of contract.
If the goods are required for a specific date we recommended they are ordered well in advance to avoid any disappointment.
Delivery charges vary depending on the type of products ordered and the service you select and can only be refunded in accordance with your legal rights under the Distance Selling Regulations and other legislation.
At the time the goods are delivered to the address given by you the risk in the goods shall pass to you and you shall be solely responsible for the custody and maintenance thereof.
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless should the products not be delivered due to you providing us with an incorrect address.
Payment
Payment may be made by any of the methods indicated on the website. Goods will not be shipped unless payment is received in full. We will pass on your bank/credit card details to the Payment Interface for processing. We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the website.
Payment is automatically authorised online and your credit/debit card will be charged when the order is accepted and the items are ready to be despatched.
For pre-order items your credit/debit card will be verified at the time when your order is placed but you will not be charged until the items are available and ready to despatch. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for delivery.
Damaged or Defective Goods
If, in the unlikely event, your goods arrive in a damaged condition or are defective, You must inform us as soon as is practically possible and in any event no later than fourteen (14) days after discovery. Failure to do so will deem that you have accepted the goods.
The goods must be unmodified, have been properly used under normal conditions and have been properly stored, installed and maintained.
The goods or parts thereof should be returned to us in its original packaging together with supporting documentation giving the invoice number and the nature of the defect or shortage.
For further information on returning goods, please refer to our Customer Care section.
If for any reason a replacement is not available for a damaged or defective item then we will refund the value of the returned goods by the original payment method.
Right to cancel
Under the Distance Selling Regulations you have the legal right to cancel your order within fourteen (14) working days of receipt of the goods. If for any reason you are not entirely happy with your order we will refund the value of the goods supplied provided that you first notify us of your intention to cancel using the procedure outlined herein and providing that the goods, together with the original invoice, are returned to us in perfect condition and in the original packaging to the address specified on the invoice within fourteen (14) working days after the day of delivery. A certificate of posting should be obtained as We cannot be held responsible for the non-delivery of Goods to our address without it.
To cancel your order please telephone Us on +44 (0) 2380 248850.
Cancellation by us
We reserve the right to cancel the order if:
We have insufficient stock to deliver the Goods You have ordered
We cannot obtain payment
A product, price, or offer description fault has been identified
We do not or cannot deliver to your area/Country
If we do cancel your contract we will notify You by e-mail and will re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us from your credit card as soon as possible but in any event within thirty (30) days of your order.
We reserve the right to withdraw any goods from this website at any time and/or remove or edit any materials or content on this website. We may refuse to process a transaction for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion. We will not be liable to You or any third party by reason of our withdrawing any goods from this website whether or not those goods have been sold; removing or editing any materials or content on the website; refusing to process a transaction or unwinding or suspending any transaction after processing has begun.
Returns
We want you to be totally satisfied with your purchase. If for any reason you are not entirely happy with your order we will refund the value of the goods supplied provided that you first notify us of your intention to cancel using the procedure outlined here and providing that the goods, together with the original invoice, are returned to us in perfect condition and in the original packaging to the address specified on the invoice within seven (7) working days after the day of delivery. A certificate of posting should be obtained as We cannot be held responsible for the non-delivery of Goods to our address without it.
For further information on returning goods, please refer to our Customer Care section on the Website.
User Generated Content
User generated content (“UGC”) refers to submissions made to our website from users not employed by Oxford Diecast Ltd.
By posting to our website, you acknowledge and agree you are granting Oxford Diecast Ltd permission to use your work, free of charge, including but not limited to on our websites, social media channels and in printed and online publications. It is understood you remain the owner of the work and you can continue to share and use your content as you like.
This permission also allows Oxford Diecast Ltd to share UGC with trusted third parties, such as external companies that assist in producing promotional assets.
When using and sharing UGC we will endeavour to ensure the submissions are not altered in any way, although some editing may be required including but not limited to cropping of images as well as correcting spelling and grammatical errors.
UGC submitted to Oxford Diecast Ltd is assumed to be your own original content unless specifically stated otherwise. If you have used the work of others you must have obtained the necessary rights or permissions to use it. If your content clearly identifies anyone else you acknowledge they have consented to the content being used by yourself as well as Oxford Diecast Ltd.
We shall not be liable for any claims arising out of the use of third party work.
You shall indemnify and hold us harmless of any and all claims arising out of the use of third party work.
Where possible Oxford Diecast Ltd will always credit the creator of the UGC and will link back to the original location.
On occasion it may be required for Oxford Diecast Ltd to contact you regarding content you have submitted. Where possible this will be via email (on the email address attached to your website account) but we may use other internal systems to find your contact information (orders placed with Oxford Diecast Ltd, or previous emails sent to us are two examples).
If you do not wish to have your content used by Oxford Diecast Ltd, this shall be clearly stated with your submission. We will always attempt to adhere to your wishes but it is understood there may be circumstances where, for any reason, it may not be possible to remove the UGC you’ve submitted, such as in a printed magazine.
Should some UGC used by Oxford Diecast Ltd be judged offensive, infringe your or anybody else’s copyright, or is unlawful in any way, please contact us immediately stating the content at fault and where you have seen it. There are a number of ways of contacting us including but not limited to our websites and Customer Care +44 (0) 2380 248850.
We shall not be liable for any claim arising out of the content of any UGC.
Data Protection
When placing orders we will add your name, address and email to data file along with the items that you have ordered– we won’t keep your credit card details on file. We need the data in order to progress the order – we will keep the data on file as a record of the order.
If you want this data removed, you should contact the email customerservice@oxforddiecast.co.uk. If this data is removed we will no longer be able to support you in respect of any questions you have regarding the history of order, or any order queries– this does not affect your consumer rights. We will remove the data from file within 28 days.
Our website also offers an ‘receive email update’ option. We ask for your email address and first and last name. We use this data to email you, notifying you of our latest releases and information about our products. On receipt of these emails you can unsubscribe – when you unsubscribe the email will be removed form our mailing list, any data connected to that email will also be removed from our files.
We do not share the data we have about you with any third party.
Personal Information
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Any personal information such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address that was given via this website will only be used to provide a requested service and will not be disclosed to any other third party without your prior permission or unless we are required to do so by law.
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
In accordance with GDPR Oxford Diecast takes your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. With your permission, we may send you occasional emails about our store, new products, new offers and other updates. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at sales@oxforddiecast.co.uk. We will treat your information with respect.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
General Information
Any non-personal information such as IP address, pages accessed, and files downloaded will only be used to determine how many individuals use our site, how many people visit on a regular basis, which pages are most popular, and which pages are least popular. This information doesn’t tell us anything about who you are or where you live, it is simply used to enable us to monitor and improve our service.
Links
This website may contain links to third party sites we have no control over, if you visit those sites you should check you are happy with their own privacy policies and terms of use before providing any personal information. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of that third party site.
Third party services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which these providers will handle your personal information.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Your Acceptance
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information by Oxford Diecast in accordance with our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.
Our use of cookies
Our website uses various cookies to enhance your user experience. Cookies are small files that are often placed onto your computer via your web browser automatically when you visit a website.
These cookies allow us to Run our website (Shopify & PHP Sessions) Provide dynamic content (Image Sliders & Cookie Bar) Understand your usage of our website in order to improve it in the future (through the use of Google Analytics).
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not:
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
Liability
In any case we shall not be held liable other than to the extent permitted by law. You acknowledge You shall indemnify and hold us harmless for all losses including but not limited to direct, indirect and consequential loss.
Your statutory rights are not affected by these conditions. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude our liability in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of the conditions. For further information about your statutory rights contact your local authority Trading Standards Department or Citizens' Advice Bureau.
Legal Notices
There may be legal notices on other areas of this website which relate to your use of this website, all of which will, together with these conditions govern your use of this website.
Law and Jurisdiction
This website, any content contained herein and any contract brought into being as a result of usage of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with English Law. The parties to any such contract agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. All contracts are concluded in English.
Severance
If any part of the conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the conditions.
Survival
Each provision of the conditions shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
Contact
Oxford Diecast Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales under number 2869520 whose registered office is Unit 6 Ystrad Trade Park, Ystrad Road, Swansea SA5 4JB. VAT Reg No GB 630623078.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping Basket.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go To Basket
Go To Wishlist
Close
Top
Quantity:
Subtotal:
Add to Basket
Close