https://www.vvapplianceparts.com/sections/policies#warranty
Model Search:
Part Search:
0 Items in Cart
Order Securely Online
Home
Locations
Contact
Policies
Wholesale Login
Site Policies and Terms
Shipping Policy
We ship all packages via FedEx Ground, UPS ground, or US Mail. Other services including express shipping are available, for more information please call 1-800-321-2704.
All orders received before 4:00 EST, Monday-Friday will ship the same day. All other orders will ship the next business day.
Oversize / Heavy items: Certain parts are very large and / or heavy. Additional shipping charges may apply. You will be contacted before any additional charges will be made. No items that fall into this category will be shipped without your consent.
Shipping Rates
$8.95 flat rate shipping for all orders in the continental US.
$29.95 flat rate shipping for all orders shipped to Canada.
International shipping: Any international orders other than Canada will have shipping quoted before the product leaves our warehouse. Additional charges may apply.
Return Policy
All non-electrical, non gas carrying, or non special order parts can be returned within 30 days of ordering for a full refund, excluding shipping charges.
Parts can be returned between 30 and 90 days, but a 20% restocking fee will be applied.
Please fill out return form on the website to get a return merchandise authorization (RMA) number. If return application is not available, please call 1-800-321-2704 to get your RMA number.
All refunds will be provided as a credit to the credit card used at the time of purchase.
All credits will be issued within 5 business days upon receipt of the returned item(s).
All parts must be unused and in their original packaging.
For more information or questions on a specific purchase, please call customer service at 1-800-321-2704.
Product Warranty
All parts come with a minimum 60 day warranty from date of purchase. Many items have a full one year warranty, and some items have a lifetime warranty. For specific warranty information on a certain item please call for details.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested)
To send periodic emails (The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.vvapplianceparts.com
27 W. Myrtle Ave
Youngstown, Ohio 44507
United States
info@vvapplianceparts.com
Home
LocationsContact
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Warranty Info
Privacy Policy
Appliance LookupCan't Find a Part
Part Number Index
© V&V Appliance Parts Inc.All Rights Reserved.