https://www.thetoypeddler.com/privacy-policy.htm
View Toys:
Search By:
Keyword
Item #
Member
privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. We want you to fully understand our privacy practices and therefore, in addition to this Privacy Policy.
Overview
The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and sub-domains of www.thetoypeddler.com (the "Site") and apply generally to our subsidiaries. By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.
This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services, which we collect from you and what may happen to that information. We have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about our practices so that you can make informed decisions.
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users.
Use of the Site by Children.
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Site unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Site in conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or guardians.
Information We Collect.
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
If you choose to buy or sell on the Site, we collect information about your buying and selling behavior. We also collect other users' comments about you in our feedback area.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Our Use of Your Information.
We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy.
If you choose to list an item for sale on the Site, or otherwise provide us with your financial information, we use your address and billing information to bill you and provide associated support.
You agree that we may use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize the Site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site.
You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications through the Your Account area. You may make changes to your notification preferences at any time.
Our Disclosure of Your Information.
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services.
The Toy Peddler Community. Your ID is displayed throughout the Site and is therefore available to the public. All of your activities on the Site will be identifiable to your ID. Other people can see your feedback and associated comments, your postings on the Site, and so on. Therefore, if you associate your name with your ID, the people you have revealed your name to will be able to personally identify your activities. We provide a number of ways to allow other users to find out more about you and your site activities, such as our feature that allows users to quickly see all of the items you are offering at the time. If you are involved in a transaction, we have features that allow other users to view your email address and obtain your contact and shipping information to help complete the transaction. Further, we may send out notices to you or other community members regarding suspicious activity or policy violations on the Site.
Internal Service Providers for Our Operations. We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you (e.g., search technology, discussion boards, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
Legal Requests. The Toy Peddler cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, ID history, fraud complaints, and bidding and listing history without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Your Use of Other Users' Information.
In order to facilitate interaction among all members, our Site allows you limited access other users' contact and shipping information. As a seller you have access to the ID, email address and other contact and shipping information of the buyer, and as a buyer you have access to the ID, email address and other contact information of the seller.
By entering into our User Agreement, you agree that, with respect to other users' personal information that you obtain through the Site, The Toy Peddler hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: (a) The Toy Peddler-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, (b) using services offered through The Toy Peddler, and (c) any other purpose that a user expressly agrees to after you tell them the purpose you would like to use it for. In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personal information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of that user. You agree that other users may use your personal information to communicate with you in accordance with this Section.
The Toy Peddler and our users do not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add a The Toy Peddler user, even a user who has purchased an item from you, to your mail list (email or physical mail) without their express consent.
Use of Email Tools.
You may not use the Contact This Seller service or other email services that we offer to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement. We do not permanently store email messages or the email addresses sent from these tools. We do not rent or sell these email addresses.
Control of Your Password.
You are responsible for all actions taken with your ID and password, including fees charged to your account. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your password to any third parties. If you choose to share your ID and password or your personal information with third parties, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information.
We offer you the ability to automatically review and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Site and entering in the new information yourself. Generally, we will not modify your personal information based on your request because it is very difficult to authenticate your account manually. You can change your email address, contact information, financial information, shipping information and user preferences by going to the Your Account section and selecting the option to update your profile.
Your ID can be changed on request by sending an email to help@thetoypeddler.com. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once posted, you may not be able to change or remove any public postings made on the Site including those made in the feedback area.
Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, email help@thetoypeddler.com. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible based on your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
We will retain in our files some personal information you have requested to remove to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our User Agreement and comply with legal requirements as is permitted by law. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will be deactivated from public and member viewing and will only be available to select personnel.
Other Information Collectors.
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are buyers or sellers on our site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Since The Toy Peddler does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Security.
Your information is stored on The Toy Peddler's servers located in the United States. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Privacy Tools.
It is our goal to make our privacy practices easy to understand. If you have questions about any part of this summary or if you would like more detailed information, we encourage you to review our full privacy policy and/or contact us at help@thetoypeddler.com.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amend terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
Return to the home page
Home
|
Toy Listings
|
Links
|
Suggestions
|
Site Map
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the User Agreement and Privacy Policy. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of The Toy Peddler and their respective owners. © Copyright 2005. All Rights Reserved.