https://www.buttrub.com/privacy-policy/
Products:
Butt Rub® Barbeque Seasoning
Butt Rub® Barbeque Sauce
Happy Holla BBQ Seasoning
Jubilee® Seafood Seasoning
Unca Duke’s Geaux Jus® Premium Pepper Sauce
Mrs. Lil’s Premium Southern Honey
Butt Rub® Cafe Whole Bean Coffee
Bad Byron’s Butt Rub® Roasted Peanuts
Butt Wear and Gifts
Product Ingredients
Effective 3/1/07
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Bad Byron’s Specialty Food Products, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address/Shipping Information
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Comments and Recipes
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address/Shipping Information
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses to answer the email we receive and to send you an occasional (1 or 2 times per year) email that we believe you may find of interest. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties except for purposes of allowing the shipper to send confirmation of order shipment.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may look at site traffic information to determine X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website so that we may improve our presentation, but we will not use anything that could be used to identify individuals, for such purposes.
We also use your positive comments about us and our products, and recipes you share that use our products to share with other visitors to our website. If you would rather we not share your comments and recipes, please let us know.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-877-BUTTRUB or drop us a line via our guestbook at http://buttrub.com/contact.
Laura C, West Chester PA.
"You sell the BEST tasting herb/spice combination ever."
Debra B., Camden, SC
"This is the best spice I have ever had, I put it on everything from fish to eggs."
Anne S., Eastsound, WA
"A red-neck cousin who lives on the panhandle turned us on to Butt Rub®. We LOVE it!"
Gisele N., The Old Fashion Lobster Bake and BBQ Co.
"Thanks for making such a great product; our customers cannot believe the flavor of our food."
Pam B., Villa Park, CA
"I love your products and can not live without them. I use Buttrub® on everything! It is great on all meats, vegetables, eggs and especially great in rice. Your honey is fabulous as well."
Craig M., Land O’ Lakes, FL
"Bad Byron's Butt Rub® is the best seasoning on the Street! Bar None!"
Zelda O., Portland, OR
"Our Family just loves your products.
Butt Rub seems to NEED to be on everything!!!"
Carol S., Concord, NC
"Butt Rub is the very best barbeque seasoning we have ever tasted!
It is the best for chicken, fish or meat."
Pamela S.
"EVERYBODY that I introduce to this product becomes a "butt-rub" loyalist! You have supporters from Ohio to TN and points beyond to Texas! I can't go home without it. Keep it comin'!! It's great stuff!"
Dianne R., Myersville, MD
"It's an emergency.
I need Butt Rub and we don't live without it.
PLEASE call me ASAP I mean I need it quick!"
Gail N., Montgomery, AL
"Some dishes I have prepared for years, I have seasoned with Butt Rub and suddenly they're WONDERFUL!
I'm truly amazed!"
Michael M., Alsip, IL
"Saw you on the Food Network and this stuff better be good. :) Congrats on the win...and your Mom is adorable."
Devin C., Willow Creek, CA
"You have by far, the best rub made! I bbq and cook alot and I have used other rubs and why buy something else when the Butt Rub overshadows them by far! A very superior product, thank you!"
John M, Norristown, PA.
"You have great products and the clothing makes people smile."
David C., Lake Wales, FL
"This is the best stuff we've ever had on chicken, ribs, or brisket.
What a treat!"
Carl S., Portland, OR
"the best darn spice on the planet!!"
Keith D., Radford, VA
"I haven't found a meat that it's not good on yet. From venison to tuna, Butt Rub® ROCKS!!!"
Jeffery C., Bay City MI
"I have tried Butt Rub on everything and it is the very best seasoning I have ever tasted."
Deanne P., Danville, IA
"Hands down you have the best spice - we love it - the kids love it - the kids love it!!!!"
Rhonda T., Hobbs, NM
"Thank you for your product and your service.
You guys are #1 in customer service.
I enjoy the personal notes and little freebie goodies in each order."
Angela H.
"Ya'll not only have the BEST seasoning ever, but you are also the nicest company that I have ever dealt with! Thank You So Much!"
Eric Z., Flemington, NJ
"There simply is no finer spice mixture on the surface of the planet Earth."
Lynn M., Mechanicville, NY
"This is the best we've used....We have been using this product for about 3 years, on everything!!!"
Milton B., Slidell, LA
"A fella Q'er gave me a jar of your Butt Rub...Good nite Irene, this stuff is awesome!"
Jerry B., Raymondville, TX
"I have tried your Butt Rub and it is excellent.
Best rub made."
Scott L., Forest City, IA
"Finest seasoning we have ever used!!"
Shawn J., Portsmouth, VA
"Bad Byron's is still the best!  I tell all my friends about you."
Lee L., Sylvania, GA
"We love Butt Rub!
Can't live without it!
We put it on everything from meat to vegetables to bread!
I believe we are addicted!!
THANKS FOR SUCH A GREAT PRODUCT!"
Gabe T., Tracy, CA
"The best I ever used."
Darren O., “North of the Border”
"You guys make the Very best Seasoning In North America...."
Robert M., Northbridge, MA
"Your product is absolutely fantastic."
Mike K., Ft. Collins, CO
"Roman Soldiers were often paid in salt, maybe Rome would still be a world power if they had paid with 'Butt Rub®'!"
Richard R., Austin, TX
"GOOOOOOD Stuff!!!!!!!!!!!!! And that is quite a compliment...coming from a True Texan!!!!!"
Terry K., Charlotte, NC
"You are awesome. Thank you. There is truly no better product on the market. We put this on everything!"
Karen W., Palm Harbor, FL
"This is the most awesome seasoning!!! My husband couldn't live without it!"
Clarke W., Barefoot Casual, Miramar Beach, Florida
“Unca Duke’s is sure to put collard greens on the endangered list.”
Steve J., Raleigh, NC
"Here in the heart of bbq country, your seasonings are the best!!"
Norm W., McKenzie, TN
"This is the best dry rub, 'EVER'."
join for the latest news: