http://www.recordsbymail.com/help/faq.php
FAQ | Craig Moerer Records By Mail
CRAIG MOERER
RECORDS BY MAIL
Browse
Want List
Sign In
Playlists
Features
Collections
Help
Sell us your collection!
About Us
Contact Us
Help
Shipping & Returns
Record Grading
FAQ
Sell Your Collection
Privacy & Security
Browse
New Arrivals
Rarities
Best Sellers
New Product
Rock & Pop
Soul
Blues & R&B
Oldies
Jazz
Funk
Vocal Groups
Rockabilly
Country
Vocalists
Brazilian
Punk/New Wave
Easy Listening
Soundtrack & Cast
Reggae
Black Gospel
Rap/Hip-Hop
Latin
International
Metal
Show All Categories
x
Search
Search options
Keyword
Artist
Title
Label
Item #
Detailed search
Sign In
Cart0
Want List
Now playing
FAQ
Finding an item
How do I search for an item?
From the search box at the top of every page you can search by artist, title and/or record label; just enter as many or as few search keywords as you would like. Searching for "Elvis" will give results for Elvis Presley as well as Elvis Costello — “Elvis Presley” will only return titles by Elvis Presley — you can always focus your search results by adding more words. You can also search more specifically by artist, title, record label or item number by clicking the caret icon in the search field. The Detailed Search option allows you to apply different filters at once, such as price, genre, label, recently added, etc.
Additionally, if you are searching for a particular subgenre (ie 'modern soul ballad'), type of pressing (ie "test pressing", "multi-colored wax") or other specific sub-categories, you may type those key words into the Notes section of Detailed Search. You may also search by single key word, like "autograph" or "obscure" or "Japan," using the Notes filter.**
**note: when using the Notes filter in the Detailed Search, it is advisable to conduct variations of the same search. For example, if searching for "garage psych" you might also search "psych garage" for increased results.
How are search results displayed?
The default search results are displayed alphabetically by the artist's last name or group name, with all of the in-stock titles listed first. You have the option to change the search results display in several ways: alphabetically by title or label, sorted by price (high to low / low to high), or by the date they were added.
How often is the inventory updated?
The online inventory is updated in real-time. When we add a title to our database, it will be available for purchase immediately. As soon as an item is purchased, it is immediately removed from the online inventory.
What information is provided for each title?
Each entry indicates reference number, genre, speed (LP/45/12), artist name, title, label, label number, grade, comments and price. All prices are in US dollars. Unless noted, every record is an original issue for the label and catalog number given.
What does “Add to want list” mean?
Records By Mail offers you the ability to be notified as soon as one of your most-wanted titles comes into stock. Simply find the title you are looking for. If it is not currently available, just click the “Add to want list” link, enter your email address, and we will let you know as soon as the title becomes available.
Shopping Cart
How long does my shopping cart save my items?
Your shopping cart will hold items indefinitely, however these items are not reserved for your purchase until you have checked out, and may be purchased by other shoppers during the time that they are held in your cart. This will happen infrequently if your cart is not left for an extended period of time before your purchase. If a title in your cart has been purchased by another customer, you will be notified before the order is submitted, so that you have an opportunity to make changes.
How do I delete items and update quantities in my shopping cart?
Beneath the quantity field for each item in your shopping cart, there is a button that reads “Remove”. By clicking this link, it will remove that title. You may also change the quantity of an item in your cart by entering the quantity of that item or by using the “+” and “-” buttons.
How do you estimate shipping charges in the shopping cart?
Although you may add titles to your shopping cart without entering a shipping address or logging in as a customer, your shipping preferences and address are unknown, so the estimated shipping charge is based on the default shipping preference for your country. When you enter a shipping address during checkout or sign in, you will see the actual shipping charges before you place your order.
Checkout & Ordering
How do I place an order?
Once you've found something you like, click the “Add to Cart” button. When you've decided on the items you'd like to purchase, just click on the “Check Out Now” button on your shopping cart. If you haven't shopped with us, you can use our guest checkout feature with the option of creating an account after your order is complete. After you've signed in or entered your shipping and payment information you'll have a chance to preview your order. If everything looks good, click the “Place Order” button and wait for your online invoice.
May I place my orders by phone?
Absolutely, feel free to give us a call at (503) 232-1735. Our dedicated staff is here to help you Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Pacific Standard Time.
Is my credit card charged as soon as I submit my order?
Credit card transactions are authorized shortly after your order has been placed, however the amount is not actually debited from your card until the items have been picked and pulled.
Payment
What types of payment do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express), PayPal, checks, money orders and cash (in US dollars). Paying by credit card will expedite the processing and shipping of your order.
How do I pay by check, money order, or cash?
When prompted for your payment method during checkout, select “Check”. Once your order has been pulled, you will receive email instructions on where to send payment.
Shipping & Returns
How long will it take to receive my order?
Records By Mail offers several shipping methods with various delivery timetables. Please refer to our Shipping & Returns page for details.
How much will it cost to ship my order?
Recordsbymail.com offers several shipping methods that vary in price. Please refer to our Shipping & Returns page for details.
Can my order be shipped internationally?
Absolutely! We have been shipping internationally for more than 30 years, with satisfied customers in over 60 countries. We offer several international shipping options. Please refer to our Shipping & Returns page for details.
If I would like to return an item, how do I do this?
We endeavor to provide superior service, but if we make an error, we'll make every effort to make it right — either by refunding all costs involved, or adjusting the selling price to everyone's satisfaction. Be sure to Contact Us first before returning any items.
Security & Privacy
Are credit card transactions secure?
We use the latest security and encryption technology to protect your credit card and other information. All orders placed through the shopping cart are made using secure server software (SSL). All your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, is encrypted so that it cannot be read by anyone else on the internet. Visit our Privacy & Security page for more information.
Do you share my personal information with anyone else?
The personal information you submit to us will not be shared, sold, or disclosed to third parties in any form, for any purposes, at any time. We will also not disclose your sales history to third parties for any purposes, at any time. Information on items you purchase will not be shared with other businesses or customers, online or off. Visit our Privacy & Security page for more information.
Order Status
What does “in process” mean?
If your order is in the status of “in process” it means that it is currently being processed at our warehouse location. Generally items are “in process” for no longer than 48 hours after payment for an order has been received (excluding weekends.)
What does “shipped” mean?
“Shipped” means that your order is complete and on its way.
What does “cancelled” mean?
“Cancelled” means that your order has been cancelled. This may happen for a variety of reasons, occasionally a credit card cannot be processed as submitted, or you may have requested that the order be cancelled. If an order has been cancelled, it means that you have not been charged, and the items are no longer on order. If you would still like the items, you will need to resubmit the order.
Cancelled Orders
Can I change or cancel my order after it's been placed?
Orders cannot be changed once they have been placed, however an order may be cancelled if the request for cancellation is received within an hour or two of the time the order was submitted.
Why has my order been cancelled?
This may happen for a variety of reasons, occasionally a credit card cannot be processed as submitted, or you may have requested that the order be cancelled.
Will items be in stock if I re-order after a cancellation?
If an order has been cancelled, it means that you have not been charged, and the items are no longer on order. If you would still like the items, you will need to resubmit the order. We cannot guarantee that the titles will still be available.
Unavailable Items
There were some items that were unavailable in my last order, how can I keep track of which ones they were?
You will find a list of all items ordered, including items not found, in your email shipping confirmation message. This list will also be available in your Order History.
Are the unavailable items from my order on backorder?
No. Unavailable items are not on backorder and have not been charged to your credit card. You may add these titles to your Want List and we will let you know as soon as they come back into stock.
My Account
How do I set up a new account?
If you are a new customer, just fill out our basic registration form on our Sign In page. You will create a password and fill out a simple shipping and billing information form.
How do I change my shipping or billing information?
You may change your shipping or billing information at any time by clicking on the My Account link at the top of any page. You will need to sign in using your email address and password, and then you will be given the ability to make changes to your shipping and billing information. You may also edit your account information from the checkout page.
Can I review my current order status and order history online?
Absolutely! Just Sign In, using your email address and password, and then click the My Account link at the top of any page.
I have forgotten my password, how do I access my account?
Simply enter your email address in the Forgot Password page and we will email instructions on how to retrieve your password immediately.
Want List
How do I create a want list?
Simply find the title you are looking for. If it is not currently available, just click the “Add to want list” button, enter your email address, and we will let you know as soon as the title becomes available. Please keep in mind that we may only have one copy of a particular title at a given time. Since some titles have many want list requests it's always a good idea to respond quickly to your email alerts.
How do I access my want list?
Simply click the Want List link at the top of any page, enter your email address, and you will see all of the titles on your want list.
How long will items on my want list last?
Items will remain on your want list for 6 months at which point they will automatically expire unless they have been renewed manually. You may remove a title at any time by clicking on the “Remove” button. Items will be removed automatically when they are purchased by you.
How do I buy an item from my want list when it arrives?
When you receive an email notification that the item you want has come into stock, just click on the link in the email, and you will be taken directly to the item in question.
I have been notified that a title that I requested has come into stock, but when I click through the link, the title is no longer available. Why is this?
Since we deal primarily in rare and one-of-a-kind items, we may only have one copy of a particular title at a given time. Since some titles have many want list requests it's always a good idea to respond quickly to your email alerts.
How do I remove an item in my want list?
Just click the Want List link at the top of any page and click the “Remove” button next to the item you no longer want.
Newsletter
How do I manage my subscribtion to the RBM newsletter?
To subscribe, simply scroll to the “Newsletter” section at bottom of any page, enter your email address, and you're subscribed! You may also check or un-check the “YES! Send me the RBM newsletter” box which is located in the “Customer Information” section on the My Account page.
How do I unsubscribe?
Miscellaneous
Does Records By Mail require cookies?
Yes. A cookie is an electronic identifier, consisting of a small string of numbers & letters, which your browser uses to track items when you place them in your shopping cart. This keeps your shopping cart distinct from those of other users. As soon as you complete a purchase, your cookie will expire. These cookies do not contain any personal information about you, and cannot be used by any third party to access your information. If you've signed in but haven't placed an order, your identity will be known to the computer until you have shut down or signed out. If your computer is publicly accessible, you may wish to log off when leaving the computer.
How do I contact RBM if I have a question?
Our dedicated staff is here to help you Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Pacific Standard Time. Visit our Contact Us page for contact information.
Can I sell my collection to Records By Mail?
Sure! Visit our Sell Your Collection page for more information.
Connect With Us
Monthly Newsletter
© 1996-2020 Records By Mail LLC