https://www.k9sport.co.uk/terms
TERMS & CONDITIONS
This Website is owned and operated by K9SPORT
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.k9sport.com (the “Site”).
Personal information we collect
When you visit the Site, we don’t collect any information about your device or the individual web pages or products that you view. The Site does not use cookies.
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
How we use your personal information
We use the Order Information that we collect to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Once an order has been fulfilled - your personal information is deleted.
We do not use order Information to communicate with you for marketing purposes.
We do not share your personal information with third parties.
If you have questions about our privacy practises please contact us by e-mail at jenny@k9sport.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Runners Retreat, Leybourne, West Malling, Kent ME19 5QY
WEEE Regulations
The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive is now UK law. The legislation aims to make producers pay for the collection, treatment and recovery of waste electrical equipment. The regulations also mean that suppliers of equipment like high street shops and internet retailers must allow consumers to return their waste equipment free of charge.
The amount of WEEE we throw away is increasing by around 5% each year, making it the fastest growing waste stream in the UK.
· Much of the UK’s WEEE ends up in landfill, where the lead and other toxins it contains can cause soil and water contamination. This can have a harmful effect on natural habitat, wildlife and also human health.
· Many electrical items that we throw away can be repaired or recycled. Recycling items helps to save our natural finite resources and also reduces the environmental and health risks associated with sending electrical goods to landfill.
Distributors of new Electric and Electronic Equipment (EEE) have a part to play in reducing the amount of WEEE going into landfill sites.
Runners Retreat is obliged under these regulations to offer our customers free take-back of their WEEE on a like-for-like basis when they buy a new Electrical or Electronic product from us.
For example, if a customer bought a new sports watch from us we would accept their old sports watch and prevent it going into a landfill site by disposing of it safely. Customers must return their WEEE item to us within 28 days of purchasing their new item.
Under the WEEE Regulations, all new electrical goods should now be marked with the crossed-out wheeled bin symbol shown below:
Goods are marked with this symbol to show that they were produced after 13th August 2005, and should be disposed of separately from normal household waste so that they can be recycled.
Last updated 23/05/2018