http://www.rhythmtraders.com/pages/terms-of-use
COVID-19 UPDATE: We Are Open!
We have social distancing protocals in place to keep you safe. Click for More Info
1-503-288-6950
Log in
Cart (0)
Track your package
Home
Products
Accessories
Media
Acoustic Drums
African
Cymbals
Drum Building
Electronics
Small Percussion
Hardware
Latin
Used & Vintage
World
Deals
Lessons
Services
Our Legacy
Our 30th Anniversary!
Galleries
Videos
News
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Rhythm Traders websites, which include but are not limited to rhythmtraders.com, latinrhythmtraders.com, djembedrums.com & africanrhythmtraders.com. The Sites are provided as a service to our customers. Please review the following terms and conditions of use, which govern your use of the Sites (the "Agreement").
Your use of the Sites constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Agreement. We reserve the right to update or modify this Agreement at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review the Agreement whenever you use any of the Sites. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Sites.
Site Transactions
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
Right to Change Sites
We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to: modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites, with or without notice; charge fees in connection with the use of the Sites; modify and/or waive any fees charged in connection with the Sites; and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Sites. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites.
Site Contents
Unless otherwise noted, the Sites, and all materials on the Sites, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the "Contents"), are owned, controlled or licensed by Rhythm Traders, Inc.
The Sites and the Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Sites for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Contents or the Sites.
User Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions
You agree that your Comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your Comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Sites. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead Rhythm Traders Inc. or third parties as to the origin of any Comments. You are solely responsible for any Comments you make and their accuracy.
Personal Information Submitted Through the Sites
Your submission of personal information through the Sites is governed by our privacy policy, which can be reached by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link located in the footer section of the Sites (the "Privacy Policy"). This Agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.
Copyright Complaints
Rhythm Traders Inc. respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in any way that constitutes copyright infringement, please email us here: info@rhythmtraders.com
Product Information
Many products displayed on the Sites are available in our Portland, Oregon showroom in the United States. The prices displayed on the Sites are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
Due to individual dealer agreements with our venders, some products on our site are only available for delivery within the United States.
Errors, Inaccuracies, and Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our Sites that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Sites is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and finishes of our products that appear at the Sites. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
The Sites may contain links to other Web sites that are not under the control of Rhythm Traders, Inc., which has no responsibility for the linked Web sites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any linked Web site. Links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the Sites' users.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Rhythm Traders, Inc. harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Sites and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of the Agreement.
Termination
These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Rhythm Traders, Inc. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Rhythm Traders, Inc. also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly may deny you access to the Sites, if in our sole judgment you fail to comply with any term or provision of the Agreement. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.rhythmtraders.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Shipping
Domestic Orders: Our prices include FREE in-store pick up. For most other orders, we calculate a shipping charge based on the size and weight of the items and your shipping address.
Most orders will ship within 2-3 business days using UPS Ground or USPS Priority Mail. Please allow up to 7 days for certain items and large orders to ship. Expedited shipping options are available on most items. Please call us (503-288-6950) to place an order with expedited shipping. Orders shipping to P.O. Boxes or addresses not serviced by UPS will always ship USPS.
International Orders: There are certain items, including skins and many large or heavy items, that we do not ship internationally (Canada excepted). If your order includes skins or any large and heavy items please contact us before placing your order to see whether we can ship your desired items. All approved international orders will ship USPS Priority Mail International.
**Most countries require customs clearance and may charge you additional fees. You are responsible for all inbound fees such as import duty, customs clearance, inspections, and documentation. It is best to understand import regulations for your country before placing your order. Please allow at least 1 - 2 weeks for orders to clear your country's customs/import offices. The process of clearing customs is different for every country and can take up to 6 weeks for some countries and during some peak times throughout the year.
Tracking
Domestic Orders: You can easily track your order as soon as it has shipped using the tracking number that you will be automatically e-mailed when the shipping label is generated. You can also see your tracking number by logging into your account and viewing your order history. Your tracking number will be attached to each order in your order history as soon as it has been generated.
International Orders: We will always provide your tracking number and any other information that we have on your shipment, so that you can have the same ability that we do to track your shipment. Tracking numbers for international orders will usually only indicate when the item has left the United States. It is up to the receiving country's postal service to report tracking information back to the US postal service after this point, and they rarely do. Once the shipment has left the United States we recommend that you contact your country's postal service or customs/import authorities for the latest information on your shipment.
You can put in your tracking number to the official shipping company tracking links here.
Returns
If you are unhappy with your order for any reason, you may, at your shipping expense, return the item(s) within 7 days for exchange, or full refund (less shipping). You must contact us before returning any items. Customer is responsible for freight charges in-bound and out-bound for all returns or exchanges due to dislikes of sound, color, design, aesthetics, craftsmanship, misuse, or misunderstanding. If however, the product was mis-shipped, or determined by us to be defective or damaged, you will be credited reasonable return freight charges.
** Cymbals, Acoustic Drums, Latin Drums, and other products that will show use if played will be subject to a 20% restocking fee if played before being returned. Certain items like Drum Sticks, Drum Heads, and other similar items may only be returned if they have not been played/used.
** Special Orders  Non-stocking items that are ordered through the site and returned for reasons other than manufacturing defect are subject to a 20% restocking fee.** Damage must be reported within 3 days of receiving the order. Keep all packaging and original boxes. Notify UPS immediately if a package is damaged to initiate a claim. UPS: (800-742-5877). For all other damage, please e-mail us or call us at: (503-288-6950).** SKIN RETURNS: Please note that all skins may be returned or exchanged at customer's shipping expense ONLY if skin has NOT touched water and is in its original condition. We are UNABLE to take back skins that have been soaked, mounted, or cut...so please inspect them carefully!!** CD/DVD RETURNS: We are only able to take back CDs/ DVDs if they are unopened.
Warranty
All products, not covered by manufacturer's warranties, including Bossa Nova Percussion and house branded products are covered by a one year limited warranty to the original purchaser. If you feel you have received a product that has a manufacturing defect, you may send it to us at your expense with a copy of your receipt. If it is determined to have a manufacturing defect beyond normal wear-and-tear, or industry standards for the item, and was not the subject of misuse then it will be replaced at no charge to you. Natural skins and rawhide drum heads are not warrantied.
Schedule an Appointment
Brands we love