https://www.europlugs.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Home/Privacy Policy
Europlugs.com, Inc. (also dba Wonpro.us) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy to let you know what information we collect, why we collect it and to whom it may be disclosed.
This Privacy and Security Policy applies to https://www.europlugs.com and http://www.wonpro.us.
This Privacy and Security Policy also addresses our data security practices and the options you have to access and control personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information.
Our Terms and Conditions govern this Privacy and Security Policy.
To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this Privacy and Security Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions shall govern.
We may periodically make changes to this Privacy and Security Policy.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy and Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.
This Privacy and Security Policy supersedes any and all previous versions.
Entering the Sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to all terms contained in this Privacy and Security Policy. If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy, please do not enter the Sites.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personally Identifiable Information
The term “personally identifiable information” means information that you voluntarily provide to us and which personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number, physical address, and any other data or information that would allow someone to personally identify you.
To make a purchase, we require you to supply us with personally identifiable information. If you supply us with personally identifiable information, you may later access, update, and modify any inaccuracies.
Please note, we generally keep a copy of the previous personally identifiable information for our records. If you would like to review or change your personally identifiable information, you may do so at any time by accessing your account through the My Account link located at the top of each page.
You may also choose not to provide personally identifiable information at the point of collection; however, you will not be able to purchase products.
In some areas of the Sites, you may have the ability to post or publish personally identifiable information. You should take care and avoid posting or publishing personally identifiable information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The term “non-personally identifiable information” means information that you voluntarily provide to us or which we collect electronically, but which does not personally identify you.
To register for an account, we require you to supply us with your email address. Your email address does not personally identify you, but is a means for us to contact you. You may later access, update and modify any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the My Account link located at the top of each page.
Please note, we generally keep a copy of your previous email address(es) for our records.
You may also choose not to provide us with your email address; however, you will not be able to create an account or purchase products.
Whenever you visit the Sites, non-personally identifiable information, such as navigational and click stream data is automatically collected.
As you browse, we may install cookies (tiny text files stored on your computer, which record your preferences) in your browser. Cookies cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personally identifiable information. You must accept cookies to shop through the Sites.
You can erase or block cookies from your computer if you want to (your help screen or manual should tell you how to do this), but the Sites may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser not to accept cookies.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information
We collect personally identifiable information in order to supply you with the products or services you request, process payment, communicate with you and comply with any requirements of law.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We collect non-personally identifiable information in order to operate, develop and improve the Sites, their functionality and our products and services.
We collect non-personally identifiable information in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through the Sites.
Non-personally identifiable information is collected in the aggregate to, among other things, determine the total number of users of the Sites, prepare utilization reports, diagnose and correct compatibility problems or other problems with the Sites and perform statistical analyses to enable us to build a higher quality, more useful online service.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various aspects of the Sites. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like user preferences, popular search categories, click-through rates, what kinds of offers users like to see and in general, how to improve the functionality and relevancy of the Sites.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information
We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the Sites.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we engage to process your personally identifiable information for us.
We may disclose personally identifiable information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the Sites or the public.
We may disclose personally identifiable information with other companies and organizations for fraud and credit risk purposes.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to make you aware of the disclosure of your personally identifiable information contrary to the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy – if, for example, we discover a security breach.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We do not sell or rent non-personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the Sites.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we have engaged to process non-personally identifiable information for us.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information, if necessary, to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us, or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the Sites, or the public.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our affiliates and third parties in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through the Sites.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form.
We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system.
While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Sites reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
Our servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and encryption technology that works with Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Google Chrome, with the objective that only we can read a customer’s personally identifiable information.
We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of any personally identifiable information.
LENGTH OF TIME WE KEEP INFORMATION
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it (for instance, for taxation or insurance purposes, or in case orders may give rise to claims).
We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data, if needed, to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it.
In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
In addition, we regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order.
CategoriesR4 Wall Sockets
eR4T Frame, White
eR4T Frame
20 Amp, Screw Wiring, White
20 Amp, Screw Wiring
10-16 Amp, Clip Wiring, White
10-16 Amp, Clip Wiring
Power Cords
Plug Adapters
WAS-L
WAS-GF
WAS Ivory
WADB Ivory
WA-SW
WA Ivory
WA Black
EAS Plug Adapter White
EAS Plug Adapter Black
EA Plug Adapter White
EA Plug Adapter Black
DE (1 to 1)
2 Pins
Misc
IEC C7
IEC C5
IEC C13
AST Adapter Kit
AST White
AST Black
220V Power Strip
Wonpro Power Bars
US Cords All Length
UK Cords All Length
Tandem Power Cords
IEC C14 Power Bar
Fix-Cord Power Strip
Extension Power Cords
Euro Cords All Length
eT6-IEC Pre-Config
eT6 Pre-Config
eT5-IEC Pre-Config
eT5 Pre-Config
eA6-IEC Pre-Config
eA6 Pre-Config
eA5-IEC Pre-Config
eA4-IEC Pre-Config
eA4 Pre-Config
eA3 Pre-Config
All 40+ Power Cords
6 Foot Cord All Countries