http://www.whichfordpottery.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Home Page
Buy Our Pots POTS YOU CAN ORDER
CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE POTS
Sgraffito Tableware by Jim & Dominique
Tableware by Adam Keeling
Planter Lights by Tom Keeling
Gift vouchers
Paintings by Dominique Keeling
About us Challenge us
Find out more
The Whichford Story
How we make our pots
Gift List Service
Meet the makers
Scrapbook
FAQ's
How to Create an Account
Visit Us At Whichford Pottery...
Tour our workshop
The Courtyard Garden
The Stockyard
The Octagon
The Straw Kitchen
How to find us...
What's on
Latest Projects Challenge us
Oxford Anagama
Ceramic Poppy Brooches - British Legion
Whichford Pottery Projects
Architectural Features
Statement Flowerpots
Ceramic Poppy Brooches - Daily Mail
Tower of London Poppies
Coloured Flowerpots
Golden Cypress Tree
Humphry Repton for Alan Titchmarsh
Longborough Festival Opera
In memory of Geoff Hamilton
Dominque Keeling
Contact us
Whichford Pottery
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
A NOTE ON DELIVERY TIMES: We are operating as quickly and as safely as we can which means orders may take longer to get to you than usual.  If you have placed an order with us bewfore Wednesday 25th November we will endeavour to get your pots to you within 4-6 weeks. If you have placed an order after Wednesday 25th November please expect delivery within 10 weeks unless we contact you directly.
T&Cs for Christmas Offer as featured in RHS The Garden magazine – November 2020: THIS OFFER HAS ENDED EARLY DUE TO THE PRODUCTS SELLING OUT.
Please see below for our Terms and Conditions of Sale for our Christmas Offer as featured in RHS The Garden magazine (November 2020) and online in our Special Offer section.Please Note: With the uncertainty of Covid-19 these terms & conditions may change unexpectedly.
Free delivery only applies to The Tree of Life Planters as featured in RHS The Garden magazine (November 2020 issue). The offer is for free delivery to mainland UK only, excluding Scottish Highlands. Free delivery is for delivery Monday – Friday only. Pots will arrive within five weeks of placing the order unless we contact you directly. The offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. Pairs of pots must be delivered to the same address on mainland UK. Offer is subject to availability.  Previous purchases are not eligible for this offer.
We are offering each customer one half-price Mini Poppy Pot for £10 when you purchase Tree of Life Planters from our Christmas Offer. Mini Poppy Pot measures 8” high x 8” wide (20cm x 20cm) and normally retails at £20. Our normal delivery fee of £29.50 will be charged if you order a Mini Poppy Pot singularly and/or with any other items.  Only one Mini Poppy Pot can be added to the order regardless of the total order value.  The Mini Poppy Pot will be delivered with your order and cannot be delivered to another address or at a different time. Offer subject to availability. If we run out of stock of the Mini Poppy Pots we will substitute it for a pot of equal worth.
Offer ends 30th November 2020.
T&Cs for Christmas Collection with Free Delivery - 2020: THIS OFFER HAS ENDED EARLY DUE TO THE PRODUCTS SELLING OUT
Please see below for our Terms and Conditions of Sale for our Christmas Collection 2020 as shown in our Christmas catalogue and online in our Free Delivery Offer section.
Please Note: With the uncertainty of Covid-19 these terms & conditions may change unexpectedly.
The Offer: This offer is for a limited period only and is valid from 31st October 2020 until  16th December 2020. Free delivery only applies to items in The Christmas Collection  (subject to availability). Product price includes insurance and delivery to mainland UK only, excluding Scottish Highlands. This offer is valid online, for telephone orders and via the post.  If you are sending your order in the post, please send a cheque payable to Whichford Pottery Limited. Some items are not sold individually. Offer is subject to availability. The offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers. All prices shown on this site are inclusive of VAT. Offer not valid for previous purchases.
Free Delivery
Free delivery only applies to items in the offer (subject to availability). Free delivery is only valid for mainland UK addresses. (If you require offshore or overseas delivery please email  orders@whichfordpottery.com for a quote). Free delivery is for delivery between Monday – Friday only (a charge will apply for weekend delivery). Wherever possible we will deliver the pots ourselves, otherwise we use a reliable courier. The larger items in this offer may be delivered on a pallet.
Delivery Time
We will start dispatching orders as soon as possible and aim to have every order delivered within 4-6 weeks. We will always contact you within that time if this is not the case. However, if you would like your order urgently please email  orders@whichfordpottery.com and we will see what we can do.
If you would like delivery for a specific date (between Monday – Friday), or if you would like to delay delivery until nearer Christmas, please indicate this at Checkout, or email orders@whichfordpottery.com.
Sets of Pots
The offer price for sets of pots extends to pots shown in the offer only. The offer price for sets includes delivery to one address only.
Quality & Design
All our flowerpots and crockery are handmade by our team of highly skilled craftsmen – being handmade, every item is unique. The handmaking process may result in variations in size, shape and decoration.
10 Year Frostproof Guarantee
All our flowerpots are made from clay we prepare ourselves and carry a 10 Year Frostproof Guarantee against lamination in the frost.
Jim & Dominique's Sgraffito
The sgraffito pieces featured on this website and in the offer are unique and once sold they will no longer be available. More available at the Pottery.
Half-Price Mini Poppy Pot Offer
We are offering each customer one half-price Mini Poppy Pot for just £10 when you purchase any items from our Christmas Collection.  Mini Poppy Pot measures 8” high x 8” wide (20cm x 20cm). The Mini Poppy Pot normally retails at £20 and will incur our delivery fee if purchased singularly and/or with items not included in free delivery offers.
Only one Mini Poppy Pot can be added to the order regardless of the total order value.
The Mini Poppy Pot will be delivered with your order and cannot be delivered to another address or at a different time. Offer subject to availability. If we run out of stock of the Mini Poppy Pots we will substitute it for a pot of equal or worth. Previous purchases are not eligible for this offer. Offer cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer with the exception of free delivery offers.
Voucher Codes
If you have a voucher code you can use this to purchase pots which are in stock at full retail price and which are featured in our catalogue and on our website.
We regret that the voucher code is not applicable to previous purchases or offers, seconds and special offer pots, gift vouchers or our inscription service.
Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers.
Our standard delivery charge of £29.50 applies to all orders for delivery to mainland UK.
DELIVERY
Our delivery charge of £29.50 applies to all orders no matter the size or quantity of pots and is for mainland UK addresses only.  We will endeavour to dispatch all orders within two weeks of receipt of order but
However, we can quote for offshore or overseas delivery - please email orders@whichfordpottery.com or telephone us on +44 (0) 1608 684416.  Please note that we are unable to replace any items damaged in transit to an overseas address.
The charge of £29.50 is for standard mainland UK delivery between Monday-Friday. If you would like your pots delivered on a Saturday there will be a surcharge.
We aim to hold sufficient stocks. If we are temporarily out of stock of the item(s) of your choice we will contact you with an anticipated delivery date.
We will start despatching orders as soon as possible, however if you would like your pots urgently please let us know. Our flowerpots are incredibly robust, but we want to be sure they are handled with care so wherever possible we deliver the pots ourselves, otherwise we use a reliable carrier.
FLOWERPOTS & CROCKERY
Being handmade, every item is unique. We endeavour to make items to the sizes listed in the catalogue, but the nature of the raw clay and the handmaking process may result in variations in size, shape and decoration.
We prepare our own clay, so our terracotta flowerpots all carry a 10 year frostproof guarantee against lamination in the frost. Please see our Quality & Guarantee Page.
SECOND FLOWERPOTS
Any flowerpot which is bought as a ‘second’ from Whichford Pottery will be marked with black marker pen and will not be covered by our 10 Year Frostproof Guarantee.
GLAZEWARE
Unfortunately, our glazeware does not carry a 10 year frostproof guarantee. Whilst our clay carries a 10 year frostproof guarantee, the glazes we use do not.
RETURNS
In the unlikely event of you being unhappy with your purchase, we will give a full refund if the items ordered are returned to us undamaged with 14 days of delivery.
PROTECTING YOUR CARD PAYMENT DETAILS
We use a well-known secure payment platform company Sage Pay, which is approved by our Bank to process your order. Any card details given by you are not stored on the server or in any email format. You will receive a confirmation of your order by email.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Whichford Pottery's relationship with you in relation to this website and communications here after.
The term 'Whichford Pottery' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website - Whichford Pottery Ltd - whose registered office is Whichford, Shipston on Stour, Warwickshire CV36 5PG. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website's shopping basket uses cookies to track the contents of your basket. We do not record or store any other information.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
ORDERING ONLINE
The price shown is for the flowerpot only. The price of the Goods to UK based Buyers shall be in £GBP at the level stipulated on the Website. The total purchase price, including VAT will be displayed in the Buyer's shopping cart prior to confirming the order.
Photographs of planted up pots are purely illustrative.
After the order is received the Seller shall confirm to the Buyer the details, description and price for the Goods. Payment of the price must be made in full before despatch of the Goods by the Seller.
Goods supplied to buyers from outside mainland UK will have provided to them a separate price estimate to include delivery, as part of the order acceptance process. Buyers from outside the UK will be responsible for obtaining any relevant import licence and for payment of any import charges and customs duties. The Seller warrants that the Goods will at the time of despatch correspond to the description given by the Seller. Except where the Buyer is dealing as a Consumer, all other warranties, conditions, or terms relating to fitness for purpose, merchantability or condition of the Goods, whether implied by Statute, common law or otherwise are excluded, and the Buyer is satisfied as to the suitability of the Goods for the Buyer's purpose.
CANCELLATION AND RETURN
Where a specific delivery date has been agreed, and where this delivery date cannot be met, the Buyer will be notified and given the opportunity to agree a new delivery date or receive a full refund. The Seller shall use its reasonable endeavours to meet any date agreed for delivery. In any event, time of delivery shall not be of the essence and the Seller shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages or expenses incurred by the Buyer or any third party arising directly or indirectly out of any failure to meet any estimated delivery date. Delivery of the Goods shall be made to the Buyer's address specified in the order.
Title and risk in the Goods shall pass to the Buyer upon delivery of the Goods.
The Buyer shall inspect the Goods immediately upon receipt and shall notify the Seller via phone, Email or post within 2 working days of delivery, if the Goods are damaged or do not comply with the order. If the Buyer fails to do so the Buyer shall be deemed to have accepted the Goods. Where a claim of defect or damage is made the Seller shall be responsible for the recovery of the Goods from the Buyer. The Buyer shall be entitled to replacements if the Goods are in fact defective.
If the Buyer is dissatisfied with the Goods the Buyer will return the items to the Seller within 14 days of delivery and a refund for the pot(s) will be issued. The Buyer will be under a duty to take good care of the Goods until they have been returned. The Buyer will receive a refund of all monies paid for the Goods within 30 days of Goods being returned. Where returned Goods are found to be damaged through no fault of the Seller, the Buyer will be liable for the cost of the Goods and delivery. If an order is cancelled and the goods have not been despatched a full refund for goods and delivery charges will be made. If an order is cancelled and the goods are already in transit, the Buyer will be responsible for any carriage charges incurred.
By using this website and/or signing to an account with Whichford P0ttery you are agreeing to both our Terms and Conditions and the information laid out in our Privacy Policy.
Please click here to view our Privacy Policy.