https://www.metaldesignz.com/terms-conditions/
×
Search
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SERVICE TO CUSTOMERS WE FEEL WE CANNOT HELP TO THE BEST OF OUR ABILITY.
IF YOU DISPUTE PAYMENT ON YOUR ORDER, AND CHOSE NOT RETURN ITEMS, WE CONSIDER THAT TO BE THEFT, AND YOU WILL BE
IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED AS A CUSTOMER.
WE ALSO RESERVE THE RIGHT TO WORK IN AN ABUSE FREE ATMOSPHERE.  PLEASE CONSIDER THAT WE ARE HUMAN BEINGS.  WHEN YOU SEND NASTY EMAILS, WE CAN SIMPLY CHOSE NOT TO WORK WITH YOU.
TERMS OF SERVICE
1. Introduction
This website is operated by Metal Designz. The terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to
Metal Designz. The use of our website is subject to the following terms and conditions of
use, as amended from time to time (the “Terms”). The Terms are to be read together by you
with any terms, conditions or disclaimers provided in the pages of our website. Please review
the Terms carefully. The Terms apply to all users of our website, including without limitation,
users who are browsers, customers, merchants, vendors and/or contributors of content. If you
access and use this website, you accept and agree to be bound by and comply with the Terms
and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms or our Privacy Policy, you are not
authorized to access our website, use any of our website’s services or place an order on our
website.
2. Use of our Website
You agree to use our website for legitimate purposes and not for any illegal or unauthorized
purpose, including without limitation, in violation of any intellectual property or privacy law. By
agreeing to the Terms, you represent and warrant that you are at least the age of majority in
your state or province of residence and are legally capable of entering into a binding contract.
You agree to not use our website to conduct any activity that would constitute a civil or criminal
offence or violate any law. You agree not to attempt to interfere with our website’s network or
security features or to gain unauthorized access to our systems.
You agree to provide us with accurate personal information, such as your email address,
mailing address and other contact details in order to complete your order or contact you as
needed. You agree to promptly update your account and information. You authorize us to collect
and use this information to contact you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
3. General Conditions
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone, at any time, for any reason. We reserve the
right to make any modifications to the website, including terminating, changing, suspending or
discontinuing any aspect of the website at any time, without notice. We may impose additional
rules or limits on the use of our website. You agree to review the Terms regularly and your
continued access or use of our website will mean that you agree to any changes.
You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or
discontinuance of our website or for any service, content, feature or product offered through our
website.
4. Products or Services
All purchases through our website are subject to product availability. We may, in our sole
discretion, limit or cancel the quantities offered on our website or limit the sales of our products
or services to any person, household, geographic region or jurisdiction.
Prices for our products are subject to change, without notice. Unless otherwise indicated, prices
displayed on our website are quoted in Canadian dollars.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse orders, including without limitation, orders
that appear to be placed by distributors or resellers. If we believe that you have made a false or
fraudulent order, we will be entitled to cancel the order and inform the relevant authorities.
We do not guarantee the accuracy of the colour or design of the products on our website. We
have made efforts to ensure the colour and design of our products are displayed as accurately
as possible on our website.
5. Links to Third-Party Websites
Links from or to websites outside our website are meant for convenience only. We do not
review, endorse, approve or control, and are not responsible for any sites linked from or to our
website, the content of those sites, the third parties named therein, or their products and
services. Linking to any other site is at your sole risk and we will not be responsible or liable for
any damages in connection with linking. Links to downloadable software sites are for
convenience only and we are not responsible or liable for any difficulties or consequences
associated with downloading the software. Use of any downloaded software is governed by the
terms of the license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is provided with the software.
6. Use Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions
You acknowledge that you are responsible for the information, profiles, opinions, messages,
comments and any other content (collectively, the “Content”) that you post, distribute or share
on or through our website or services available in connection with our website. You further
acknowledge that you have full responsibility for the Content, including but limited to, with
respect to its legality, and its trademark, copyright and other intellectual property ownership.
You agree that any Content submitted by you in response to a request by us for a specific
submission may be edited, adapted, modified, recreated, published, or distributed by us. You
further agree that we are under no obligation to maintain any Content in confidence, to pay compensation for any Content or to respond to any Content.
You agree that you will not post, distribute or share any Content on our website that is protected
by copyright, trademark, patent or any other proprietary right without the express consent of the
owner of such proprietary right. You further agree that your Content will not be unlawful, abusive
or obscene nor will it contain any malware or computer virus that could affect our website’s
operations. You will be solely liable for any Content that you make and its accuracy. We have
no responsibility and assume no liability for any Content posted by you or any third-party.
We reserve the right to terminate your ability to post on our website and to remove and/or delete
any Content that we deem objectionable. You consent to such removal and/or deletion and
waive any claim against us for the removal and/or deletion of your Content.
7. Your Personal Information
Please see our Privacy Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and share your personal
information.
8. Errors and Omissions
Please note that our website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be
complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to
change or update information at any time, without prior notice (including after an order has been
submitted). Such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing,
promotion and availability and we reserve the right to cancel or refuse any order placed based
on incorrect pricing or availability information, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
We do not undertake to update, modify or clarify information on our website, except as required
by law.
9. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of our website, which is provided
“as is” without warranties, representations or conditions of any kind, either express or implied,
with regard to information accessed from or via our website, including without limitation, all
content and materials, and functions and services provided on our website, all of which are
provided without warranty of any kind, including but not limited to warranties concerning the
availability, accuracy, completeness or usefulness of content or information, uninterrupted
access, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose. We do not warrant that our website or its functioning or the content and material of the
services made available thereby will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects
will be corrected, or that our websites or the servers that make our website available are free of
viruses or other harmful components.
The use of our website is at your sole risk and you assume full responsibility for any costs
associated with your use of our website. We will not be liable for any damages of any kind
related to the use of our website. In no event will we, or our affiliates, our or their respective content or service providers, or any of
our or their respective directors, officers, agents, contractors, suppliers or employees be liable
to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages,
losses or causes of action, or lost revenue, lost profits, lost business or sales, or any other type
of damage, whether based in contract or tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise,
arising from your use of, or the inability to use, or the performance of, our website or the content
or material or functionality through our website, even if we are advised of the possibility of such
damages.
Certain jurisdictions do not allow limitation of liability or the exclusion or limitation of certain
damages. In such jurisdictions, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations,
may not apply to you and our liability will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
10. Indemnification
You agree to defend and indemnify us, and hold us and our affiliates harmless,, and our and
their respective directors, officers, agents, contractors, and employees against any losses,
liabilities, claims, expenses (including legal fees) in any way arising from, related to or in
connection with your use of our website, your violation of the Terms, or the posting or
transmission of any materials on or through the website by you, including but not limited to, any
third party claim that any information or materials provided by you infringe upon any third party
proprietary rights.
11. Entire Agreement
The Terms and any documents expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement
between you and us in relation to the subject matter of the Terms and supersede any prior
agreement, understanding or arrangement between you and us, whether oral or in writing. Both
you and we acknowledge that, in entering into these Terms, neither you nor we have relied on
any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or implied from anything said or
written between you and us prior to such Terms, except as expressly stated in the Terms.
12. Waiver
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms will not constitute a waiver
of such right or provision. A waiver by us of any default will not constitute a waiver of any
subsequent default. No waiver by us is effective unless it is communicated to you in writing.
13. Headings
Any headings and titles herein are for convenience only.
14. Severability
If any of the provisions of the Terms are determined by any competent authority to be invalid,
unlawful or unenforceable, such provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining
Terms, which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
15. Governing Law
Any disputes arising out of or relating to the Terms, the Privacy Policy, use of our website, or
our products or services offered on our website will be resolved in accordance with the laws of
the Province of Saskatchewan without regard to its conflict of law rules. Any disputes,
actions or proceedings relating to the Terms or your access to or use of our website must be
brought before the courts of the Province of Saskatchewan in the City of Saskatoon, SK and you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
16. Questions or Concerns
Please send all questions, comments and feedback to us at sales @ metaldesignz.com.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personally
identifiable information ("Personal Information"). As part of this commitment, our privacy policy
governs our actions as they relate to the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information.
Our privacy policy is based upon the values set by the Canadian Standards Association's Model
Code for the Protection of Personal Information and Canada's Personal Information Protection
and Electronic Documents Act.
1. Introduction
We are responsible for maintaining and protecting the Personal Information under our control.
We have designated an individual or individuals who is/are responsible for compliance with our
privacy policy.
2. Identifying Purposes
We collect, use and disclose Personal Information to provide you with the product or service you
have requested and to offer you additional products and services we believe you might be
interested in. The purposes for which we collect Personal Information will be identified before or
at the time we collect the information. In certain circumstances, the purposes for which
information is collected may be clear, and consent may be implied, such as where your name,
address and payment information is provided as part of the order process.
3. Consent
Knowledge and consent are required for the collection, use or disclosure of Personal
Information except where required or permitted by law. Providing us with your Personal
Information is always your choice. However, your decision not to provide certain information
may limit our ability to provide you with our products or services. We will not require you to
consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information as a condition to the supply of a
product or service, except as required to be able to supply the product or service.
4. Limiting Collection
The Personal Information collected will be limited to those details necessary for the purposes
identified by us. With your consent, we may collect Personal Information from you in person,
over the telephone or by corresponding with you via mail, facsimile, or the Internet.
5. Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Personal Information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected
unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Personal
Information will only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which we
collected it or as may be required by law. [If applicable, include a description of any parties
with whom you may share Personal Information.]
6. Accuracy
Personal Information will be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is
necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
7. Safeguarding Customer Information
Personal Information will be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the
sensitivity level of the information. We take all reasonable precautions to protect your Personal
Information from any loss or unauthorized use, access or disclosure.
8. Openness
We will make information available to you about our policies and practices with respect to the
management of your Personal Information.
9. Customer Access
Upon request, you will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal
Information, and will be given access to it. You may verify the accuracy and completeness of
your Personal Information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate. However, in
certain circumstances permitted by law, we will not disclose certain information to you. For
example, we may not disclose information relating to you if other individuals are referenced or if
there are legal, security or commercial proprietary restrictions.
10. Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions You may direct any questions or enquiries with respect to our privacy policy or our practices by
contacting:
Shelley - sales @ metaldesignz.com
Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in your computer's
hard drive when you visit our websites. We may use cookies to improve our website’s
functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience.
Cookies are widely used and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies
automatically. You may change your Internet browser settings to prevent your computer from
accepting cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie so that you may decline its
acceptance. Please note, however, if you disable cookies, you may not experience optimal
performance of our website.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other third party sites that are not governed by this privacy
policy. Although we endeavour to only link to sites with high privacy standards, our privacy
policy will no longer apply once you leave our website. Additionally, we are not responsible for
the privacy practices employed by third party websites. Therefore, we suggest that you examine
the privacy statements of those sites to learn how your information may be collected, used,
shared and disclosed.
×
×
OK
Categories
Jump Rings
All Jump Rings
Anodized Aluminum
All Anodized Aluminum
16 SWG Gauge
18 SWG Gauge
20 AWG Gauge
Square
New Anodized Aluminum
All New Anodized Aluminum
12 SWG Gauge
16 SWG Gauge
18 SWG Gauge
Mistint - Specials
Bright Aluminum
All Bright Aluminum
12 SWG Gauge
14 SWG Gauge
16 SWG Gauge
18 SWG Gauge
20 AWG Gauge
Copper
All Copper
Copper 14 Gauge
Copper 16 Gauge
Copper 18 Gauge
Copper 20 Gauge
Half Round Wire Rings - Copper
Square Copper
Gold Fill
All Gold Fill
16 Gauge
18 Gauge
20 Gauge
22 Gauge
24 Gauge
Half Round Wire Rings
Bronze
All Bronze
14 Gauge
16 Gauge
18 gauge
20 Gauge
22 Gauge
Square Bronze
Jewelers Brass
All Jewelers Brass
14 Gauge
16 Gauge
18 Gauge
20 Gauge
22 Gauge
Niobium
All Niobium
18 Gauge (Uncoloured)
18 Gauge Anodized
20 Gauge (Uncoloured)
20 Gauge Anodized
Rubber
All Rubber
Imperial Rings
Metric Rings
Square Jump Rings
All Square Jump Rings
Anodized Aluminum Square
Pure Copper
Square Bronze
Stainless Steel
All Stainless Steel
14 Gauge
16 Gauge
18 Gauge
19 Gauge
20 Gauge
22 Gauge
24 Gauge
Diamond Coiled
Square Stainless Steel
Twisted Stainless Steel
Sterling Silver
All Sterling Silver
16 Gauge
18 Gauge
20 Gauge
22 Gauge
24 Gauge
Sterling Silver Filled
Titanium
All Titanium
14 SWG Gauge
16 Gauge (Coloured)
16 Gauge (Uncoloured)
18 Gauge ( uncoloured)
18 Gauge (coloured)
20 Gauge (coloured)
20 Gauge (uncoloured)
22 Gauge (coloured)
22 Gauge (uncoloured)
24 Gauge (coloured)
24 Gauge (uncoloured)
Twisted
Chainmail kits
All Chainmail kits
Project Kits
Guest Designer Kits
Silver Kits
Stainless Steel Collection
Starter Kits
Recommended Books
Laser Texture Paper
Silhouette Dies
Team Laser
All Team Laser
Jewellery Displays
Laser Cut Findings
Laser Cut Ornaments
Scales
All Scales
Laser Etched Scales
Stainless Steel Scales
Jewellery Supplies
All Jewellery Supplies
Metal Working Tools
All Metal Working Tools
FASTENABLES
Gears
Metal Sheet and Blanks
All Metal Sheet and Blanks
Brass
Copper
Other Metals
Metal Working Tools
All Metal Working Tools
Flexshaft & Accessories
Hammers
Mandrels
Other tools
Punches and Presses
Textured Metals
All Textured Metals
Rolling Mill Textured
Vintaj
Wire
PMC
Pop Can components
Beading Supplies
All Beading Supplies
Mirrors
Chains by the Foot
Cord and Stringing Materials
Findings
All Findings
Charms
Clasps
All Clasps
Fold Over
Lobster Clasps
Safety
Self Closing Clasps
Toggle
Tube
Ear wires
Other
Stainless Findings
Titanium Findings
Hot Fix
Other Supplies
Scales
Tools and Accessories
All Tools and Accessories
Glue
Other tools
Storage Cases
Finished Jewellery
All Finished Jewellery
Anklets
Bracelets
Earrings
All Earrings
Base Metal Earrings
Sterling Silver Earrings
Fidget Pendants
Finger Rings
Pendants
Beads
All Beads
Great For Maille Projects
Bead and Other Kits
All Bead and Other Kits
Bead Kits
Other Kits
Glass Beads
Lamp Work Beads
Metal Beads
Seed Beads
All Seed Beads
Czech Seed Beads
Miyuki
All Miyuki
Long Magatama
Delica
15/0
8/0
Tila
Swarovski Crystal
All Swarovski Crystal
Bicone
other sizes
Rivoli
Pliers
All Pliers
Xuron
Half Price Specials
FINAL CLEARANCE
Shop by Brands
View all brands
Home
Categories
Account
Contact
Call us at 306-343-1892
More
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account
Gift Certificates