http://www.magazineline.com/customer-service/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
false
true
My Account
Customer Service
Shopping Carte (0) Items
Categories »
Adult Magazines
Animals & Pets
Art & Photography
Automotive
Best Selling
Business & Finance
Computer & Electronics
Cooking & Food
Craft & Sewing
Digital Magazines
Education
Entertainment
Fashion & Style
Gay & Lesbian
General Interest
Gifts
Health & Fitness
History
Hobbies
Home & Garden
Kids' Magazines
Lifestyle & Culture
Local & Regional
Medical
Men's Magazines
Music
News & Politics
Parenting
Professional & Trade
Religion & Inspirational
Science & Nature
Sports
Teen Magazines
Travel
Women's Magazines
View All Categories
For Men
Adult
Popular Hobbies
Sports
Health & Fitness
General Interest
View All Men's Magazines
For Women
Fashion
Home & Garden
Health & Fitness
Bridal & Wedding
Celebrity Magazines
Popular Hobbies
General Interest
View All Women's Magazines
For Teens
Girls
Boys
View All Teen Magazines
For Kids
0 to 2 years
2 to 6 years
6 to 9 years
9 to 12 years
Over 12 years
View All Kids Magazines
All Titles
Up to $10
$10 to $20
$20 to $30
$30 to $50
Over $50
View All Titles
Filter
Men
Women
Teen
Kids
Sports
Adult
Cooking
Entertainment
View All
Search
Home Customer Service Privacy Policy
Email a Friend
Required
From:
Your Name:*
Your Email:
To:
Name:
Email:
More »
Name:
Email:
Name:
Email:
Subject:
Message:
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
The Information We Collect and How it is Used
During your visit, we collect basic information that does not identify you personally. This includes pages visited, types of magazines accessed, and any other details about your visit. We then aggregate this data with thousands of other pieces of information to help us continually improve our site.
We use cookies to keep track of how people navigate the site, keep track of items in your shopping cart, and to remember information users give us so they don't have to reenter it each time they visit. By showing us how and when people use the site, cookies help us to learn which areas of MagazineLine.com are visited and which are not. Many of our improvements and revisions are based on analysis of this type of data. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can disable this feature. In so doing, however, MagazineLine.com may not function as well for you.
When you place an order with us or enter contests or giveaways, you provide such personal information as:
First and last name
Billing and/or shipping address
Email Address
Phone number(s)
Credit card account information
Titles of magazines to which you are subscribing
We collect all or some of this information upon creating your account or subscribing to a magazine, and in other places where you sign up for contests, giveaways, and so forth. This information is used in the following manner:
To process your magazine subscription
To provide you with information about whether your order has been received and processed
To mail billing statements and account summary information
To send you periodic emails, mailings, or telephone calls from MagazineLine.com with information regarding the renewal of your magazine subscriptions, or special promotions, contests, and other announcements specific to MagazineLine.com.
Credit card information is used for billing purposes only
Some data may out of necessity be provided to attorneys or auditors who are evaluating MagazineLine's finances and adherence to state and federal laws and regulations
Using your information in such a manner ensures you do not experience a frustrating lapse in service or otherwise encounter any account difficulties. If you would like to discuss our customer contact programs or specify a preference for how you are contacted, please call our customer service department at (800) 959-1676 or email us using the form on this page: contact us
With Whom Do We Share Information?
When you place an order, your name and address, and the name and address of any gift recipients, is sent to each of the publishers of the magazines you ordered so that they can fulfill your subscriptions. If you order a digital subscription your email address is also forwarded to that publisher.
We never sell or rent your email address to anyone. From time to time we may make our customer phone and postal mailing list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. All MagazineLine.com customers are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving these offers by calling our Customer Service department at (800) 959-1676 and requesting to opt-out of third party solicitations.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important to us. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Web site from those we actually know are under 13.
Opting Out
We do not rent or sell your email address.  If you no longer wish to receive email updates from MagazineLine about your subscriptions and special savings opportunities, you may opt out in any of the following manners so you do not receive these communications.
Log in to your account, and then choose Change Email/Options
Click the email preferences link in an email you receive from us
Email us using the form on this page: contact us
Call us Toll-Free at (800) 959-1676
Write us at:
MagazineLine
P.O. Box 30404
Lansing, MI 48909-7904
Other
MagazineLine.com visitors consent to the collection and use of their information as described in this policy.
MagazineLine.com fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
We also want you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third party sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we believe in protecting one's privacy on the Internet, MagazineLine.com cannot be held accountable for the actions of other entities.
Please visit this page from time to time for policy updates.
Our Security Pledge
Purchasing subscriptions through MagazineLine.com is very safe. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Safe Shopping
Our systems employ the latest encryption technology (Secure Socket Layers) to protect and safeguard your personal information. All of your ordering information, including name, address, and credit card number, is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. Your credit card and personal information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. To ensure that your information is even more secure we store it on a server that is not connected to the Internet.
Credit Card Processing
Federal laws ensure that you will not be liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges to your credit card. It is very unlikely that you would encounter fraud as a result of buying subscriptions through MagazineLine.com, but if you do, make sure to notify your card provider in accordance with their rules and policies. If for some reason you are held responsible for this amount, MagazineLine.com will cover the entire liability, up to $50, provided the fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and occurred while purchasing through MagazineLine.com's secure server.
Prefer to Order Via Phone?
Of course, it is no problem if you prefer to place your subscription order by phone, mail, or fax. To order by phone simply call our toll-free sales number: (800) 959-1676. Someone will be there to answer your call 8am - midnight, seven days a week.
Who We Are
The above policies apply to American Collegiate Marketing, Inc. and the following brands:  MagazineLine, StudentMags, NEA Magazine Service, MTA Magazine Service, and AAUW MagazineLine
Show
SITE LINKS
About UsContact UsFAQShippingMy AccountTriple GuaranteeStudent/Educator RatesPrivacy PolicyTerms Of UseAffiliate Program
Customer Service
If you are ever unhappy with our service, we will do whatever it takes to make it right - even a 100% cash refund if you choose!
Price Guarantee
If you find a lower publisher-authorized price for a magazine you've purchased from us, we'll cheerfully refund the difference.
No Credit Card Required
We are proud to be one of the few online magazine agencies that offers a three-payment billing option.
Close
Close X
<
0
Search