https://www.greatboardgames.ca/information/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Great Boardgames uses and protects any information that you give Great Boardgames when you use this website. Great Boardgames is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Great Boardgames may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including physical address and email address
phone numbers is taken for contact purposes, only
we do not share your phone number with ANY outside party and it will never be used for any purpose other than contacting you in case there is an issue with your order
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, unless we are required by law to do so.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie NameCookie Description*_usernameTo identify you with your logged user id.CRAFT_CSRF_TOKENA security token to make sure than any calls to our system is coming from you.CraftSessionIdYour session ID to identify you and keep your cart associated with you.limitYour selected "show" option for the games listings.orderByYour selected "Sort By" option for the games listings._g*These cookies are all set by google analytics for us to be able to track how many people are visiting the site and specific pages. This is only used to serve you better and to make sure that we are carrying the games that customers want.