https://www.lazeme.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Menu
Search
My Account
My Basket
Apply Discount Code
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Search:
Login
My Wishlist
My Account
Lazeme - Designs for lazy living
Free UK Delivery & Returns | t: 01536 330713
Menu
Home
WomenLingerieBrasBriefs, Shorts and ThongsBabydolls & ChemisesBRIDALCami and French KnickersCorsets, Basques & WaspiesFreya DECO LingerieFreya FANCIES LingerieSHAPEWEAR and BodiesSPORTSWEAR and AthleisureSuspender BeltsThermals & LoungewearSleepwearSilk NightwearPyjamas and LoungewearCami & ShortsRobes, Wraps & KimonosSwimNEW SwimwearPRE-ORDER SwimwearBikinisTankinisSwimsuitsELOMI SWIM Sizes 16-26Beachwear and SarongsBeach Kaftans and TunicsMaxi DressesBeach BagsScarves and PashminasLadies Clothing - AllDressesTops and TunicsSaleSWIMWEAR SALELINGERIE SALE£5 KNICKERSBEACHWEAR SALESLEEPWEAR SALEGreetings Cards
Brands
Beautiful Bottoms
Bellaju
Bluebella
B.tempt'd
Calla Lily
Charnos
Cyell
Elomi Lingerie
Elomi Swimwear
Fantasie Lingerie
Fantasie Swimwear
Fauve
Freya Lingerie
Freya Swimwear
Goddess
Huit
Lepel
Moontide
Mouille
Mya Beach
Panache
Parfait
Tutti Rouge
Wacoal
Advice
Bra Style Guide
A Perfect Fitting Bra
Bra Fitting VideoBra Fitting Problems
Bra Size Calculator
Bra FAQs
Breast Care Guide
Philosophy
Help
Blog
Home
»
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms And Conditions Of Supply
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions on which we supply any of the products (Products) listed on our website www.lazeme.co.uk (our site) to you. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any Products from our site. You should understand that by ordering any of our Products, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
You should print a copy of these terms and conditions for future reference.
Please click on the button/check the box marked “I Accept” before completing your order. Please understand that if you refuse to accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to order any Products from our site.
1. Information About Us
www.lazeme.co.uk is a site operated by Lazeme Limited (“We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 06398449 and our registered office is Carlton House, High Street, Higham Ferrers, NN10 8BW.
2. Service Availability
Our site is only intended for use by people resident in the UK and certain European countries including Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden.   We also accept orders from residents in Australia, Canada, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, UAE and USA. We do not accept orders from individuals outside those countries.
3. Your Status
By placing an order through our site, you warrant that:
You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts;
You are at least 18 years old; and
You are resident in one of the countries specified in paragraph 2
4. How The Contract Is Formed Between You And Us
After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a Product. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the Product has been dispatched (the Dispatch Confirmation). The contract between us (Contract) will only be formed when we send you the Dispatch Confirmation.
The Contract will relate only to those Products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the Dispatch Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such Products has been confirmed in a separate Dispatch Confirmation.  Please note we do not ship to Post Office box addresses.
We may refuse to process an order for any reason or refuse service to anyone at any time at our sole discretion. If we do cancel your order we will notify you by email and will re-credit your payment card any sum deducted by us as soon as possible but in any case within 30 days of your order.
A new contract is entered into each time you place an order online with us and will have a unique order ID.
5. Our Status
We may provide links on our site to the websites of other companies, whether affiliated with us or not. We cannot give any undertaking, that products you purchase from third party sellers through our site, or from companies to whose website we have provided a link on our site, will be of satisfactory quality, and any such warranties are DISCLAIMED by us absolutely. This DISCLAIMER does not affect your statutory rights against the third party seller. We will notify you when a third party is involved in a transaction, and we may disclose your customer information related to that transaction to the third party seller.
6. Consumer Rights
If you are contracting as a consumer within the EU, you may cancel a Contract under the Distance Selling Regulations at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day you received the Products.  This cancellation must be sent to us in writing or by email within seven working days from the day you received the Products.   In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Products in accordance with our refunds policy (set out in clause 10 below) including the cost of sending the item to you.
To cancel a Contract, you must inform us in writing or by emailing us at cancellation@lazeme.co.uk within the seven day period after receiving your order.  You must also return all the Product(s) of the cancelled order to us immediately in accordance with clause 10 below.
All returned Product(s) must be in the same condition in which you received them, and are returned at your own cost and risk. Returned items must be in their original condition and packaging, unworn and unwashed, with all labels intact. We reserve the right to refuse return of items where these instructions have not been followed. You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, we may have a right of action against you for compensation.
All Lingerie or Swimwear should be tried on over your own underwear, and if returned be un-used and have the hygiene strip intact.
Details of this statutory right, and an explanation of how to exercise it, are provided below in clause 10. This provision does not affect your statutory rights.
For returns made outside the Distance Selling Regulations to receive a refund or to initiate an exchange of Product(s) you must return the Product(s) to us within twenty eight days in accordance with clause 6.3. and clause 10.   Refunds and exchanges after this period shall be at the sole discretion of Lazeme Limited.
Your right to cancel applies only to that particular puchase you inform us in writing about and not to any previous purchase or to any commitment to purchase in the future.
Your right to cancel applies to the entire order and all of the products within that order must be returned to us.
Delivery charges will not be refunded unless you exercise your right to cancel the entire order (see 6.2 above).  Delivery charges are postage to the customer and do not include returns postage paid by you to Lazeme.  If you return part of an order the delivery charges are non-refundable.
Additional services such as gift wrapping or express delivery options that you specifically request at the time of ordering will not be refundable and cancellation rights will end as soon as we carry out those additional services.
7. Availability And Delivery
Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Dispatch Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then within 30 days of the date of the Dispatch Confirmation, unless there are exceptional circumstances.  We do not deliver to Post Office Box Addresses.
Generally all products are in stock and we will normally dispatch your order within 24-48 hours of receipt.  In the unlikely event that we are unable to delivery your order promptly, we will contact you by email or telephone.  Occasionally we may be unable to deliver if stock runs out, is withdrawn or circumstances arise beyond our control.  If this happens we will contact you to offer an alternative item or you may cancel your order.  This will discharge any liability for failure to deliver the goods in question.
Some ranges are offered on a pre-order basis.  The expected delivery date is shown next to each individual product.  This date is updated regularly on our website and occasionally delivery times may be extended by the manufacturer.  Customers are advised to regularly check the delivery dates on the website for pre-ordered items in case of any changes.  If we are unable to delivery if stock runs out, stock is withdrawn or circumstances arise beyond our control then we will contact you to offer an alternative item or you may cancel your order.  This will discharge any liability for failure to deliver the goods in question.
8. Risk And Title
The Products will be at your risk from the time of delivery.
Ownership of the Products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the Products, including delivery charges.
9. Price And Payment
The price, in GB Pounds of any Products will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error. Any charges in relation to currency exchange will be for you to pay.
Lazeme is registered for VAT and prices include VAT but exclude delivery costs, which will be added to the total amount due as set out in our Shipping and Delivery Guide
Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a Dispatch Confirmation.
Our site contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on our site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a Product’s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you. If a Product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the Product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection.
We are under no obligation to provide the Product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Dispatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
Payment for all Products must be by credit or debit card. We accept payment with Visa, MasterCard, UK Maestro, Solo, UK Visa Delta and UK Visa Electron.
Payment for all Products and pre-ordered Products will be taken at the time of placing an order.
Special Offers and Promotional Codes:  Promotional codes entitle you, at the time of ordering, to a saving on an order placed with us.  Only one promotion code can be used per order.  Items that are offered at special pricing in our sale or offered with an associated promotional code and previously purchased at full price are not eligible for a refund of the difference between the sale price and the full price.  If an item is returned which brings the total amount below the qualifying level of a special offer or free gift, the value of the offer or gift may be deducted from any refund for returned items.  Where a free gift is offered only one free gift will be given per household while stocks last and any offer is subject to availability.
10. Our Refunds Policy
When you return a Product to us:
because you have cancelled the Contract between us within the seven-day cooling-off period (in accordance with clause 6 above), we will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you have given notice of your cancellation. In this case, we will refund the price of the Product in full, including the cost of sending the item to you. You will be responsible for the cost of returning the item to us.
because you have returned an item to us you believe is defective, within the required twenty eight days (see clause 6.6 above),  we will examine the returned Product and will notify you of your refund via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. We will usually process the refund due to you as soon as possible after receiving the goods back and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund for the defective Product, provided we have received the goods back. Products returned by you because of a defect will be refunded in full, including a refund of the delivery charges for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to us.
because you have returned an item to us you wish to exchange, within the required twenty eight days (see clause 6.6 above), we will examine the returned Product. The returned Product must be in its original condition and packaging, unworn and unwashed, with all labels intact. Swimwear should have the hygiene strip intact. We will notify you by email as soon as we receive your goods and will then endeavour to process your request for a replacement as quickly as possible, subject to availability. If you have requested a replacement product of lower value than the returned goods then a refund will be credited back to your payment card. If you have requested a replacement of a higher value than the returned goods, any difference due will be charged to the card used to pay for the original order. If replacement items are not available we will usually process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of receiving the goods back. You will not be charged additional postage on your replacement items provided they are delivered to a UK address.
for any other reason (for instance, because you have notified us in accordance with paragraph 20 that you do not agree to any change in these terms and conditions or in any of our policies), we will examine the returned Product. The returned Product must be in its original condition and packaging, unworn and unwashed, with all labels intact. Swimwear should have the hygiene strip intact. We will notify you of your refund via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. We will usually process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day we confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund for the Product, provided that we have received the goods back. Products returned by you within the required 28 days, will be refunded in full, excluding the cost of sending the item to you.
To return or exchange an item:
Send an email to us at returns@lazeme.co.uk to let us know a returns parcel is on its way.
Complete the returns form provided with your order and enclose it with the returned goods in their original packaging.
FOR UK CUSTOMERS: Secure the parcel and attach the pre-paid returns label to the outside of your parcel and take it to your local Post Office where it will be scanned and you can obtain a proof of postage.  (Please keep a copy of your proof of postage with the tracking number so that the parcel can be tracked if necessary).
FOR CUSTOMERS OUTSIDE THE UK: Secure the parcel and attach the returns label and send to: Lazeme Returns Department PO BOX 7298 KETTERING NN16 6ES.  We strongly recommend using registered post and retaining proof of postage as we will not be responsible for goods lost in transit.  The cost of returning the goods to us will not be refunded unless the item is faulty.
To cancel an Order:  Under the UK Distance Selling Regulations, EU consumers have a statutory right to cancel your entire order within 7 days of receiving the items provided you inform us in writing or by email to cancellation@lazeme.co.uk that you wish to exercise this right.  Delivery charges will not be refunded unless you exercise your right to cancel the entire order.  If you return part of an order the delivery charges are non-refundable.   Full details of your consumer rights can be found under clause 6 above and you will be required to agree to these before an order is placed.  If you have any queries please do not hesitate to contact us at customerservices@lazeme.co.uk
We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
Returning goods bought as special offers or with promotional codes:-  In the event of part of an order being returned, the value of the discount applied on that order will be spread between the goods proportionately.  Special offers are only valid where the item is kept.  If goods on which a discount was originally received are returned, that discount may no longer apply if the order falls below the discount threshold.  The promotional discount will not be applied to replacement items.  If an item is returned which brings the total amount below the qualifying level of a special offer or free gift, the value of the offer or gift may be deducted from any refund for returned items.
For Customers outside the UK, the cost of returning goods will be borne by you.  If you fail to return the goods or not pay for their return we can charge the direct cost of the return of the goods to us.  You must also take reasonable care to ensure that we receive the goods and that the goods are not damaged in transit.
11. Our Liability
We warrant to you that any Product purchased from us through our site is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are commonly supplied.
Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaking this agreement is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Product you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of us breaking the agreement. Losses are foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time your order is accepted by us.
This does not include or limit in any way our liability:
For death or personal injury caused by our negligence;
Under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987;
For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or
For any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and us, including but not limited to:
loss of income or revenue
loss of business
loss of profits or contracts
loss of anticipated savings
loss of goodwill or reputation
loss of data
waste of management or office time
loss, damage, allergy or injury as a result of wearing any item
however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise , even if foreseeable.
12. Import Duty
If you order Products from our site for delivery outside the UK, they may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order.
Please also note that you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the products are destined. We will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
13. Written Communications
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our site, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
14. Notices
All notices given by you to us must be given to Lazeme Limited at Carlton House, High Street, Higham Ferrers, NN10 8BW or info@lazeme.co.uk. We may give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provide to us when placing an order, or in any of the ways specified in clause 13 above. Notice will be deemed received and properly served immediately when posted on our website, 24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
15. Transfer Of Rights And Obligations
The contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assigns.
You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without our prior written consent.
We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of our rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.
16. Events Outside Our Control
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside our reasonable control (Force Majeure Event).
A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond our reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation) the following:
Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action.
Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war.
Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster.
Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.
Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks.
The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.
Our performance under any Contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Force Majeure Event.
17. Waiver
If we fail, at any time during the term of a Contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the Contract or any of these terms and conditions, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the Contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.
A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default.
No waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with clause 14 above.
18. Severability
If any of these terms and Conditions or any provisions of a Contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
19. Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions and any document expressly referred to in them represent the entire agreement between us in relation to the subject matter of any Contract and supersede any prior agreement, understanding or arrangement between us, whether oral or in writing.
We each acknowledge that, in entering into a Contract, neither of us has relied on any representation, undertaking or promise given by the other or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between us prior to such Contract except as expressly stated in these terms and conditions.
Neither of us shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other, whether orally or in writing, prior to the date of any Contract (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently) and the other party’s only remedy shall be for breach of contract as provided in these terms and conditions.
20. Our Right To Vary These Terms And Conditions
We have the right to revise and amend these terms and conditions from time to time to reflect changes in market conditions affecting our business, changes in technology, changes in payment methods, changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements and changes in our system’s capabilities.
You will be subject to the policies and terms and conditions in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those policies or these terms and conditions is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these terms and conditions before we send you the Dispatch Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the terms and conditions, unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
21. Law & Jurisdiction
Contracts for the purchase of Products through our site will be governed by English law. Any dispute arising from, or related to, such Contracts shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
22. Terms and Conditions of Prize Draw Competition
All entrants must be resident in the UK and over 18 at the time of entry.
No purchase is necessary to enter or win.
Only one entry per person is permitted.
The prize draw is open to all new subscribers who submit their details to us via our website at www.lazeme.co.uk before the closing date of midnight on the last day of each month.
Whilst the Prize Draw is in operation, the winner will be drawn at random within five working days of the beginning of every calendar month from amongst all entries received by the closing date of the previous month.
The winner will be notified by email using the email address supplied at the time of entry, notification will be sent within 7 days of the draw. In the event the winner fails to provide a valid postal address for prizes to be mailed to within 3 weeks of notification or is otherwise disqualified from the draw, the prize will be withdrawn and the winning entry will be void.
There will only be one winner each month winning one prize. The one prize will be an item from our product range selected at the discretion of Lazeme Ltd. No cash, vouchers or other alternatives will be offered in exchange or replacement for this prize. The prize will be delivered to the winner within 8 weeks of the prize draw. The judges’ decision is final. No correspondence will be entered into.
Employees of Lazeme Ltd, affiliate companies, their agents or immediate families are not eligible for entry.
Lazeme reserves the right to feature the name and location of the prize draw winner in future activities.
When you enter a prize draw at Lazeme, we ask you to also subscribe to the Lazeme Newsletter and your name is automatically added to the subscriber list. However, you can unsubscribe at any time. Once you unsubscribe, you are removed from the list and won’t be re-added through a prize draw entry.
Incomplete or unreadable entries will be disqualified and responsibility cannot be accepted (and the Promoter shall not be liable) for lost or delayed entries.
All entries become and remain the property of the Promoter. By submitting an entry, entrants acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions.
Prize draw winner’s name and county will be available from the Winner’s List – Free Prize Draw, Lazeme Ltd, PO Box 7298, Kettering, Northants, NN16 6ES provided a SAE is enclosed.
The promoter is Lazeme Ltd, Registered in England and Wales no. 6398449
Lazeme reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time.
Lazeme reserves the right to withdraw the Prize Draw Competition at the end of any calendar month.
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
23. Terms and Conditions of Giveaways on website, twitter, pinterest, instagram or facebook
All entrants must be resident in the UK, USA, Canada or Europe and over 18 at the time of entry.
No purchase is necessary to enter or win.
Only one entry per person is permitted. Anyone found to use multiple accounts to enter will be ineligible and multiple entries will not be accepted.
The giveaway is open to everyone who follows the instructions for the giveaway before the closing date and time as stated in the giveaway.
The winner will be drawn at random within two working days of the end of the giveaway.
The winner will be notified by email using the email address supplied at the time of entry, or via twitter, facebook or pinterest dependent on the type of entry. In the event the winner fails to provide a valid postal address for prizes to be mailed to within 3 weeks of notification or is otherwise disqualified from the giveaway, the prize will be withdrawn and the winning entry will be void.
There will only be one winner each giveaway winning one prize. The one prize will be an item from our product range selected at the discretion of Lazeme Ltd. No cash, vouchers or other alternatives will be offered in exchange or replacement for this giveaway. The giveaway item will be delivered to the winner within 8 weeks of the closing date of the giveaway. The judges’ decision is final. No correspondence will be entered into.
Employees of Lazeme Ltd, affiliate companies, their agents or immediate families are not eligible for entry.
Lazeme reserves the right to feature the name and location of the giveaway winner in future activities.
When you enter a Giveaway competition at Lazeme, we may ask you to also subscribe to the Lazeme Newsletter and your name is automatically added to the subscriber list. However, you can unsubscribe at any time. Once you unsubscribe, you are removed from the list and won’t be re-added through a prize draw entry
Incomplete entries will be disqualified and responsibility cannot be accepted (and the Promoter shall not be liable) for lost or delayed entries.
All entries become and remain the property of the Promoter. By submitting an entry, entrants acknowledge and accept these terms and conditions.
The Giveaway winner’s name will be available from the Winner’s List – Free Prize Draw, Lazeme Ltd, PO Box 7298, Kettering, Northants, NN16 6ES provided a SAE is enclosed.
The promoter is Lazeme Ltd, Registered in England and Wales no. 6398449
Lazeme reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time.
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Any competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook or Instagram.  You are providing information to Lazeme Ltd and not to Facebook.  The information you provide will be used for this competition/giveaway only and will not be shared with any other party outside Lazeme Ltd.
helpful guides
Size Guide & International Conversion Charts
Bra Size Calculator
Bra Fitting Guide
Bra Fitting Video
Bra Style Guide
Freya Lingerie
Fantasie Lingerie
Lingerie Lookbook
customer care
Contact Us
Customer Services
Delivery
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Website Terms
about
Our Philosophy
Customer Feedback
Brands
Reviews
newsletter Sign up to receive news about our latest collections and exclusive offers
Subscribe
© 2008-2017 Lazeme Ltd. All Rights Reserved.