http://www.lemurmusic.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
Lemur in Berkeley
|
Contact Us
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Welcome to the Bass World
WAREHOUSE & WORKSHOP Clearance Sale
FlyAway Bass
BASSES
BOWS
CELLO, really we have cellos, too.
STRINGS
BASS
ACCESSORIES
BASS AMPS, PICK-UPS, SPEAKERS, COMBOS
BASS REPAIR & UPGRADE PARTS
BASS GIG BAGS, COVERS, HARD CASES
BASS METHOD & TECHNIQUE BOOKS & DVDs
SHEET MUSIC
Gary Karr - Amati Productions
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Lemur Music, Inc.
Our postal address is
32244 Paseo Adelanto, Suite C
San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675
We can be reached via e-mail at  lemur@lemurmusic.com
or you can reach us by telephone at  949-493-8323
What We Do:
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).  We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).  This information is for the sole use of Lemur Music, Inc.
The information we collect is NOT shared with other organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes. Information WOULD be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies and laws governing our Website, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.  This information is for the sole use of Lemur Music, Inc.
If you do not want to receive marketing e-mail from Lemur Music in the future, please let us know by e-mail at the above address, or calling us at the above telephone number.  You may remove your name from our Marketing E-Mail List, but still receive e-mail messages regarding the status of your Order.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive Marketing Mailings from Lemur Music with information on new products, services, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
Security:
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Register your Account for Additional Security:
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can have this information updated by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
What We DON’T Do:
We do NOT share your information with any other organizations.  We never have and we never will.  You are Lemur Music’s customer and we DO NOT SHARE. This is the only area in which we do not play well with others.  We do not make the e-mail addresses, contact information, shopping preferences, purchase history, etc. of those who access our site available to other organizations, unless we are legally required to do so.
Currently Lemur Music Does Not Sell Ad Space on our Website.  Should this change in the future we will notify you through this Policy Page.  (The following is the standard practice with respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.)
Company Information
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Lemur in Berkeley
Returns
Contact Us
Lemur Music
Everything for the Double Bass Player
32244 Paseo Adelanto,  Suite C,  San Juan Capistrano, CA  92675