http://www.birthdayexpress.com/pages/ccpa-privacy-notice
Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation
Need Help?
Sign In
Track Your Order
FREE US GROUND SHIPPING
on orders $29+
USE CODE:
BESHIP29
Mobile Navigation
Menu
Cart
Go
Go
Kids Birthday
Boys Birthday
Girls Birthday
1st Birthday
Adult Birthday
Other Celebrations
Premium Party
Shop By Color
Favors & Supplies
Personalized
Sale
Dress Up & Costume
CCPA Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy (https://www.birthdayexpress.com/pages/security-privacy) of BuySeasons Enterprises, LLC
(“BuySeasons”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other applicable California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information"). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from our consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A.
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique
personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email
address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number,
passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records
statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number,
physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport
number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance
policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account
number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial
information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this
category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color,
ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status,
medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender,
gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related
medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic
information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or
services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies.
YES
E.
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other
identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical
patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history,
information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement.
YES
G.
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H.
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal,
olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I.
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance
evaluations.
NO
J.
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and
Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a
student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its
behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student
identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary
records.
NO
K.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include publicly available information from government records and deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms or surveys you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you.  For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To issue warrantees and conduct after-sale services.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To provide you with email alerts, newsletters, and other notices concerning our products services, or news, that may be of interest to you.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us  about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classifications under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 800-685-4996.
Emailing us at service@birthdayexpress.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and FormatWe endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:
800-685-4996
Website:
www.birthdayexpress.com
Email:
service@birthdayexpress.com
Postal Address:
Birthday Express
ATTN: Privacy Notice
5915 South Moorland Road
New Berlin, WI 53151
Top of Page
Be In The Know!
Sign up for our news letter for exclusive offers
Sign Up
Stay Connected
Visit us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Pinterest
See us on YouTube
See us on Instagram
+1 on Google+
About Us
Birthday Party Supplies
Party Ideas
Company Information
Contact Us
Customer Service
Return & Refund Policy
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
My Account
Customer Support
Terms and Conditions
CCPA Privacy Notice
Accessibility Options
605-271-3170
Track Your Order
Email Us
Copyright © 2020 BirthdayExpress.com All Rights Reserved.
Top of Page