http://www.growerssolution.com/shipping-and-return-policy.html#GOVERNMENT
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Shipping and Return Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Free Shipping On Select Items
Every item which offers free shipping is marked by the icon on to the right. Free shipping offer applies only to orders which are shipped within the lower 48 states in the U.S. Not all products are offered free shipping.
Custom Shipping
Moderate to large sized items cannot be shipped via USPS due to their dimension limitations.
Certain large items (such as greenhouses, bulk items, and items over 70 pounds) will have to be shipped freight. Other small items(such as cart parts), also have special shipping rules. The shipping charge for these items will be charged separately.
Feel free to give us a call, 866-928-3390, for an estimated shipping cost, or to answer any other questions.
All items which may incur freight charges are marked with the icon on the right.
Expedited Shipping
Overnight, 2-Day, and 3-Day shipping is available. If you need expedited shipping, please call 931-528-3390. This will also allow us to verify that products are in stock.
International Shipping
We currently accept international orders. International orders, as well as orders to Alaska, Hawaii, & Puerto Rico, can be placed through the shopping cart, but shipping will not be calculated through the shopping cart. International orders are not included in our free shipping offers. Please call or email us with your order to receive an order total with shipping quote.
Government P.O.'s
We gladly accept Purchase Orders from government agencies and non-profit learning institutions such as Colleges, Universities and local School Districts. The order must be an official Purchase Order from the purchasing department. There is a minimum product total of $250 for any Purchase Order. You can send us the order by fax, e-mail or regular mail. Payment terms will be Net 30 Days from Date of Invoice.
Be sure to include Shipping or Freight charges to your P.O. You can call us for shipping costs, or calculate shipping online by going through the checkout process.
Fax#: 775-640-4505, and our address is 1211A Boyd Farris Road. Cookeville, TN 38506
Shipping Policy
In-stock orders generally ship within 1-3 business days upon receiving payment. Notable exceptions include plastic film, and custom cut shade cloth. These items can take up to 3-4 weeks to ship during peak demand.
Back-ordered products may require an additional 5 business days for product restocking.
Shipping concerns must be addressed prior to the shipment of your order.
Once an order is in transit, we cannot reroute, or alter the shipping method .
Shipping charges are calculated real time using Ground shipping or USPS shipping rates. If we see a miscalculation, we will call and let you know.
RETURN POLICY
Please contact us before returning an order for any reason! Please also be aware that there may be a restocking fee of up to 25% for any order returned.
Prior contact allows both parties to understand the problem and reach an acceptable solution. We understand that orders will be returned and/or exchanged, and we wish to avoid any confusion for our customers regarding their return. You will need to contact us either by email, or telephone, or by written letter, enclosed in the return package explaining why the product was returned. Our Toll-Free number is 1-866-928-3390.
We gladly accept returns at the customer's discretion, providing the product is returned in the same condition and in the same packaging as it was shipped and is within 30 Days from the delivery date.
Custom orders (including All Shade Cloth, Greenhouses, and Custom - Cut Greenhouse Film) cannot be returned. Please check to make sure the sizes you need are correct before placing the order.
Greenhouse Film cannot be returned if it has been unrolled. Please read the size marked on the roll before you proceed to insure the correct size, color and style of film.
Orders returned by fault or decision of the customer, (including: customer ordered wrong item, customer changed mind, customer entered wrong address, etc.), will be given a refund on the product price only. Also, a 25% restocking fee will be charged on returns.
Shipping and return shipping charges will not be refunded in these instances and are the responsibility of the customer. Returned orders shipped under our "Free Shipping" promotion will have all shipping costs incurred by GrowersSolution.com deducted from any refund.
We go to great lengths to fill your order as accurately, and as quickly as possible. Once an order is shipped, the shipping charges are non-refundable, and go directly to the carrier delivering the package.
Please be sure your order is correct prior to placing it to ensure a smooth transaction. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our products or ordering process, contact us first. We will be more than happy to answer your questions and help you through the ordering process.
Orders returned due to fault on the part of GrowersSolution.com, (including: wrong item shipped, order sent to wrong address, etc.) will be given a full refund, including all customer paid shipping charges.
Do not return an order for reason of damaged product(s)! See below for our procedures on orders damaged during shipment.
DAMAGED ORDERS
Damaged orders must be reported to us within 48 hrs of delivery.
Please check your order carefully upon delivery.
Do not accept a package delivered to you that has excessive damage to the outside packaging. If possible, inspect contents before accepting delivery.
If the package was delivered when no one was home, contact us immediately and hold onto all packaging and contents. We will need as detailed a description as possible to the extent of the damage so that a claim can be processed quickly through the responsible party.
Do not return an order at your expense without prior approval from us.
We may have you return the product to us at our cost, or simply issue you a credit.
This assures that you can receive a full refund and are not rewarding the shipping company by paying them to return an order they damaged. Returning an order at your expense also makes damage claims difficult for us to prove to the shipper, and may cost you all or part of your refund.
Damage claims are assessed on a case-by-case basis and will be processed through the company who handled the shipment.
While orders damaged during shipment are not the customer's fault, we cannot be held responsible if the customer does not follow the above guidelines.
Though we only handle a few damage claims each year, most claims filed are settled to the benefit of the customer when the above procedures are followed. These procedures are for your protection as much as ours.
SPECIAL ORDERS
We have a vast network of manufacturers and distributors from which we acquire products, and if the item you want is available, we will be glad to bring it in for you.
Please allow 10-14 business days from the time you place your special order before you expect delivery. Because special orders consist of items we don't regularly stock, these orders are non-refundable & non-returnable.
Damage issues on special order shipments will be handled under the above-mentioned procedures, just like any other shipment.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the product or the ordering process, contact us any time, and we will be happy to assist you.
Categories
Containers & Pots Film & Shade Cloth Greenhouses & Accessories Plants Irrigation Growing Accessories Home & Garden Chemicals YouTube Channels
Discover our sales and newest products via email!
Join our Email List
Unsubscribe
Copyright © 2005 - 2020 Growers Solution, LLC.
LINKS×
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Contact Us
Government P.O.'s
International Orders