http://www.cinema.com.my/privacy_policy.aspx
Home
Now Showing
Coming Soon
News
Features
Trailers
Videos
In Home
Film Festivals
Showtimes
Showtimes
Select Area / All Area
Putrajaya
George Town
Butterworth
Seberang Jaya
Alor Setar
Sitiawan
Malacca
Kuantan
Terengganu
Mentakab
Kuching
Select Cinema / All Cinemas
LFS - Butterworth
LFS - Sitiawan
LFS - PB Sentral
Paragon - KTCC Mall
Select Movie / All Movies
Kanni Raasi
Kavalthurai Ungal Nanban
Mulan
Jodoh Syaitan
Ip Man 4: The Finale
Spider-Man: Far From Home
Jumanji: The Next Level
BoBoiBoy Movie 2
Joker
11-Dec-20, Friday
12-Dec-20, Saturday
13-Dec-20, Sunday
14-Dec-20, Monday
15-Dec-20, Tuesday
16-Dec-20, Wednesday
17-Dec-20, Thursday
18-Dec-20, Friday
19-Dec-20, Saturday
20-Dec-20, Sunday
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Cinema Online collects, uses, maintains
and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
cinema.com.my website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site
and all products and services offered by Cinema Online.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, gender, occupation, income range, race, ethnic origin and identity card number or passport number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they
interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the
browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of
connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers
utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" (such as Google Analytics cookie and DoubleClick cookie)
to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive
for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User
may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies
are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function
properly.
How we use collected information
Cinema Online may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support
needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use
the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of
interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other
requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails
that may include company news, updates, or related service information, etc. If
at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we
include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security
measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction
of your personal information, username, password, and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal
identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners,
trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third
party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer
activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share
your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that
you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and
services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other
third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites
and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from
our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links,
may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy
policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website,
including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own
terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who
may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each
time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification
information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad
networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe
will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies
by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables
it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the
Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track
personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address,
etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google
ad and content network privacy policy.
Google Analytics
Some features implemented are based on Display Advertising for Google Analytics
Demographics and Interest Reporting. Using the Ads Settings, Users can opt-out of Google Analytics for
Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Users may also check out Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
The data gathered from Google's Personalized advertising (formerly known as interest-based advertising) or 3rd-party audience
data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics shall be used to
understand our Users better in order to improve our products and services.
Changes to this privacy policy
Cinema Online has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When
we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage
Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we
are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and
agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically
and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree
to this policy, you may write in to request for a deletion or edit of your personal
information. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to
this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
E.T. phone number
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Cinema Online Sdn. Bhd.
No: 7A, Jalan SS4D/2,
People’s Park,
47301 Petaling Jaya,
Selangor, Malaysia.
Tel: +603 7805 1527 (Office hours only, as stated below)
Email: marketing@cinemaonline.asia
Office Hours: Monday – Friday (closed on public holidays), 9:30am - 6:00pm
This document was last updated on 28 May 2018
Showtimes
Select Area / All Area
Putrajaya
George Town
Butterworth
Seberang Jaya
Alor Setar
Sitiawan
Malacca
Kuantan
Terengganu
Mentakab
Kuching
Select Cinema / All Cinemas
LFS - Butterworth
LFS - Sitiawan
LFS - PB Sentral
Paragon - KTCC Mall
Select Movie / All Movies
Kanni Raasi
Kavalthurai Ungal Nanban
Mulan
Jodoh Syaitan
Ip Man 4: The Finale
Spider-Man: Far From Home
Jumanji: The Next Level
BoBoiBoy Movie 2
Joker
11-Dec-20, Friday
12-Dec-20, Saturday
13-Dec-20, Sunday
14-Dec-20, Monday
15-Dec-20, Tuesday
16-Dec-20, Wednesday
17-Dec-20, Thursday
18-Dec-20, Friday
19-Dec-20, Saturday
20-Dec-20, Sunday
Using a smaller screen?Click here to view our old desktop layout.
Powered by Cinema Online Asia.
© 1999 ~
2020
All content copyright of Cinema Online Asia and their respective owners