http://www.boulderdogfoodcompany.com/pages/privacy-policy
Dog Treats
Dog Treats
Bison
Beef
Chicken
Turkey
Lamb
Seafood
Popular
Training Treats
Allergenic
Chews
Bones
Small Dogs
Food Enhancers
Cat Treats
Cat Treats
Bison
Chicken
Turkey
Assorted Meat
Seafood
Popular
Allergenic
Weight Control
Popular
Supplies
About Us
Blog
0
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 30, 2015
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) covers personal and location information that Boulder Dog Food Company, L.L.C., Boulder Dog Food Company, L.L.C. d/b/a Boulder Cat Food Company, L.L.C., a Colorado limited liability company (the “Company”, “we”, “our”) obtains (i) from you when you use services or features of websites we own and control, such aswww.boulderdogfoodcompany.com and www.boulderdogfoodcompany.com/blog, and in each case any domains or subdomains associated therewith, other than wholesale.boulderdogfoodcompany.com (collectively, the “Website”), (ii) when you establish an account with the Company and (iii) through any other media channels and platforms, whether online, offline, telephonic, wireless or otherwise.
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the Website regardless of whether you are accessing it with a computer, mobile phone, iPad or other device. The Company also likes to interact with you on third party sites including social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Google plus, including, without limitation, www.facebook.com/BoulderDogFoodCompany andhttps://twitter.com/boulderdfc) (collectively, the “Third Party Sites”) where we post messages, images and other content, or invite feedback. Except as otherwise described below, this Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of those Third Party Sites, or entities, platforms or services that the Company does not own or control. You should check the privacy policies of Third Party Sites when providing personally identifiable information to or through Third Party Sites. This Privacy Policy describes the information the Company collects when you visit the Website, establish an account or otherwise contact us (including via email or the phone), and how the Company uses, shares and protects that information.
This Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. BY USING THE WEBSITE, ESTABLISHING AN ACCOUNT AND/OR PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US OVER EMAIL, THE TELEPHONE OR OTHERWISE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN IN EFFECT AND GRANT US PERMISSION TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN IN EFFECT. If you do not like the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should not use our Website, establish an account or otherwise provide personal information to us.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
The Company collects and receives the following types of information when you use the Website, establish an account or otherwise contact us:
Information You Provide Directly. You may choose to provide information directly to the Company through any of the following means:
Becoming a registered user. In order to become a registered user of the Website, you need to share personal information such as your name, phone number, mailing address and e-mail address. You may also be asked to provide certain information regarding your pets or the pets for whom you make purchases on our Website. You do not have to be a registered user to visit the Website; you may browse through our Website anonymously. You will, however, need to register in order to place orders and make full use of the Website. If you choose to check out as a guest on the Website, we will collect limited personal information from you in order to fulfill your order.
Placing an order. When you place an order on our Website or otherwise, you need to supply an email and billing address, phone number, shipping address, credit card information among other information. By making a purchase on our Website, you can become a registered user of the Website. You can choose to store certain information in the My Account section of the site needed to make a purchase, such as your shipping and billing addresses. If you change your mind about storing this information, you can amend or delete such information by going to the relevant area of the My Account section of your account and following the instructions to edit or delete the relevant information. You can access this section using your registration email account and password. Certain information, however, is required to be provided if you have an account with us. You may send us an email and request that we delete your user account. We may, however, need to retain certain personal information relating to you and your previous orders for our business, tax and accounting records even if you delete your user account. By using the Website you consent to such retention of certain personal and order information for our business purposes.
Contacting us. When you send the Company information or a message from your account when you are logged in, or via email, or when you sign up to receive the Company’s newsletter, the Company asks you to provide your name and email address. When you contact us over the phone or email, you may provide us with your name, telephone number and email address. Further, we may ask you to provide information regarding the name, age, breed and size of your pets so that we can make product recommendations.
Reviews, questions and customer comments. When you submit a product review on our website, or send questions or comments regarding our products or services to us via email or on or through our Website, we will obtain certain personal information including your name and email address. In addition, we collect photos that you share with us (including but not limited to photos posted on our Facebook wall and photos and comments set to us via email), and information that you share with us in response to customer service, requests for product reviews and/or surveys.
Other information, including information that we use to bill your account.
Information the Company Collects Automatically. The Company also collects certain information about you and your computer automatically when you visit the Website. This type of information may include: the type of web browser, device and operating system you have used to access the Website;your internet protocol (“IP”) address (which is a number automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet and can be used to derive your general geographic location);your internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, date/time stamp and clickstream data;information about the content you view and the features you access on the Website that the Company collects using cookies, Web beacons and similar technologies (as further described below);information about the search terms you use, the product pages you view and items that you place in your cart and/or purchase while on our Website; and clicks you make on our Website, newsletter and on Third Party Sites in response to content and information provided thereon.
The Company may combine all of the information it collects or receives from and/or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
USE OF INFORMATION
The Company uses the information it collects and receives for the following general purposes:
To identify and register you as a user of the Website, to provide you with the Website and our services and to fulfill your orders and requests with respect to our products, to promote our products and services, to send you abandoned cart notifications and product review requests, and to personalize marketing offers, product recommendations and services we offer to you including, but not limited to, the offers and samples that we provide to you based on the information you provide to us;
To analyze and understand the purchasing behavior and preferences of our customers, to understand and track the number of users who view certain pages and/or use certain features of our Website, and to compile the total dollar amount of sales conducted through our Website overall and in a particular geographic region or by customer group. We might also provide deidentified data to third party partners who perform data analyses for our Company;
To analyze trends and track users’ movements around our Website and referral websites;
To ensure compliance with our business policies (including our wholesale policies and our product resale policy) and the Terms of Use for the Website;
To manage customer accounts;
To identify accounts and transactions that carry a high risk of fraud or other security risk, that violate our business policies (including without limitation our product resale policy) and/or that are aimed at copying our products commercially by a competitor;
To ensure the functionality and usability of the Website, and to install and monitor elements for information security, credit and/or fraud prevention purposes;
To carry out business accounting, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and enhance the Website and our product offerings;
To improve the Website by, for example, learning more about what information users find interesting or useful and analyzing and learning about the Website’s user base as a whole;
To provide you with promotional materials, such as the Company’s newsletter, email marketing and/or other announcements, as applicable;
To invite you to review products, complete purchases, and/or participate in customer marketing or rewards programs and surveys conducted by us and/or our affiliates;
To develop new products, offerings and/or services;
To improve and personalize our marketing and promotional efforts; and
For any other purpose disclosed to you at the time the Company collects your information, or otherwise with your consent.
We may store information subject to this Privacy Policy ourselves, or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by our respective affiliates, agents and/or service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to determine, for example, the total number of visitors to the Website, the number of visitors to each page of the Website and the domain names of our visitors’ internet service providers.
We collect your personal information primarily to make our Website more rewarding and easier for you to use. We usually use this information for internal purposes, such as studying our customers’ preferences. We may also use your information for account and promotional purposes. To better serve you and improve our Website, we may conduct (and we may engaged third parties to conduct) research on demographics, interests, and behavior based on personal information and other information provided via the Website or otherwise. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and we may share de-identified aggregate information with our affiliates and agents. This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
The Company may share your information with the following entities:
Service Providers. The Company may share your information with entities and persons that provide services to the Company, including other companies that provide web hosting, web analytics, data analysis, advertising, marketing, accounting and tax preparation services, package delivery, mail, credit card processing, market research, risk management and other services, software and technologies. Whenever possible, the Company restricts the ability of these entities and persons to use information about you that the Company provides to them for purposes other than providing services to the Company and complying with applicable laws. Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies, and in databases that are managed by other companies, but made available to us through user services or contractual agreements. The Company does not sell or license your personal information.The Company processes credit card transactions through third party payment gateways which are managed by reputable third parties.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect The Company’s Services. There may be instances when the Company discloses your information to other parties in order to: protect the legal rights of the Company, its licensors and services providers, and of the users of the Website; protect the safety and security of users of the Website, and that of the Company’s employees, affiliates, members, agents, licensors and/or service providers; prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); ensure your compliance with our business policies; and/or comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required.
Other Parties in Connection With a Transfer of Assets. If the Company makes a sale or transfer of assets to any third party, or is otherwise involved in a capital raise, merger, acquisition, change of control or asset or business transfer, the Company may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of or in connection with that transaction.
Other Parties With Your Consent. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, the Company may share information about you with other third parties when you consent to such sharing.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
If you are visiting a Website from outside the United States, please note that any data you provide will be transferred outside the European Union or such other non-United States territory for use by us for any of the purposes described herein. By providing any data to us, and using the Websites, you hereby consent to such transfers of your data to the United States.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, FUNCTIONALITY, AND SERVICES
Some of the content, functionality, and services on the Website may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with the Company. For example, the Company’s newsletter database, Website and email are maintained on third party servers owned by companies with different privacy policies from that of the Company. These types of entities may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Website or functionality linked to the Website and other information, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. These entities may collect this information over time and combine such information with information collected from different websites, third parties and online services. This Privacy Policy does notcover the use of any cookies or any other information gathered by such third parties on, through or in connection with the Website. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of these entities and the Company has no control over, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability for, how they use your personal information.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website may contain links to certain third party websites or applications. We do not own, control or operate such linked sites and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such linked sites. Privacy policies and practices for such linked sites may differ from this Privacy Policy and our practice. Your access and use of such linked sites is entirely and solely at your own risk. We urge you to read the privacy policies of such linked sites before disclosing your personal information on such sites. We cannot control how your data is collected, stored, used or shared by Third Party Sites. Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing. If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information. The Company is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, ANALYTICS AND TRACKING
You may be able to access certain Third Party Sites or content through the Website. We have no liability or responsibility for the privacy and information security practices or other actions of any Third Party Site that you choose to access through the Website, including but not limited to any link to Instagram photos or other social media platforms.
The Company uses automated devices and applications provided by third parties, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Website and the services offered thereunder. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate the Website, product offerings and services, including tools provided by Third Party Sites. We use these tools to help us improve our services, performance, communication and user experiences. These entities may use cookies (text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the Website or Third Party Sites) and other tracking technologies which collect information to perform their services. We do not share personal information that we collect directly with these third parties. However, these third parties may collect personal information directly through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies. For an explanation of the information collected by these third parties and their respective privacy policies, go to the Google Analytics privacy policy and/or the privacy policies of the applicable Third Party Sites.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
The Company uses reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in the Company’s possession against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, and/or modification. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. There is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions. For example, we cannot ensure the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of your data on an iPhone or android or other device or on your Twitter page or on another computer. This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use. As a result, while the Company strives to protect the information it maintains, the Company cannot and does not ensure, represent, warrant or guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to the Company (whether through our Website or otherwise, including over email or the telephone) or any person affiliated with the Company. By disclosing your email address to us for any reason, you are expressly consenting to receive electronic (including email) notice from us in the event of any security breach.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology for internet transmission of credit card information you provide to us through our Website. When the letters “http” in the URL change to “https”, the “s” indicates that you are in a secure area employing SSL. Also your browser may give a pop-up message stating that you are about to enter or leave a secure area. Using a browser that is SSL capable will ensure that your information is encoded/encrypted when it is sent over the Internet.
If you register for an account on our Website, your personal information is protected by the password you provided when you created your account or updated your password while logged into your account. We urge you to keep this password and login information private and to never share it with anyone. In order to protect the security of your account, you should also sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit in order to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission. This will ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a public computer. You may not use another person’s account (including username, password and credit card). You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your account and password. Please also let us know in a timely manner if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password. We reserve the right to delete any user account that we believe in good faith and in our sole discretion presents a security risk or is not in compliance with our policies.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
The Company does not knowingly collect or store personal information about children under the age of 13. If the Company learns that it has collected personal information from a child under age 13, the Company will delete that information from its database.
CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
If you have submitted personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email address or similar information) through the Website or otherwise and would like to change or delete that information, please contact the Company atgeneral@boulderdogfoodcompany.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, the Company may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the Website or for any other reason without prior notice. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the updated Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to ensure familiarity with the most current version of it.
By continuing to use the Website after the Company makes any changes to this Privacy Policy, you indicate your consent to those changes. Changes to privacy policy apply to previously collected information unless expressly prohibited by law. As noted above, by using this Website you are expressly agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
QUESTIONS
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company at:general@boulderdogfoodcompany.com or by mail at the following address:
Boulder Dog Food Company, LLC
P.O. Box 4417
Boulder, Colorado 80306-4417
* * *
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
The Company, and certain third parties that provide content, functionality, and/or services on, through or in connection with the Website, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Website. This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work.
Cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites and other online service providers use to store information about users on the users’ own computers. Cookies may be used to store a unique identification number tied to your computer so that a website can recognize you as the same user across different visits to the website. You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely. The Company and the third parties that provide content, functionality, or business services on, through or in connection with the Website may use cookies to collect information about your browsing activities in order to provide you with more relevant content and promotional materials, on and off the Website, and help the Company understand your interests and improve the Website.
Web beacons. The Company, along with its third-party partners, may also use technologies called web beacons that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server. Web beacons can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, and can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the web beacon, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the web beacon was viewed. The Company and its partners may use web beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of the Website and in conjunction with cookies to improve the Website and to provide you with more relevant promotion materials.
Please also see the Company's Terms of Use, available on the Company's Website.
Close
Customer Login:
is added to your shopping cart.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
You have successfully subscribed!
Net Orders Checkout
Item
Price
Qty
Total
Subtotal
$0.00
Shipping
Total
Shipping Address
United States
---
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d’Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau SAR China
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Martin
Samoa
San Marino
São Tomé & Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Barthélemy
St. Helena
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Martin
St. Pierre & Miquelon
St. Vincent & Grenadines
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard & Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Outlying Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
AlabamaAlaskaAmerican SamoaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFederated States of MicronesiaFloridaGeorgiaGuamHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarshall IslandsMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaNorthern Mariana IslandsOhioOklahomaOregonPalauPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirgin IslandsVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingArmed Forces AmericasArmed Forces EuropeArmed Forces Pacific
Shipping Methods