https://www.dinnerplanner.com/privacy-policy/
Home FREE MEAL PLANS Best Family Recipes Printables GREENER YOU! Healthy You! BLOG
Cheap & Easy Meals
Privacy Notice This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for DinnerPlanner.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data. Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the email on our contact page.
TOPICS/CATEGORIES
Cheap & Easy Meals
CookBook Reviews
Fredo's Blog Dads That Cook
GUEST BLOGGERS
Healthy Dinners
HEALTHY LIVING
Healthy Sides
Holiday Dishes
INSTANT POT RECIPES
One-Pot Wonders
Pittsburgh Foodlicious!
Product Reviews
Sally's Hobby Farm
Savory Soups & Stews
SHE COOKS
SHE'S AMAZING
Summer Recipes
THIS & THAT
What's for Dinner
What's For Lunch/Breakfast
YUMMY BAKING
Quick Links CONTACT US ABOUT US WEEKLY FAVORITE PRODUCT! INSTANT POT RECIPES Helpful Articles Kitchen Stuff We Love Clean and Healthy Meals Coffee Break Egg Recipes Shop With Us Healthy Products All About Spices Privacy Policy Notice
What’s New at DinnerPlanner.com!
Easy Pulled Pork Sliders on Hawaiian Rolls
Pecan Crusted Pork Chops with Plum Sauce Recipe
Homemade Gluten Free Pan Pizza Recipe
Cheesy Baked Salsa Chicken Recipe
Banana Bread Muffins with Pudding Mix Recipe
Instant Pot Baby Potatoes Recipe
Gluten Free Chicken Cutlets Recipe
Carne Asada Bowls Recipe
Instant Pot Buffalo Chicken Meatballs
Easy Creamy Corn Recipe
Dinner Planner  – Meal Planning For Busy Families! Bring Your Family Back to The Dinner Table with Healthy and Delicious Dinner Recipes and Dinner Ideas!
Follow @DinnerPlanner