http://www.mauricesbbq.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Maurice's Piggie Park
CALL
1-800-MAURICE
Sign In /
CART
0
Menu
Menu
Order Meal Delivery Now
About Pit-Cooking
About Our BBQ Sauce
Locations
Shop
Shop
BBQ of the Month Club
Retailers
FAQs
Guarantee
Wholesale
Order Online for Restaurant Pickup
Our Story
About
History
Awards
Employment
Contact Us
Catering
Order Catering Now
Order EZ Cater
Catering FAQs
Bulk Gifts
Fundraising
Bulk Pickup
Privacy Policy
Piggie Park knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Piggie Park, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Piggie Park Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Piggie Park. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your “Subscription” preferences by logging into your account.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does Piggie Park Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely neccessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the “log off” link located in the side menu.
Which Information Can I Access?
Piggie Park gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Piggie Park, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the “Contact Us” link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Piggie Park. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, phone numbers, and credit card information.
Automatic Information
For security purposes Piggie Park sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the “Contact Us” link. Or you can email us at: mail@piggiepark.com.
Links
Join Little Joe E-club
Shop & Ship Nationwide
Catering for All Occasions
Check Out Our Restaurant Menu
Contact Information Maurice’s Piggie Park BBQ
P.O. Box 6847
West Columbia, SC 29171
1-800-MAURICE (1-800-628-7423)
mail@piggiepark.com
© 2020 Maurice's Piggie Park BBQ.
About   /   Jobs   /   Contact   /   Shipping   /   Privacy Policy   /   Conditions of Use
Order Online - Irmo Only