http://www.alljigsawpuzzles.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Orders may be taking a little longer than usual, but you can still get FREE Delivery on orders over £20!
Welcome to the All Jigsaw Puzzles Shop! Get FREE Delivery on Orders over £20!
Privacy policy
Alljigsawpuzzles.co.uk is committed to protecting your privacy, while providing you with an engaging experience on our website. Please read on for more information on how we collect and protect your data.
Newsletter Lists All Jigsaw Puzzles provides the opportunity for visitors to supply their email address for the purpose of receiving our specific newsletter and promotional offer information. These email addresses will only be used for this purpose and never shared with third parties unless you have provided your prior consent. When you place an order with us, we will add your address to our mailing list and your email address to the subscription for our newsletter, updates and email promotions. We will collect personal information to provide you with effective customer service. If you would prefer not to receive any further information from All Jigsaw Puzzles then please email unsubscribe@alljigsawpuzzles.co.uk and state this clearly in your email.
Our Security Measures We take every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. Please review our security page for more detailed information on our website's security measures.
Cookies A Cookie is a small piece of information stored by your browser on your hard drive. This site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. No personal information is contained or transmitted in the cookie. If you reject cookies, you will be unable to use our website.
Site Reporting We use IP addresses to assist us in analysing trends, tracking each user's movement, and gathering broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
External Links This web site may contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Map Marketing Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements any web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Your Consent By providing personal information you consent to the collection and use of this information by Map Marketing Ltd as outlined in this privacy policy. This website adheres to European data protection legislation. Data collected on this website from European visitors will not leave Europe other than in accordance with those laws. If we change this policy we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and to what purposes.
This privacy policy applies to the website www.alljigsawpuzzles.co.uk
All Jigsaws Puzzles welcomes your comments and questions about privacy and security. Please send all email via our Customer Service Help Desk
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal
£1
£5
£10
£20
Donation