http://www.dropzonepaintball.com/terms_privacy.asp
Hours & Park Information
New
Clearance
Gift Certificates
Services
My Account
Order Status
QUESTIONS? CALL US!
785-841-1884
Gun Packages
Guns
by Brand
Dye
Empire
Empire BT
GoG
Invert Mini
JT
Kingman Spyder
Planet Eclipse
Proto
Smart Parts
Tippmann
by Type
.68 Caliber
.50 Caliber
.43 Caliber
Limited Edition
Electronic Trigger
Full Auto
Mechanical Semi Auto
Tournament | Speedball
Woodsball | Tactical | Scenario
Milsim | Assault
Sniper Rifle
Pistol
Pump Action
Refurbished | Remanufactured
Used
Tanks
12 Gram CO2 Cartridges
CO2 Tank Burst Disks
CO2 Tanks and Accessories
CO2 Tank Parts
CO2 Tank Valves
CO2 Tank Covers and Butt Plates
CO2 Tanks
Premium Air Systems
Air Tank Accessories
Air Tank Burst Disks
Air Tank Covers
Air Tank Parts and Orings
Air Tank Regulators
Air Tanks and Accessories
Paintball Tanks by Brand
Air Fittings, Hoses, and More
Remote Line Kits and Accessories
Thread Caps and Tank Orings
Masks
ALL PAINTBALL GOGGLES AND ACCESSORIES
DYE Goggles and Accessories
Empire E'Vent Goggles and Accessories
Invert Goggles and Accessories
JT USA Elite Goggles and Accessories
JT USA Spectra Goggles and Accessories
JT USA QLS Goggles and Accessories
Kingman Training Paintball Goggles
Proto Goggles and Accessories
Save Phace Goggles and Accessories
Tippmann Paintball Goggles Systems
VForce Goggles and Accessories
Barrels
by Brand
Custom Products
DYE Precision
Hammerhead
J and J
JT USA Paintball
Lapco Paintball
Smart Parts
Stiffi
TechT iFit
Tippmann
Trinity
by Thread Type
Model 98 Threaded Barrels
A5 Threaded Barrels
Angel Threaded Barrels
Angel A1 Threaded Barrels
Automag Twist Lock Barrels
Autococker Threaded Barrels
ICD Threaded Barrels
ION Threaded Barrels
Raptor Threaded Barrels
Shocker Threaded Barrels
Spyder Threaded Barrels
Tippmann TPX Threaded Barrels
VM68 Threaded Barrels
Barrel Kits and Tips
ALL BARREL ACCESSORIES
Barrel Sleeves
Barrel Squeegees
Loaders
ALL PAINTBALL LOADERS
Hoppers and Accessories
Cyclone Feed Loaders and Upgrades
Dye Rotor Loaders and Accessories
Empire Magna Loaders and Accessories
Empire Prophecy Loaders and Accessories
Invert Halo Loaders and Accessories
Odyssey Paintball Loaders and Accessories
Tippmann Loaders and Accessories
Viewloader EVlution and Accessories
Viewloader Force Paintball Loaders and Access.
ViewLoader VLocity Loaders and Accessories
Other Agitated Loaders and Accessories
Gravity Fed Loaders and Accessories
All Paintball Loader Accessories
Parts & Maintenance
Replacement Parts by Gun
Diagrams & Manuals
ALL TOOLS AND SUPPLIES
Tools
Batteries
Lube and Oil
ALL PAINTBALL FIELD SUPPLIES
HPA Fill Stations
CO2 Fill Stations
Chronographs
Upgrades & Mods
by Gun
Air Gun Designs Paintball Guns
Angel Paintball Sports Paintball Guns
Bob Long Paintball Guns
Brass Eagle Paintball Guns
BT Paintball Guns
Dye Paintball Guns
Invert Mini Paintball Guns
JT USA Paintball Guns
Kingman Paintball Guns
MacDev Paintball Guns
Planet Eclipse Piantball Guns
Proto Paintball Guns
Smart Parts Paintball Guns
Tiberius Arms Paintball Guns
Tippmann Paintball Guns
US Army Paintball Guns
Viewloader Paintball Guns
WGP Paintball Guns
by Type
Generic Accessories
Camo Wrap
Drop Forwards
Pin Depressors
Bottom Lines
Expansion Chambers
Regulators
Grip Covers
Tactical Accessories
- Dot Sights
- Batteries for Sights and Scopes
- Bi Pods
- Cameras
- Flashlights
- Foregrips
- Lasers-Green
- Lasers-Red
- Magazines
- Scope and Sight Mounts
- Scope and Sight Rings
- Scopes
- Slings
- AK47 Accessories
- M16/M4 Accessories
Paintballs
Empire
Evil
Karnage
RPS | PMI
Tiberius
.50 Caliber Paintballs
Paint Grenades and Mines
Clothing & Padding
Clothing
All Clothing
ACU Camouflage Clothing
BDU Camouflage Clothing
Paintball Jerseys
Paintball Pants
Paintball Headwear
Beanies
Hats
Headbands
Visors
Tippmann Headwear
Casual Gear
Jackets
Long Sleeve TShirts
Other Shirts
Short Sleeve TShirts
Dress Shirts
Shorts
Sweatshirts
Paintball Shoes
Pads & Protection
All Paintball Pads
Elbow Pads
Chest Protectors
Gloves
Knee Pads
Harness & Bags
Paintball Gear Bags
Pods and Pods Fillers
Paintball Packs
ALL PAINTBALL PACKS
Paintball Harnesses
Paintball Packs
Entry Level Packs
Mid Level Packs
Professional Packs
Pack Accessories
Paintball Tactical Vests
MOLLE Tactical Vests
Airsoft
Airsoft BBs
Airsoft Accessories
Pre-Charged Pneumatics PCP Air GunAccessories
(Your shopping cart is empty)
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use 'cookies' to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the 'Do we use 'cookies'?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the 'How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?' section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term 'outside parties' does not include Drop Zone Paintball. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the 'My Account' section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the 'My Account' section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Join our Email List and get a free t-shirt!
About Us /Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Support
Wholesale
Retail Showroom
Play Paintball
Order Online or by
Phone:
(785) 841-1884
Product Index |
Category Index
Copyright ©
Drop Zone Paintball. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use
Sell Online with Volusion.
Google+