http://www.manukahoney.co.uk/privacy-policy
USD
EUR
GBP
Log in
Login to your account
Username *
Password *
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Don't have an account yet?
Register now!
AccountCartCheckout
Sidebar
×
MANUKA HONEYCertified UMF rating 10+ Certified UMF rating 15/16+HONEY PRODUCTSHoney Skin Care SoapManuka CapsulesEssential OilsMEDICAL HONEYIrradiated Manuka Honey - 100% - UMF 15+Manuka Honey Ointment - 40% UMF 15+Wound DressingsSKIN CARESkin Health Crème by Madeleine RitchieSkin Care Crème by Madeleine RitchieMadeleine Ritchie Skin Care RangeINFOAbout ManukaResearchHealth BenefitsFAQsHoney RecipesUMF Honey Assoc.About UsContact UsOrder TrackingTerms & ConditionsBLOGWHOLESALE
MANUKA HONEY
Certified UMF rating 10+
Certified UMF rating 15/16+
HONEY PRODUCTS
Honey Skin Care Soap
Manuka Capsules
Essential Oils
MEDICAL HONEY
Irradiated Manuka Honey - 100% - UMF 15+
Manuka Honey Ointment - 40% UMF 15+
Wound Dressings
SKIN CARE
Skin Health Crème by Madeleine Ritchie
Skin Care Crème by Madeleine Ritchie
Madeleine Ritchie Skin Care Range
INFO
About Manuka
Research
Health Benefits
FAQs
Honey Recipes
UMF Honey Assoc.
About Us
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Terms & Conditions
BLOG
WHOLESALE
Manuka Honey Ltd Privacy Policy
We make every effort to ensure we protect your personal information. This website (the "Website") is owned and operated by Manuka Honey Ltd. This Data and Privacy policy, in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions explain how we may use the information we collect about you, as well as the rights you have over any personal information we hold about you. Please read this Policy and our Terms & Conditions carefully; by accessing the Website you confirm to have understood and agreed to them.
Information we collect
We collect information about you when you:
visit the Website; register on or buy products on the Website; take part in our promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires; or contact us via e-mail, phone or letter.
We may choose to add to this data by collecting information from other sources such as the electoral roll. This additional data helps us to check the accuracy of the data we hold about you and to send you the most relevant offers and promotions.
How we use your information
We collect your personal information to help us better understand you and to enable us to personalise the Website, offers and promotions to your needs.
We use your information to:
manage, develop and improve the Website; personalise our services, offers and promotions to you operate your account; process your orders and allocate Reward Points to your account; tell you about important changes to the Website and our offers; develop and improve our products and services; manage promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires; and check and verify your identity, and prevent or detect crime.
In performing checks, your information may be disclosed to credit reference agencies who may keep a record of that information. This is not a credit check and your credit rating will not be affected.
From time to time, we may share your personal information with our subsidiary or associate companies so they might provide you with relevant products and services. However, this data will never be shared with any business other than our subsidiary or associate companies.
Marketing and customer research:
With your prior agreement, we may contact you:
with details of offers and information about our products or services, with offers and information about products or services from selected partners, and for customer research e.g. to help improve our services or the Website
It is entirely your choice if you wish to receive or not receive this information. However, if you tell us that you don't want to receive marketing information from us, this will mean that you won't get newsletters or details of great offers or promotions that may be of interest to you.
You may choose to no longer receive marketing information from us by:
e-mailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., telephoning us on 0 3333 4455 35 or writing to us at Surrey Oak, 34 Wood Street Green, Wood Street Village, Guildford, Surrey GU3 3EU UK.
Cookies
To help you to better understand the cookies that we may use on the Website we use a classification that was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK. This explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don't want to have them on your device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. This information is then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
There are two types of cookies that can be used:
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
You can find more information about cookies at the websites allaboutcookies.org and youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the Website:
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below:
Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. For the types of cookies that are strictly necessary, no consent is required. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, such as shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.Analysis cookies: These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website; for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, which pages they go to next and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.Functionality cookies: These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or advertising cookies:
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Behavioural advertising and online privacy:
Behavioural advertising enables retailers to display adverts to you on the web based on the products and retailers that you have previously visited. A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at the website youronlinechoices.eu. The guide contains an explanation of the self-regulatory scheme to allow you greater control of the advertising you see.
Using browser settings to manage cookies:
You are able to use the settings within your browser to control the cookies that can be placed onto your computer. The 'Help' menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, cookies are essential to allow you to take advantage of some of the Website's features, so we recommend that you leave them turned on. For example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to Sign in i.e. to track your Rewards Points. If you leave cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
Disclosing your information:
We will never disclose your information to anyone other than our subsidiary and associate companies except where we have your consent; where we are required or permitted to do so by law; where other companies who provide a service to us as part of our order process require that data i.e. delivery companies or payment providers; or where they are successors in title to our business. We will never share your data with other companies for marketing purposes.
Other websites:
The Website may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and not covered by this Policy. The operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their policy, which may differ from ours.
Accessing your information:
To obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, write to: Data Protection Officer, Manuka Honey Ltd. enclosing a cheque or postal order for £10 payable to 'Manuka Honey Ltd'. If any of the details are incorrect, let us know and we will amend them.
Changes to our policy:
This Policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of 1st January 2015. We reserve the right to change the Policy at any time.
Contacting us: If you have any queries, please contact us at enquiries@ manukahoney.co.uk.