http://www.cuisineofindia.com/privacy/
Skip to main content
Main Content
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated 10/30/19
About this Privacy Statement
Cuisine of India has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website. By accessing cuisineofindia.com, you acknowledge your full understanding of our Privacy Statement and willingly consent to the information collection and use practices described below.
Types of Information We Collect
Cuisine of India may collect personally identifiable information through web server logs, Cookies, and/or user-supplied information.
Web Server Logs – Your web browser automatically sends certain types of information when you visit a website. The kinds of data may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, web pages visited, date and time of your visit, and other statistics. To improve our website and services, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics to monitor, collect, and analyze the data.
Use of Cookies – A Cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive to help us improve your user experience on our website and to identify repeat visitors. Usage of a cookie is not associated with any personally identifiable information on our website nor can Cookies be used to deliver viruses.
User-supplied Information – Information you supply through online forms on our website may include personally identifiable information such as your email address, phone number, street address, or business information. The information is used to deliver the information or services you have requested.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the data gathered through the methods listed above to statistically analyze site usage and to improve our content and the ways in which we serve our website visitors.
Disclosure of Your Information
We respect the privacy of our website visitors and, therefore, we will not sell or intentionally release any of our visitors’ personal information to any third party. We will disclose any information requested by law enforcement or other government officials when required.
Removing Your Personal Information
You have the option of removing your contact information from our databases at any time. If you should decide you no longer wish to receive future communications or to participate in any other services, simply contact:
Cuisine of India at
External Links
This site contains links to other websites. Cuisine of India is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Cuisine of India reserves the right to amend this privacy statement at any time, without notice, and only the current privacy statement may be deemed effective.
AFFILIATE PROGRAM PARTICIPATION
The Site may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Site. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
CuisineOfIndia is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As an Amazon Associate, the Site earns from qualifying purchases. As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Site will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, you may contact Cuisine of India at info@cuisineofindia.com. We appreciate your questions and comments.
© 2020 Cuisine of India. All rights reserved