http://www.faliconcranks.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy – Falicon
Skip to content
Search
Home
Instructions
Site navigation
Menu
Site navigation
Home
Instructions
Item added to cart. View cart and check out.
Close
Close
Call 440-951-6600 or sales@faliconracing.com
Close
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY NOTICE
Your trust matters to us. That is why we protect your information and use it responsibly, while continuing to deliver the excellent service you expect from Falicon. At Falicon , we are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal data. Falicon has created this Privacy Notice to explain how Falicon collects and uses personal data.
The contact information for Falicon is:
Falicon  Inc.
7201 Industrial Park Blvd.
Mentor, OH 44060-5396
Does this Privacy Notice apply to you?
This Privacy Notice applies to you if you are a customer of Falicon, a recipient of a package delivered by Falicon, a supplier of Falicon, or if you contact Falicon, for instance by applying for a position with Falicon, by visiting www.Falicon.com , using social media or if you receive emails from Falicon.
Our websites are for a general audience and not geared toward children. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data from children under age 16. If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any Personal Data to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you. If you believe your child may have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please
contact us at faliconmkt@faliconracing.com and we will remove it.
What information does Falicon collect?
In the course of its business activities and providing the services, Falicon will need to process personal data. “Personal Data” is any information that can directly or indirectly be used to identify a natural person. You provide most of your Personal Data directly to Falicon, for instance:
Contact information. Such as your name, address, e-mail address and phone number;
Financial information. Such as your bank account number, payment status and invoices;
Account information. Log-in details, including your email address and password, and other information provided in your account;
Information related to shipment and services. Such as shipment tracking number, shipment routing information, location data, status of a shipment, delivery location;
User and preference information. Such as shipping amounts, history of purchases and related commercial activities, communication, and survey information.
In addition, Falicon may obtain Personal Data automatically when you visit the Falicon website ( www.Falicon.com ) or any of its subpages, for system administration and troubleshooting, to identify you so we can enhance your online experience and to help Falicon understand the effectiveness of the content messaging and information provided. This information may consist
of:
IP address;
Unique device or user ID;
System and browser type;
Date and time stamps;
Referring website address;
Content and pages you access on our website or mobile apps;
Dates, times and locations when actions take place; and
Click-stream information.
This Personal Data is obtained through the use of cookies or similar technologies. To opt out of cookies or similar technologies, please contact us at questions@Falicon.com.
Why does Falicon process Personal Data?
We process Personal Data because it is necessary to perform our contractual obligations with you, or it is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations, or for other legitimate business interests of Falicon to provide quality and secure shipping services. More specifically, Falicon uses Personal Data for the following activities:
Product development, research and improvement of Falicon products and/or services. Falicon processes Personal Data as necessary for the development and improvement of Falicon products and/or services, research and development.
Performing agreements. This includes tracking Falicon services, communication with individuals and other parties regarding services, responding to requests for (further) information, dispute resolution and preparing agreements.
Relationship management and marketing for commercial activities. Falicon may process Personal Data as necessary for the development and improvement of Falicon products and/or services, account management, client services and the performance of (targeted) marketing activities in order to establish a relationship with a client and/or maintaining as well as extending a relationship with a client, business partner or supplier and for performing analyses with respect to Personal Data for statistical and scientific purposes.
Business process execution, internal management and management reporting. This includes addressing activities such as managing company assets, conducting internal audits and investigations, finance and accounting, implementing business controls, provision of central processing facilities for efficiency purposes, managing mergers, acquisitions and divestitures and processing Personal Data for management reporting and analysis.
Safety and security. Personal Data may be included in the processing for activities such as those involving safety and health, the protection of Falicon and customer, supplier or business partner assets and the authentication of customer, supplier or business partner status and access rights.
Protecting the vital interests of individuals. This includes processing data when necessary to protect the vital interests of an individual (e.g., for urgent medical reasons).
Compliance with legal obligations. This addresses the processing of Personal Data as necessary for compliance with laws, regulations and sector specific guidelines to which Falicon is subject (e.g., matching names of clients, suppliers and business partners against denied parties’ lists).
Who has access to your Personal Data?
Falicon may share your Personal Data with third parties in the following circumstances:
Falicon may share your Personal Data with its affiliates, operating groups, subsidiaries and divisions, or with third parties if such is necessary for the purposes as listed above. If appropriate, Falicon will require third parties to conduct activities in a manner consistent with Falicon policies and guidelines in relation to data protection.
Falicon may share your Personal Data with data processors, i.e. parties processing Personal Data on our behalf, including WordPress and associated plugins, Steelfish Design, CloudTech1, MailChimp and Rackspace. In such cases, these third parties may only use your Personal Data for the purposes described above and only in accordance with our instructions. Falicon will only use processors that provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures and ensure the protection of the rights
of data subjects.
Falicon employees may have access to your Personal Data if necessary for the performance of their tasks. In such a case, access will be granted only if necessary for the purposes described above and only if the employee is bound by confidentiality.
Falicon may share your Personal Data if required to do so by law, court order, or other legal process, for example, with law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies, to establish or exercise our legal rights or in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divesture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
How long will Falicon process your Personal Data?
Falicon retains your Personal Data for a limited amount of time and will delete your Personal Data after it is no longer necessary for the purposes of the processing. The exact period of time is based on the type of the Personal Data and the legal obligations or business purposes for retaining it.
What measures does Falicon take to protect your Personal Data?
Falicon has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful processing, such as:
Protecting your Personal Data against unauthorized access;
Maintaining the confidentiality of your Personal Data;
Maintaining the integrity and availability of your Personal Data;
Training personnel in information security requirements; and
Reporting actual or suspected data breaches in accordance with applicable law.
Where does Falicon store or transfer your Personal Data?
Due to the nature of our business and the services we provide to our clients, Falicon may need to transfer your Personal Data to locations outside the country where you reside. In any case where we transfer Personal Data, Falicon shall ensure that such a transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards.
For the European Union, such transfers to third parties will be governed by a contract based on the model contractual clauses for data transfer approved by the European Commission. To receive a copy of these model contractual clauses by submitting a written request to the contact above.
What rights can you exercise in relation to your Personal Data?
Based on the law applicable to the use of your Personal Data, you may be able to exercise a number of rights in relation to your Personal Data. Note that in many cases, your rights are not absolute and we may not be required to comply with your request. A number of such rights, as may be applicable in the European Union, are explained below.
Right of access
You are entitled to a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to learn details about how we use it. Your Personal Data will usually be provided to you digitally.
Right to rectification
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate and complete. However, if you believe this is not the case, you can ask us to update or amend it.
Right to erasure
In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to erase your Personal Data. For example, where the Personal Data we collected is no longer necessary for the original purpose, where Personal Data has become obsolete or where you withdraw your consent. However, we will need to balance this against other factors. For example, we may not be able comply with your request due to certain legal or regulatory obligations.
Right to restriction of processing
In certain circumstances, you are entitled to ask us to (temporarily) stop using your Personal Data. For example, where you think that the Personal Data we hold about you may be inaccurate or where you think that we no longer need to use your Personal Data.
Right to object
You have the right to object to processing based on our legitimate interests. Unless we have a compelling legitimate ground for the processing, we will no longer process Personal Data on that basis when you file an objection. Note, however, that we may not be able to provide certain services or benefits if we are unable to process the necessary Personal Data for that purpose.
Rights relating to automated decision-making
You have the right not to be subjected to automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effect for you or has a similar significant effect. If you have been subject to an automated decision and do not agree with the outcome, you can contact us using the details below and ask us to review the decision.
Right to withdraw consent
We may ask for your consent to process your Personal Data in specific cases. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Falicon will stop the further processing as soon as possible after the withdrawal of your consent. However, this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing before consent was withdrawn.
Please use the contact details above if you would like to exercise any of your rights.
What if I have other questions or complaints?
Questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data can be directed to Falicon by using the contact information as provided at the top of this Privacy Notice.
For certain of our customers in the European Union, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with local data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you work, where you live or where an alleged infringement takes place. A listing of the European Data Protection Authorities can be found here.
Will there be updates to this Privacy Notice?
Falicon may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If an amendment will have a serious impact, Falicon will endeavor to actively inform you about such amendments. Falicon will publish an up-to-date Privacy Notice on the website www.Falicon.com at all times, indicating the latest amendments.
Other Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Follow us
Facebook
© 2020, Falicon.