https://www.colonhealth.net/access/privacy.htm
Home
Main Menu
Colon Hydrotherapy
Weight Loss Center
Health Articles
Health Shop
Therapy Equipment
Therapist Search
Marketing Services
Site Map
Privacy Statement
The Colon Therapists Network has created this Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy issues. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: The Colon Therapists Network whose domain name is Colonhealth.net
We are very committed to your privacy, so here is our privacy promise To You...
The Colon Therapists Network will never sell, exchange, or release any ofyour individual personal or business information to any third partywithout your express written permission.
Google Interest-based Advertising, Ad Preferences,Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies
Interest-based Advertising: Many websites, including this website, use Google's AdSense program to show ads on their sites. It's our goal to make these ads as relevant as possible for you. While we often show you ads based on the content of the web page you are viewing, the Google Adsense program has also developed technology that shows some ads based on interest categories that you might find useful.
Ad Preferences: To make the ads you see on the web more interesting, many websites, including this website, partner with Google to show ads on their websites. To see ads that are more related to your interests, you can use the Ads Preferences Manager to edit your interest categories based on websites you recently visited. To learn more about Google Ad Preferences and interest-based ads click here.
Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies: As you browse websites your interests are associated with an advertising cookie called the DoubleClick DART cookie that's stored in your web browser. If you don't want Google to store your interests, you can opt out below.
What is the DoubleClick DART cookie?
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites, including this website, to display AdSense for content ads. When you visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on your web browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help AdSense publishers better serve and manage the ads on their site(s) and across the web.
Please note the following information about Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick DART cookie enables it to serve relevant ads to youbased on your visit to this website and other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick DART cookie by visiting the Google adand content network privacy policy.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) non-personally identifying information disclosure:
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information -- NOT including your name, address, email address, or telephone number -- about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice, your choices about not having this information used by these companies and how you can opt out of this cookie as well as other network advertising cookies visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
IP Address
What is an IP address? It is a number automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet and it is visible to most of the websites that you visit. Like most other websites, your IP (Internet Provider) number is visible to us when you visit our website. This should not be a concern to you. As do many other websites, we only use IP numbers to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our website. Your IP address may also be used to help identify you in product order forms and/or shopping carts. Some other websites use your IP number for marketing purposes. We do not.
Use of Cookies
Our site may use cookies (small text files) to keep track of your order forms and shopping cart. Also, we do display some banner ads on our website. Some banner exchanges may employ cookies to track performance of their client's banner ads. We do not have access to this information.
Links to other Websites
The Colon Therapists Network is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of websites linked from or linked to us.
Email and Order Form Information
Our website uses order and email forms for you to request information, products, and services. Naturally we will, in the course of this business communication, collect your contact information (e.g. your email address) and in the case of product orders, financial information (e.g. your account or credit card numbers) for payment. Contact information from the order form (e.g. your name and address) is used to send out your product order, to track shipment and delivery. Your contact information may be used to get in touch with you when necessary.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use SSL encryption to protect your financial information.
Choice/Opt-Out Request
You have the choice to 'opt-out' of receiving communications from us. To remove your information from our database and to not receive future communications or service, use the following submission form http://colonhealth.net/access/privacyform.htm
Correct/Update Information
If you wish to change and/or modify information previously provided to us, then use the following submission form http://colonhealth.net/access/privacyform.htm
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, or the practices of this Website you can contact us.
Disclaimer : Privacy : Contact Us
© 1997-2020 The Colon Therapists Network, All Rights Reserved.