http://www.shoeboxtasks.com/terms-of-use
Autism Independent Work Tasks, TEACCH Task Boxes
HOME
ABOUT
History
TEACCH
Workshop
Team
Green Ethics
ORDERING
Domestic
International
Shipping & Returns
SHOP
Shop Tasks
Shop Replacements
SUPPORT
Replacement Kits
Videos
Instructions
RESOURCES
Consulting
Newsletters
Links
Contact
Search
0
Sign InMy Account
TERMS OF USE
Terms & Conditions of UseIn using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing United States Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Privacy StatementOur Privacy Policy is available to review on this website.Exclusions and LimitationsThe information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature;excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.PaymentAll orders originating in or being shipped to a country/territory/locality outside the Continental United States must be pre-paid into our PayPal account, after first requesting and receiving an Estimate of goods plus shipping costs. Authorized purchase orders from schools and organizations within the United States are accepted on an individual basis, subject to approval by the Company. Purchase Orders are accepted only with a completed copy of the ShoeboxTasks Order Form, and must be submitted via our online Purchase Order Request Form or fax; no email attachments of Purchase Orders are accepted. Payment by major Credit/Debit Cards is accepted only from customers with both billing and shipping address(es) within the Continental United States through this website. All goods remain the property of the Company until paid for in full.Cancellation PolicyMinimum 24 hours notice of cancellation required. Verified notification via email will be accepted as confirmation in writing.Termination of Agreements and Refunds PolicyBoth the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, prior to shipment of goods. For more information, see our Shipping and Return Policy here: www.shoeboxtasks.com/policies/shipping-and-return-policiesAvailabilityUnless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are available worldwide, excluding those countries with which the United States is legally unable to conduct trade. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is only used within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.CookiesLike most interactive web sites this Company’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.Links TO this websiteYou may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links FROM this websiteWe do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites is not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Copyright and Trademark NoticeCopyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exist on all text relating to the Company’s services/products and the full content of this website. This Company’s logo and products are registered trademarks of this Company in the United States and other countries. The brand names and specific services of this Company featured on this web site are trademarked. CommunicationWe have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, and other contact information, can be found in the Footer on this website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.Force MajeureNeither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.WaiverFailure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.GeneralThe laws of North Carolina and the United States govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website and using our services/purchasing our products, you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of United States courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.Notification of ChangesThe Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a purchase indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.