https://www.thewoolroom.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About this policy
woolroom Limited collects personal information about people who come into contact with us for various reasons. This includes visitors to our website, customers, enquirers and people who may be interested in working with us.
This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal information we hold and how that information is used. Please read this policy carefully. By providing personal data to us in any way, you agree to our use of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Privacy
1 We believe strongly in protecting our customers' and web-site users' privacy. We have measures in place which are aimed at helping to keep your data secure and we take reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of personal information supplied by you.
Information We May Hold
2 The personal information we collect about you will usually include basic contact details such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, goods selections, credit card or other payment information and any password that you provide to us will be treated as private and confidential.
3 From time to time we may collect other data about you depending on why you have contacted us. For example, if you are enquiring about the Allergy Seal offered on some of our products, then we may ask for information in respect of your allergies or particular needs. If you contact us in your capacity as a representative of the organisation for which you work (rather than in a personal capacity) we may take your job title and role.
4 If you contact us through our website by using the contact form, by telephone, email or write to us, the content of those communications may also include other personal data and we may also keep a copy of that correspondence on our records.
How and Why We Use It
5 We use your information for the following purposes:
5.1 processing your orders accurately and efficiently;
5.2 to hear your opinion about our goods and services;
5.3 in order to help us identify the product that is best suited to you;
5.4 if you consent, to notify you of new goods or special offers that we think you will find of interest; and/or
5.5 to administer this website.
6 If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we will offer you the means to consent to these new purposes by either indicating your consent at the point on the website where the data is collected or by communicating with you by email.
Security
7 We use industry standard security to safeguard the confidentiality and storage of your personally identifiable information in accordance with current UK Data Protection legislation and guidelines. We hold all personal information that we receive or collect in our internal content management system and use it for the proper administration of our business as outlined above. We also only disclose your details to those individuals within our organisation who have a need to know them for the proper performance of their duties.
8 Please note however, that the transmission of information via the internet can never be guaranteed as entirely secure and therefore any transmission of data is at your own risk. We cannot be held liable for any loss that you may suffer if a third party obtains unauthorised access to any data, including credit and account details you provide when accessing, or ordering, from this website, unless this is solely due to our negligence. You should ensure at all times that you run up-to-date security software on your computer.
9 We will not wilfully disclose information about you to any third party, without first receiving your consent. We never pass, disclose or sell our customers' personal details to any marketing lists. However, where applicable we may, by law, be required to disclose certain information to the government, law enforcement agencies or other third parties. We may also monitor use and network traffic for site security purposes and may use any information, including personal data to prevent any unauthorised attempts to tamper with our website or cause damage to our property. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information either where you have given us explicit consent to do so or otherwise where we may do so in accordance with applicable data protection legislation.
Communications and Marketing
10 You will only receive promotional information from us if you consent, by ticking the appropriate box, during the registration process. We may send this content by email or in the post. You can unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by clicking the link in the foot of emails, replying to a promotional e-mail with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line, or by e-mailing us at info@thewoolroom.com or by telephoning us on +44 (0)1780 461 217. We will then make sure your personal information is deleted from our mailing list and databases within a reasonable time.
11 From time to time, we provide links on our website to third party sites. We cannot be responsible for any use of your personal data which arises from you disclosing personal data to third parties. We suggest that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.
Your Rights
12 You have a right to access the personal data we may hold about you. If you would like to check the details that we hold about you please do not hesitate to contact us. We will be happy to review and update, amend or delete your records as necessary. We can provide you with a readable copy of the personal information that we keep about you within 30 working days, although we will require proof of your identity and any such request for personal information must be received by us in writing. We are entitled to levy a reasonable charge, such charge not to exceed £10, in order to provide this information to you. Any such requests should be made in writing to woolroom Ltd., 33-35 Pillings Road, Oakham, Rutland, LE15 6QF.
13 We have an obligation to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. You have the right to ensure that any inaccuracies in your personal data are corrected or removed. From time to time, we may contact you to confirm that the personal data we hold about you is correct. To assist us in ensuring that the personal details we hold about you are accurate, please notify us of any changes in your personal details. You can do this by contacting us using the details below:
woolroom Ltd.
33-35 Pillings Road
Oakham
Rutland
LE15 6QF
Tel: 01780 461217 (open Monday to Friday 9.00 am to 5.00 pm)
Email: info@thewoolroom.com
Transfers of your Information
14 If all, or substantially all, of our assets used to operate our business are acquired by a third party then your personal information may be transferred to that third party.
Other
15 This website uses cookies. You can find out more information about cookies and the way in which we use them in our Cookies Policy which you can view here
16 We may change this policy at any time. If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or the way in which we use your personal data, please contact us on the details set out above.
17 For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR 2018, woolroom Ltd. is a data controller. woolroom Ltd. is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under Registration number Z1497295.
Terms & ConditionsCookies PolicyPrivacy PolicyPromotional Terms & ConditionsReturns PolicySocial Media Policy100-Night Trial Terms and Conditions
Back To Top
Join the flock today...
Sign up here to receive to receive all the latest news, launches and information straight to your inbox.
Help
About Us
Contact us
Woolroom Difference
Careers
Our Stores
Site Map
COVID-19 UPDATE
Delivery & Returns
Delivery information
Returns & Refunds
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & conditions
Help & Advice
Sleep Help & Advice
Why Wool?
5 Freedoms
Interest Free Finance
Blog
©2020 woolroom - All rights reserved
33-35 Pillings Road, Oakham, Rutland, United Kingdom, LE15 6QF
Call:
+44 (0)1780 461217
Email: info@thewoolroom.com
We use cookies to give you a better service. Continue browsing if you're happy with this, or find out more about cookies.
Accept & Close
BeddingWool Beds & MattressesKidsWool Accessories & HomewaresClearance
About Us
Why Wool?
Sleep Guarantees
Our Stores
Contact Us
Delivery Information
Returns Information
Terms & Conditions
Bedding
Departments
Wool Bedding Sets
Wool Duvets
Wool Pillows
Wool Mattress Protectors
Wool Mattress Toppers
Organic Wool Bedding
Traceable Wool Bedding
Cotton Bed Linen
Organic Cotton Bed Linen
Wool Bed Blankets
Washable Wool Bedding
Lightweight Duvets
Useful Information
Duvet Selector Tool
Sleep Help and Advice
5 Reasons to Buy Wool Bedding
Sleep Trials
Size Guide
Wool Beds & Mattresses
Departments
Wool Mattresses
Wool Bed Frames
Divans
Useful Information
7 Top Tips to Choosing the Right Mattress
Mattress Buying Guide
Mattress & Bed Delivery Information
Sleep Trials
Size Guide
Kids
Departments
Baby Sleeping Bags
Kids’ & Baby Bedding
Kids’ Mattresses
Baby and Kids’ Bedding Sets
Baby Sheepskins
Wool Baby Blankets & Cushions
Useful Information
Baby Sleep Advice
Wool Accessories & Homewares
Departments
Sheepskins
Wool Blankets & Throws
Wool Cushions
Wool Accessories
Wool Interiors
Clearance
X
X
You are not viewing the correct site mode based on your geographical location.
Please choose from the options below to view the correct version of our site.
Please select your preferred site mode
Please select
United Kingdom
Europe
Canada
United States
International
X