https://www.smokedsalmon.co.uk/terms-and-conditions+pu+tncs+1
Skip To Content
Inverawe Main Navigation
Who We Are
Who We Are
About us
The Business
The Smoking Process
Inverawe House & Family
Visitor Centre
Inverawe Holiday Cottages
The Fisheries
Inverawe Ghost Stories
Press Coverage
Trade Service
Shop
Shop
The Winter Range
Wild Partridge
Fresh Pheasant Breasts
Highland Venison
Light Smoked Cutlets
Trout Terrine
Honey Roast Salmon
Fresh Salmon
Fresh Bread
SMOKERY OFFERS
40% OFF Trimmings
15% OFF Red Grouse
3 Pates for £10
The Field
Smoked Fish
Smoked Salmon
Roast Smoked Salmon
Royal Fillet
Smoked Trout
Roast Smoked Trout
Whole Smoked Trout
Smoked Halibut
Smoked Haddock
Kippers
Arbroath Smokies
Mackerel
Extra Smoky Trimings
Fresh Fish
Fresh Salmon
Fresh Trout
Specialities
Lightly Smoked Salmon
Smoked Cod's Roe
Gravadlax
Beetroot Gravadlax
Caviars
Whisky Smoked Salmon
Ready To Serve Range
Salmon Terrines
Trout Terrines
Timbales
Caviar Timbales
Catherine Wheels
Potted Smoked Salmon
Perfect Pates
Smoked Fish Pates
Meat Pates
Collections
Standing Orders
Smoky Essentials
Signature Box
Smoky Selection
Brunch Box
Lockdown Boxes
Lockdown Fish Box
Lockdown Meat Box
Provisions Box A
Seafood Range
Potted Crab
Potted Shrimp
Smoked Mussels
Meat & Game
Highland Venison
Fresh Partridge
Fresh Pheasant Breasts
Stornoway Black Pudding
Hand Cured Bacon
Smoked Meats
Smoked Chicken
Smoked Argyll Ham
Smoked Venison
Smoked Duck
Venison Salami
Smoked Meat Selection
Foodie Finds
Smoked Cheese
Bakery
Meat & Game
Sauces & Preserves
The Cellar
Plates & Platters
Gifts
Gifts
Simply Salmon Gifts
680g Side Smoked Salmon
400g Smoked Salmon
Gift Boxes
The Gift Box for One
The Favourites Gift Box
The Inverawe Box for two
The Smokery Connoisseur
The Inverawe Box for Four
The Inverawe Family Box
Boxes & Baskets
The Eriskay Hamper
The Treasure Chest
The Handy Box
The Inverawe Forever Bag
Traditional Hampers
The Tiree Hamper
The Isle of Colonsay
The Loch Etive Hamper
The Argyll Hamper
Fizz & Celebrations
Smoked Salmon & Fizz
Bubbles and Treats
White Wine & Salmon
Side of Salmon & Bubbles
Whisky & Salmon
Tableware Gifts
Smokery Treats and Slate
Smoked Salmon & Olivewood Board
Salmon and Wooden Board
Bramble Platter & Salmon
Ceramic Platter
Olive Wood Platter
Salmon Board
Slate Board Gift Set
Recipes
Recipes
New Ideas
Smoked Salmon
Roast Smoked Salmon
Smoked Trout
Smoked Trimmings
Smoked Mackerel
Smoked Haddock
Smoked Eel
Smoked Cod's Roe
Speciality Fish
Smoked Meats
Not Just Fish
Offers
Offers
40% OFF Trimmings
15% OFF Red Grouse
3 Pates for £10
The Field
Miscellaneous
Miscellaneous
Contact us
About us
Your account
Trade service
Quick order
FAQ's
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
The business
Our family & history
Our processes
Visitor centre
Download a brochure
Request a brochure
Trade
Trade
About us
The Smoking Process
The Business
Contact us
My Account
My Account
Personal Details
Addresses
Change Password
Reminder Service
Order History
Logout
Expand Navigation
Menu
Search Inverawe
Search Inverawe
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Who We Are
Terms & Conditions
Order Confirmation
All orders (except telephone and web orders) will be confirmed by post.
**WEB ORDERS every order placed on the web will received an emailled confirmation.
If you do not receive on it could mean we do not have your order and you must call our customer care team immediately on 03448 475 490.
IMPORTANT - 2020 Seasonal Delivery Instructions
SPECIAL CHRISTMAS ARRANGEMENTS
Please read the following important delivery arrangements for the two weeks prior to Christmas Day.
Remember to send your gifts in plenty of time as many people go away early for Christmas.
Christmas Deliveries:
There are THREE delivery windows for you to choose from.
OPTION 1: For delivery between 7th/11th December
Delivery will be any day between the 7th and the 11th December. We would encourage you to use this
delivery to avoid the busiest week of the year.
Please note that some products would have to be
popped into the FREEZER for use on Christmas Day.
OPTION 2: Delivery from 14th December onwards
Delivery will be any day between the 14th and the 23rd December. Your parcel could arrive on any day so
please be aware that you need to give us a telephone number and a safe place to leave it if you aren't
going to be home.
Or have it delivered to your work place.
PREMIER SERVICE:
for delivery on the day of your choice
(excludes 21-24 December)
This service is the best way to ensure your order arrives in time for birthdays, dinner parties and events.
Premier delivery is available to UK mainland addresses
only and excludes Saturday, Sunday or Monday.
The charge is £20.00 per address.
New Year Despatches
Parcels for delivery between Christmas and the New Year will be despatched on the 28th of December. New Year Delivery will only be made to UK Mainland addresses.
First Deliveries After the New Year
First delivery date after the New Year will be 6th January 2021.
Last Order Dates
Christmas Delivery by 14th December.
New Year Delivery by 21st December.
GENERAL DELIVERY CHARGES AND INFORMATION
CARRIER SERVICE
Our Standard Carrier Service can 1-2 days for delivery. We will make every effort to ensure your goods arrive by the date you have requested but as this is not a guaranteed service, goods could arrive either side of your preferred date. Please use our Premier AM service if a guaranteed arrival date is important to you. Orders must be with us by midnight for next day despatch (dependent on stock availability)
DELIVERY CHARGES
These rates apply to each, individual UK mainland delivery address. Carriage is charged at £4.95. For Northern Ireland, the Isles, Channel Islands and Isle of Wight (up to 10kg ONLY) - these rates apply to each individual address: Deliveries under £25.00 = £7.95 and over £25.00 = £15.00.
FREE DELIVERY FORTNIGHT
From time to time we offer FREE Delivery. During the offer period will only be applied to UK Mainland Addresses and the offer excludes, deliveries to North West Highlands and Islands of Scotland, Channel Isles, Isle of Wight and Norther Ireland.
DELIVERY ARRANGEMENTS
Parcels are normally delivered between 9am to 6pm if no-one is likely to be in please give instructions where to leave your parcel (i.e. garage, porch, at back door). Better still have your goods delivered to a work or alternative address for your convenience.
POINTS OF NOTE
The majority of our products are perishable and should be kept refrigerated on arrival. We reserve the right to alter a dispatch date due to circumstances outwith our control.
Premier Delivery Service
A guaranteed service where you can specify your delivery date. Deliveries on Tuesday to Friday add £20.00 or Saturday delivery add £40.00 per address. Simply select from the available list of services on the website.
We cannot accept orders for BFPO addresses, Hospital Wards or for Australia, United States or New Zealand.
Please contact us for more information on our international service.
Please note that the majority of our products are perishable and should be kept refrigerated.
We will endeavour to deliver our goods as requested however due to adverse weather conditions or circumstances out of our control we may be unable to do so.
We will undertake to deliver at the next available opportunity and our liability is limited to this.
On the rare occasion of a product not being available we reserve the right to substitute items of a similar or greater value.
The photography is a good indication of the hamper or box, please see the listing for exact contents.
Some of our items contain Alcohol.
You must be 18 or over to order these items.
By placing an order you confirm that you are at least 18 years old.
Payment is taken at time of order as we are producing it.
Alcohol Policy
Alcoholic drinks can be purchased from Inverawe for delivery solely within the United Kingdom. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you confirm that if purchasing alcohol you are of at least the minimum legal age required by your Country to purchase and consume alcohol. Under the Licensing (Scotland) Act 2005 it is an offence for any person in the United Kingdom under the age of 18 to buy, or attempt to buy, alcohol, or for any person over the age of 18 to buy alcohol on behalf of any person under the age of 18.
Force Majeure
Inverawe Smokehouses will exercise every reasonable effort to meet the requested despatch date.
Inverawe will not, however, be liable for any loss or damage due to delays or failure to ship resulting from any cause beyond its reasonable control, such as but not limited to securing necessary export licences, compliance with laws or regulations, acts of God, acts or omissions of the Purchaser, acts of civil or military authority, judicial action, defaults of sub-contractors or suppliers, labour disputes, failure or delays in transportation, embargoes, wars or riots.
Security Online
Inverawe accepts credit card payments online from Visa, Visa Debit, Mastercard, Maestro, American Express, Eurocard, Delta and Solo. Transactions conducted at our web site are protected by the strongest commercially available 128-bit encryption technology, used worldwide.
Further information on our Secure Credit Card Processing system can be obtained by calling us on 0344 8475 490.
Privacy Policy
Full details on our Privacy Policy can be accessed here Privacy Policy Please feel free to contact us 0344 8475 490 should you require any further information or assistance.
Copyright Policy
All material on this web site is the property of Inverawe Smokehouses. These materials are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Information received through this website may be displayed, reformatted and printed for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not reproduce or retransmit the materials, in whole or in part, in any manner, without the prior written consent of Inverawe Smokehouses, with the following exception only: You may make single copies of the materials available through this website, solely for your personal, non-commercial use, and only if you preserve any copyright or other notices contained in or associated with them. You may not distribute such copies to others, whether or not in electronic form, whether or not for a charge or other consideration, without prior written consent. You can request permission to reproduce or distribute materials available through this web site by emailing or writing to us.
None of the above terms affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Overseas Delivery
We are currently UNABLE to send any goods outwith the UK
Product Information
To ensure the succulence of our sides of smoked salmon we present them with the skin included.
All our smoked products are suitable for home freezing with the exception of the potted shrimps, smoked mussels, smoked prawns and potted crab.
Personal Gift Cards & messages
If you are sending your order to us by POST we will be delighted to enclose your personal cards with your gifts.
Just enclose your cards with your order and we do the rest.
This service is FREE!
For online and phone orders, make your gift more special by using the greetings message service.
This service is FREE!
Alterations & Cancellations
We can accept alterations to orders a minimum of 3 days prior to day of despatch. There is a charge of £3.00/delivery address to carry out your alteration instructions. However during our peak winter season (October to December) the minimum notice period extends to 3 weeks.
Returns and Non Delivery
Occasionally some packages can be delayed or even undelivered by the courier. mPlease contact us as soon as you have any concerns about your parcel. The quicker we know the better. Inverawe cannot be held responsible for parcels which are undelivered or mis-routed due to incomplete or incorrect addresses given by the customer.
Substitutions
On the rare occasion of a product not being available we reserve the right to substitute items of a similar or greater value.
Photography
The photography is a good indication of the hamper or gift box contents, however, please see listing for exact contents.
Inverawe Smokehouse began with just one smokebox. Today we are proud to be one of the biggest mail order companies and one of the most renowned smokehouses in Scotland and holders of the Royal Warrant. Our smokehouse products are famous for their gorgeous smoky, full-bodied flavour.
Our traditional way of wood smoking flies in the face of modern production because we rely on real people taking their time and using age-old skills rather than cutting corners with rows of machines. But we think you'll agree when you taste our hot smoked salmon, or any of our many other smoked foods, that the end result is worth the wait.
Although this way is more time consuming and labour intensive, the end result surpasses all expectations.
Smoking is one of the oldest ways of preserving foods and at Inverawe Smokehouses we continued this ancient art in our traditional smokehouse design.
This method retains the real taste of properly smoked Scottish fish.
About Us
About Us
Our business
Holiday cottages
Visitor centre
Shipping
Shipping
Delivery information
Returns
Services
Services
Request a brochure
Quick order
Trade services
Your basket
Your account
Newsletter Signup
More Info
More Info
Sitemap
Contact us
T&C's
Privacy Policy
Help & FAQ's
Environmental Policy
Current Vacancies
Inverawe on Facebook
Inverawe on Twitter
Inverawe on Youtube
Your Basket (0)
Printed from Inverawe Website. https://www.smokedsalmon.co.uk ©Inverawe
By using this site, you consent to our use of cookies. To learn more, please click here to view our Privacy Policy, or click here to close this message.
Sub Total:
Not including P&P or discounts
Total Qty:
0
View Shopping Basket