http://www.indianriverfruits.com/privacy
Call 1-800-343-7848 | customercare@indianriverfruits.com
LOGIN
Register an Account | Forgot My Password
Home
Products
About Us
Corporate
Catalog
Contact
Shipping
Cart
Fundraising
SIGN UPFOR OURNEWSLETTER
Receive updates aboutnew products and specials!
NAME:
EMAIL:
ZIP:
Privacy Policy
This page details how we gather and disseminate information in an effort to demonstrate our commitment to only privacy.  Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
Use of Registration Information
Our site's registrations requires customers to supply contact information, such as name and E-mail address, and demographic information, such as ZIP codes, or other information,.  We use this information to send promotional materials from our company, but we never share this personal information with any other company.
Use of Order Information
When you place an order, Indianriverfruits.com requests information such as contact information, credit card number and demographic information.  The contact information you provide is used to send your orders, and occasionally, promotional material from our company.  Your credit card information is used for the sole purpose of billing you for products and services.  Demographic data is collected to personalize future visits by displaying the content we feel would interest you most.
Use of Gift Recipient Information
Information collected about gift recipients is used for the sole purpose of shipping gift items.  Information may be removed or modified by you at any time.  Recipients may request to be removed by contacting our Customer Service Department by E-mail at www.Indianriverfruits.com or telephone at 1-800-343-7848.
Security
Indian River Fruit Company features security measures to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control by limiting access to our computers storing your personal information, and uses encryption technology to scramble private data as it is being transmitted to our servers.
Opt-In-Opt-Out Specials and Promotions
Indian River Fruit Company allows users to opt-out of receiving E-mails Specials and Promotions from us.  To opt out of our E-mail Specials and Promotions please send an E-mail to Customercare@indianriverfruits.com with Unsubscribe as the subject line.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post it here.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Indianriverfruits.com - Indian River Fruit Company, P.O. Box 829,  Dundee, Fl   33838  Toll Free 1-800-343-7848
Site Map
Home
Products
About Us
Corporate
Catalog
Contact
Shipping
Quick Links
Promotions
Fundraising Fruit
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
My Account
Login
Register an Account
Forgot My Password
© 2020 Indian River Fruit Company
P.O. Box 829
Dundee, Fl 33838
1-800-343-7848
customercare@indianriverfruits.com
Website Design by Luminus Media