http://www.clevelandart.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Mount Sainte-Victoire, c. 1904. Paul Cézanne (French, 1839-1906). Oil on fabric, Framed: 87.5 x 106.5 x 7 cm. Bequest of Leonard C. Hanna, Jr. 1958.21
Mount Sainte-Victoire, c. 1904. Paul Cézanne (French, 1839-1906). Oil on fabric, Framed: 87.5 x 106.5 x 7 cm. Bequest of Leonard C. Hanna, Jr. 1958.21
A
Privacy Policy
The Cleveland Museum of Art (“CMA”), owner of the website located at www.ClevelandArt.org, respects the privacy of every individual and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) provides information on the manner in which your personal information obtained through your use of www.ClevelandArt.org or related sites (together, the “Website”) is processed and used on this Website. CMA uses your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms and Conditions of Use. Your use of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Website.
Information Collected and Used. CMA collects personal information from you (for example, your name, postal address, email address, and other data) when you provide personal data through our Website. The Website generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your email address, name or phone number. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested. CMA may also collect and store additional usage information such as where, what and when you are searching. CMA reserves the right to use information gathered by it for any and all purposes. If you do not wish to have your information shared, write to us at info [at] ClevelandArt.org. If you do not wish to receive future communications from us by email, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the email.
Third Party Access. We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums and search software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. If you choose to purchase items through features on our Website, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There also are times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Website that are managed or participated in by third parties, such as our shopping areas. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We also may provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While CMA will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, CMA does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. There also may be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose. While your individual information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
Use of Information. Your information is stored in a secured database and is used for purposes of providing you with information requested by you, providing for a follow up with you in connection with materials you request and as a part of our mailings and solicitations to prospective customers, allowing us to contact you for administrative purposes; for example, to tell you about changes to our Privacy Policy. The information you provide also may be utilized for market research purposes, for project planning or for development of prospect lists for marketing. We may also use this information to contact you occasionally about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. We may use information that you provide in order to present you with advertising that we believe, based on your history of use with the Website, you may find interesting.
Please note that all email that originates from us will either display the www.ClevelandArt.org domain name or an affiliated domain name. If you receive an unsolicited email that you believe is connected with us in any way, please forward the email (as an attachment) to info [at] ClevelandArt.org.
Disclosure of Personal Information. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, CMA does not share, rent or sell personal information about you with other people or companies. We reserve the right to use in any manner and also to disclose any non-personal information that we collect including, but not limited to, cookie and traffic data. We may release personal information when we believe that doing so is appropriate to comply with the law (for example, to respond to a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply our policies; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our rights or property; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our site or services; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
Third party service providers that may assist us with the administration of the site or otherwise perform services on our behalf, including payment transaction processing and sending email may be supplied with or have access to your personal information solely to provide services to us or on our behalf. Third-party ad servers (or ad networks) that we choose to help us deliver ads to you on our behalf may collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our site in order to present advertisements that may be of interest to you. Information about our users and their activity on the site is a business asset of CMA. Therefore, information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the site, our services or fulfill products, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.
Unsolicited Email (SPAM). You should be aware, however, that unscrupulous marketers can sometimes “harvest” your email address directly from your computer or another person’s address book or even obtain your email address through programs that automatically search web pages and email traffic for email addresses. CMA also may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us if we believe that the law requires us to do so or if it is necessary to protect the rights or property of CMA, our affiliate companies, our staff, or our users.
Information Automatically Collected. In addition, we automatically receive and collect certain types of information whenever you visit our Website. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies” and web beacons to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses and goes through our Website. We use this information to monitor and understand the usage and performance of our Website, to enhance our customers’ search and shopping experiences and to determine aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns – all off this helps us make improvements to the Website. We may permit third parties to place programs on our site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. We also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to communicate with you after you have sent us emails. If you send us emails, from time to time we may use information about your preferences and interests to send updates to you about CMA, its services, listing, special offers, our advertisers or other selected companies or information that may be of interest to you.  Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. If you do not want any cookies, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly.
Do Not Track. CMA does not track its Website users over time and across third party websites in order to provide targeted advertising. CMA therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor information that is presented to you. If you are visiting third party sites, you should become familiar with the sites tracking policies. CMA makes no representations and accepts no responsibility for the tracking activities of any third party.
Security. CMA will use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and not to disclose such information to any third parties. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that may receive the information. CMA takes commercially reasonable and appropriate measures (as determined in its sole and absolute discretion) to limit access to your personal information to people who need it to do their job. For example, if we need to mail something to you, we must share your name and address with a direct mail company. We limit such third parties in their access and use of your personal information. We cannot guarantee the protection of information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration or that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. We have no control over the security of other sites on the Internet you might visit, interact with, or from which you buy products or services.
Linked Web Sites. Our Website includes links to other websites operated and maintained by separate companies. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. Those websites may have different privacy policies. If you click through to another website, you should check the privacy policy of that website, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the website. CMA is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
Children. This Website is directed to adults and is not directed to children under the age of 18. CMA does not knowingly permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must obtain the permission of their parent or legal guardian before making purchases, including subscriptions, on this Website. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Website, they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so. This Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website.
Changes to Information. We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future CMA contacts (for example, mailings, calls, etc.) by emailing us at the address below. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts by CMA, we will endeavor to remove your name from all of our contact lists; however, we can only promise to endeavor to remove you from any lists we control. We shall have no liability under this Privacy Policy for our failure to accomplish this objective.
Your Consent. By using our Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using our website, you should also be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Website, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through your use of the Website. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by logging into your account or by emailing our Privacy Policy Coordinator at info [at] ClevelandArt.org.
We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole and absolute discretion. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post any changes on this page and your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance and agreement to any revisions to our Privacy Policy.
IP Address. Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Website.
Interest-Based Advertising and IP Targeting: We may work with data providers to serve advertising to you through display media or other methods. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or log in to websites or mobile applications. This information may be linked to online identifiers or IP addresses assigned to you and to demographic or interest-based data, in order to target you with relevant advertising, including information about our products or services. To learn more about or to opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA at http://www.aboutads.info and by the NAI at https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
If you have other concerns or questions about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you may also email our Privacy Policy Coordinator at info [at] ClevelandArt.org.
8460478.1
Main menu
Admission and Hours
Today at the Museum
Reserve Tickets
Visit
Exhibitions
Digital
Art
Search the Collection
Learn
Research
Join and Give
About
Home
Tickets Required
Download the ArtLens app
Tuesday, Thursday
Saturday, Sunday
10:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Wednesday, Friday
10:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Closed Monday
cacgrants
oac
© 2020 Cleveland Museum of Art. terms and conditions / privacy policy / send a comment /
museum policies / online collection in collaboration with Substrate Websoft / site map
donate
tickets
shop
blog
ask
terms
privacy
supporters