https://www.pauljuliadesigns.com/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPaulJulia Designs (pauljuliadesigns.com)
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online.
PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other specific details for us to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
Provide us with feedback on our products or services.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the site, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To request customer ratings and reviews of services or products.
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
PaulJulia Designs website does not use an SSL certificate
We do not need an SSL certificate because:
Our shopping cart uses PayPal Standard to process credit cards, debit cards and account balance payments from customers. When a customer is ready to pay for an order, he or she will click on “Proceed to PayPal” button. This will bring the customer to the PayPal page with the SSL certificate. This is indicated with “https” to show security of the page.
We also accept United States Postal Service Money Orders as a payment method. We do not directly accept personal or business checks, or bank wire transfers as a form of payment.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain unique information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved service. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your browser settings. Since browsers are slightly different in functionality, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to adjust your cookies.
Controlling browser cookies
If you turn cookies off in the Internet browser, some features will be disabled. For instance, your site experience may not function properly. Additionally, your shopping cart will not function.
Cookies keep track of shopping cart data, and help when the data changes based upon customer’ preferences. The cart cookie also contains a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within these cookies.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We have implemented the following third-party links:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies).
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, PaulJulia Designs agrees to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this Privacy Policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or at a minimum, on the first significant page after the user enters our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change or update your personal information:
By logging in to your account.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals by not planting cookies or using advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
Yes. It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking through our shared social media buttons such as Facebook.
Fair Information Practices Principles
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws worldwide. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that keep personal information confidential.
In order to be in compliance with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse in courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information; respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not to use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email sent.
If, at any time, you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can:
Click the button or link to unsubscribe at the bottom of each email. We will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding the PaulJulia Designs Privacy Policy, you may contact us or you can mail your questions to us at the address below:
PaulJulia Designs
P. O. Box 44
Malden, MA  02148-0001
USA
Last Edited on Sept. 09, 2016
Product Categories
Select a category
Crochet Knitting Needles Organizer
BAGS AND PURSES
Quilted Purses
Zippered Purse
Tote Bag
Magnetic Snap Fastener
Fall & Winter
Drawstring Purse
Handbag
Floral
Pets Animal
French Toile
Patchwork
Weekender
Backpack
Messenger Bag
Featured
Long Hair Bonnet
Satin
Color Combination
Print Color
Solid Color
Chiffon
Cotton
Short Hair Bonnet
Chiffon
Cotton
Satin
Silk
Eyeglasses Case
Toile Print
Floral Print
Jewelry Pouch Organizer
Subscribe to Our Newsletter and receive a Coupon!
Top Rated Products
Light Blue Satin Hair Bonnet
$14.95
Red Floral Provence Weekender Bag
$29.00
Covington Blue Toile
$59.00
Search our Products
Scroll to top