http://www.qualitymobilevideo.com/terms-of-use/
Shop by DepartmentCar Video
LCD Monitors
Car DVD Players
Car Cameras
Wireless Headphones
LCD Monitors (all)
Overhead Flip Down Monitors
Headrest Monitors
Universal Monitors
Panel Mount Monitors
Rear View Mirror Monitor
HDMI monitors
Sun Visor Monitors
Raw LCD Monitors
Portable Televisions
12 Volt Televisions
Car DVD and Video Players
Overhead DVD Player
Headrest DVD Players
Factory Matched Headrest DVD
Attachable Headrest DVD Players
Car DVD Player
Portable DVD Player
Center Console DVD players
Smartphone Display adapters
Car Cameras (all)
Back up camera systems
Wireless Back up camera systems
Reverse Cameras
Front Cameras
Dash Cameras
Parking Sensors (all)
Blindspot Sensors
Installation Accessories (all)
Cables
Mounts
Car TV Tuners & Antennas
12 volt power supplies
Cigarette Lighter power plugs
Power Inverters
Video switchers
Car Audio
Car Stereos and Radios
Car Amplifiers
Car Speakers
Car Subwoofers
Car Stereo Receivers
Dash Kits
Wiring Harness
Steering Wheel Interface
Phone Mirroring Interface
Auxiliary Input Interface
Antennas, Cables and Adapters
Car Subwoofers
Subwoofer Drivers
Subwoofer Boxes
Loaded Subwoofer Boxes
Powered Subwoofers
Box Building Supplies
Car Amplifiers
Amplifier Installation Kits
Power and Distribution
Capacitors
Audio Cables
Line Output Converters
Add an Amplifier Interface
Car Speakers
Speaker Mount Adapters
Speaker Wiring Adapters
Speaker Grills
Speaker Wire
Sound Dampening
Sound Processors
DSP Processors
Equalizers
Installation parts
ABS Plastic
Auxiliary Audio Input Adapter
Linear Actuators, Controllers, & Brackets
Cross Flow Fans
Screws and Washers
Tools
Sirius Satellite Radio
Marine Audio
Marine Stereos
Wake Tower Speakers
Marine Speakers
Marine Subwoofers
Marine Amplifiers
Marine Accessories
Marine Video
Motorsports Audio
Power-Sports Audio
Bluetooth Speaker Systems
Home Electronics
CCTV Systems
Audio Video Furniture
Kitchen TV's
LCD and Plasma TV's
Digital Video Signage and Displays
Digital Picture Frames
Keychain Digital picture photo frame
Digital photo frame
Kitchen TV's
Photography
DSLR monitors
DSLR Monitor batteries
TV Mounts
Articulating Flat Panel Mounts
Ceiling Flat Panel Mounts
Desktop LCD Mounts and Arms
Flat Panel Mounts
In-Wall Flat Panel Mounts
TV Mount Accessories / Brackets / Wall boxes
Tilting Flat Panel Mounts
TV Mount Accessories / Brackets / Wall boxes
Speaker Stands and Mounts
Speaker Mounts
Speaker Stands
GPS
Aftermarket in Dash GPS
Factory Navigation Radio's
Portable GPS Navigation
Fishfinders and Marine Radios
Double DIN Navigation
Single DIN Navigation
Android Auto Radio's
Apple Car Play Radio's
Rearview Mirror GPS Navigation
Mirror-Link Rear-view Monitors
Mirror-Link Modules and monitors
Portable GPS Navigation
Add on GPS Navigation
Add on Navigation Monitors
Navigation Interfaces
Personal and Vehicle GPS tracking
Navigation Software Updates
Car Accessories & Security
Automotive Lighting
Car Security Systems
Garage Gadgets
Vehicle Wiring Materials
Automotive Lighting
Safety Lighting
LED Strip Lighting
Headlight Kits
LED Light Bars
LED Bulbs
LED Light enclosures
Motorized LED Lights
Puddle Lights
Under Car Lighting
Motorization
Linear Actuators
Actuator Brackets
Actuator Controllers
Fans
ABS Plastic
Tools
OBD Scanners
Breathalyzers
Jump Starters
Solar Lighting
Flashlights and Work Lighting
Car Alarms and Remote Starters
Alarm Systems
Remote Start Systems
Replacement Remotes
Alarm Installation Parts
Power Inverters
Screws and Washers
Crimp connectors
Electrical Tape
Heat Shrink Tube
Wire Loom
Relays
Switches
Wire Ties
Cleaners and Solvents
Portable Electronics
iPod and iPhone Cables
iPod & iPhone Boomboxes
Speaker systems
iPhone & iPod Car Chargers
iPod & iPhone Clock radio
Headsets and Headphones
iPod & iPhone Chargers
iPod & iPhone Docks
iPod cases & iPhone cases
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus cases
iPhone 5 and 5C cases
iPhone 4 Cases
iPod Touch 4th Generation Cases
Pod & iPhone FM Transmitters
Phone Mounts and Holders
Screen Care & Cleaning
Smart Buys
Welcome
Home
>
Terms of Use
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Site Terms Of Use
Acceptance of Contract Terms
As a user of QualityMobileVideo.com you hereby agree implicitly and without express written consent that you have read and agree to be bound by the outlined terms and conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these Terms of Use, do not use the QualityMoibleVideo.com. By using this site you are acknowledging that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and all applicable laws and regulations.
Use Restirictions:
Copyrights
The material provided on this site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. QualityMobileVideo.com is recognized as a producer of original copyrighted material. Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. holds exclusive copyrights to all of the material on this site. Any commercial use, distribution, duplication, or reproduction of material on this site is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of QualityMobileVideo.com.
Litigation & Jurisdiction
Any disputes and conflicts arising from these terms of use or involved with a sales transaction on QualityMobileVideo.com will be governed by the laws of the State of California. For non-Small Claims matters, the venue shall be Los Angeles County, California. The Superior Court of Los Angeles will serve as the sole jurisdiction in regards to resolving any non-Small Claims disputes between QualityMobileVideo.com and a customer, and the parties consent to relinquish all rights to pursue non-Small Claims litigation outside of the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the aforementioned State Courts. The prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable legal fees and costs.
Collections
In the event Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. must pursue collections of any debt owed to the company resulting from a sales transaction, not limited to fraud, credit card reversals, credit accounts, etc., Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. will be entitled to actual costs associated with the collections, including, but not limited to, actual legal fees and costs, travel fees, airfare, mileage, lodging, and other necessary costs associated with the collections.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and logos (the "Trademarks") used and displayed on this site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. Any commercial use, distribution, duplication, or reproduction of these trademarks and logos is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of QualityMobileVideo.com. All other logos displayed on this site are the property of their respective trademark owners.
Limited Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, harm to equipment and/or personal injury or death, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site whether or not Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. is aware of potential damages.
Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. shall not be held liable for a claim in contract, tort, or indemnity arising from any product it sells. QualityMobileVideo.com shall not be held liable for third party claims for damages related to product malfunction, delays, interruption of service, loss of business, or for exemplary damages, even if QualityMobileVideo.com is aware of the potential of such damages. In addition, customers shall assume any costs related to servicing, repair and correction of a misused product.
Typographical/Photographical Errors
QualityMobileVideo.com is not responsible for typographical and/or photographical errors. Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for any reason, including but not limited to typographical and/or photographical errors.
Prices, specifications and images are subject to change without notice.
Rights of Refusal
Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, including but not limited to, order fulfillment, customer support, and technical support, for any reason. A QualityMobileVideo.com order invoice does not represent an actual acceptance of an order nor does it represent an offer to sell, rather, we reserve the right to decline an order for any reason, even after an order invoice is issued.
Sales Taxes
All orders shipped within the State of California will be charged state and county sales tax. Customers ordering items to be shipped outside of California are responsible for all sales taxes and duties as assessed by their respective legislative authorities.
Shipping
QualityMobileVideo.com will not be held responsible for any delays, damages or losses due to (but not limited to) natural disasters, acts of federal, state or local government, fires, floods, strikes, lockouts, freight embargoes, and acts of God.
User submissions
User content submitted to this website may be disseminated by QualityMobileVideo.com for any purpose. Any ideas or suggestions submitted to this website are considered non-proprietary, and users responsible for submitting such material waive their rights to seek compensation when providing such material, unsolicited or otherwise.
Severability
In the case that any stipulation of this agreement is deemed invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, whether as a whole or in part, such incongruence shall not affect the validity of the remaining stipulations outlined in this agreement. If any specific provision in this agreement is deemed invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, it will be modified in a way that best retains the original meaning while following California law with respect to validity and enforceability.
Term of Use Revisions
QualityMobileVideo.com reserves the right to update our Terms of Use. As a user of this site you implicitly consent to any updates in our Terms of Use. Return to this page as often as it pertains to your concern.
YouTube channel
Blog
Company Profile
Knowledge-base
Learning/Research Center
Contact Us
CONTACT US
QualityMobileVideo.com6008 San Fernando RoadGlendale · CA · 91202Toll Free: 800.363.0096International: 1.818.242.9461
Follow Us
©2003-2018 Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc.
Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice.Qualitymobilevideo.com is not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors.All trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective trademark holders.
Loading...
video title
video content
Track order