https://www.quarto.com/sections/policy/privacy.php
12
Our Books
About Us
Investors
News
People
Corporate responsibility
Contact us
Home
Terms & Privacy
Privacy
Cookie policy
Copyright statement
Privacy policy
Terms of use & privacy notice
Privacy policy for job applicants
Privacy policy
Quarto Publishing plc (‘We’ or 'Quarto') is registered in England and Wales with company number 01252863 and our registered office is at 6 Blundell Street, London N7 9BH. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data about you will be processed by Quarto.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Please note that this policy does not set out the basis on which any personal data received via Quarto Group Inc.’s websites is processed. Please read our Website terms of use and privacy notice.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations 2016, the Data Protection Act 2018 and any and all other applicable laws and regulations relating to the processing of personal data and privacy (“the Data Protection Legislation”), we act as the data controller.
Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you::
information about you that you give us by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, post, Linkedin, social media (including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram) or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, gender, date of birth, financial and credit card information and other relevant information;
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
if you complete surveys that we use for research purposes (although for the avoidance of doubt you do not have to respond to such surveys), the information which you provide in response to that survey;
information that we collect as a result of interacting with you, including email and/or postal correspondence, social media networking (such as LinkedIn) and retaining your business card(s).
How we use your personal data
We may use the information which we collect and hold about you in the following ways:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us including the provision of products and/or services as is necessary for the performance of our contract with you;
to provide you with the information and services that you request from us prior to entering into a contract with us;
to provide you with information which you request from us as is in our legitimate interest to do so;
to answer your enquiries in accordance with our legitimate interests;
to maintain our relationship with you as a customer in accordance with our legitimate interests;
in respect of candidates who have applied to work for Quarto, to allow us to process and evaluate your application or CV in respect of any job vacancy with us that you have applied for as a step prior to entering into any contract with you;
to notify you about changes to our service as is in our legitimate interests to do so;
to provide you with information about other products or services that we offer that are similar to those that you have already been provided with where it is in our legitimate interests to do so. You may unsubscribe at any time from receiving further communications from us for these purposes;
to provide you with information about products or services we feel may interest you, any news or industry updates, upcoming events or other information, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. You may unsubscribe at any time from receiving further communications from us for these purposes;For the purposes of the above, our ‘legitimate interests’ include the proper administration, monitoring and improvement of our business, the promotion of Quarto Publishing plc which includes the provision of excellent customer service and care.
3.	Providing your personal data to others
We may share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you; and
those who perform functions on our behalf and who also provide services to us such as professional advisors as it is in our legitimate interest to do so; and
third party providers of related services.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets as part of the sale or purchase process in order to allow such transaction to complete as is in our legitimate interest to do so;
if Quarto Publishing plc or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party or its business merges with another business or company, we may share personal data with the new owners of the business or company or their professional advisers as is in our legitimate interests to do so; and
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Quarto Publishing plc, other companies in our group structure our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction as it is in our legitimate interests to do so.
Where we store your personal data and international transfers of your data
Where we store your personal data and international transfers of your data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") which has not been confirmed as having adequate levels of protection for personal data and which does not benefit from an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission. Our group companies have offices and facilities in the U.S.A and Hong Kong. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy including ensuring that the transfer is made subject to appropriate safeguards (including but not limited to the use of model clauses approved by the European Commission).
Please contact us using the contact details below if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data outside of the EEA.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us via the internet; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Retaining and deleting personal data
We shall ensure that any personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the above, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by not checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Quarto Publishing plc, The Old Brewery, 6 Blundell Street, London N7 9BH or by clicking the unsubscribe link on any marketing communication we send to you by email.
You can exercise the right to request any amendments or rectifications to your personal data by contacting us at the above address or by email at dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com and can use this address to notify us if you would like us to delete or erase your data or, in certain circumstances, if you would like us to restrict the manner in which we process your data. Please note in certain circumstances we may not be able to delete or erase your personal data such as where this is still required for the purpose for which it was provided or where we have overriding legitimate interests in retaining your data.
Where you have given us your consent to the specific processing of your personal data please note you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Should you wish to withdraw your consent please contact us at the postal or email address above.
Access to information
The Data Protection Legislation gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Data Protection Legislation by contacting us at Quarto Publishing plc, The Old Brewery, 6 Blundell Street, London N7 9BH or by contacting us by email at dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Complaints
If you are unhappy with the way in which we have collected or processed your personal data or have any other complaint in relation to our handling of your personal data, you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner. Further information can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at ico.org.uk or via their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Quarto Publishing plc, The Old Brewery, 6 Blundell Street, London N7 9BH or by contacting us by email at dataprotectionmanager@quarto.com.
quartoknows.com
Shop Quarto books online and browse our rich blog content.
submission guidelines
The Quarto Group
Who we are
Investors
News
People
Corporate responsibility
Contact us
Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Terms & Privacy
Cookie policy
Copyright statement
Privacy policy
Terms of use & privacy notice
Follow us
Subscribe to investor alerts
Twitter
Linkedin
Copyright © 2017 The Quarto Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.