https://www.modelflight.com.au/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This document sets out the privacy policy of L O’Reilly Pty Ltd trading as Modelflight.
Our respect for customer's right to privacy of their personal information is paramount.   We do not share your information, and we don’t  SPAM.  We have systems, policies and procedures to ensure that all personal information, no matter how or where it is obtained, is handled sensitively, securely and in accordance with the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Act) and our obligations under privacy law are taken seriously. We may collect personal information during the sales, refund or exchange process in order to comply with our fraud identification processes. If you wish to access your personal information please email us.
This privacy policy explains how we manage the personal information we collect, use and disclose, and how to contact us if you have any further queries about our management of, or would like to request access to, your personal information.
Personal Information
"Personal information" is any information or opinion about a person, whether true or not, from which that person may be identified.
By using this website you consent to the collection, use, storage, processing and disclosure of your information, including personal information, by Modelflight, its financial institution, third parties who provide services on or to the website and for any other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Modelflight collects your personal information for some or all of the following purposes:
to enable delivery of products purchased by you on the website;
to personalise your shopping experiences, and to allow us to provide a website that caters to our customer's interests;
to allow us to track your current and previous order history;
to provide you with the option to receive e- newsletters and to tailor these e-newsletters to your interests.  If you do not wish to receive any marketing or promotional material in relation to our services or products, you can opt out at any time by clicking the link provided in the e-newsletter or via the My Account link or by. Those subscribers who does not have an account can ask to be manually removed from any communication list via our contact form.
We do not share, sell or trade your personal information gathered online, such as your email address or postal address.
You have the option of not providing certain information requested by Modelflight at your own discretion.  This may affect your ability to complete online transactions, so if you have any questions around this please contact our Customer Service Team on 08-8186-4250.
Modelflight is the owner of the information submitted and stored on this website.  We will not disclose any of your information except as stated in the Privacy Policy. We will only use this information in accordance with this statement. You can request access to your personal information that we hold about you by contacting us via our website.
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security procedures in order to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Access to your personal information is limited to those who specifically need it to conduct their responsibilities.
We and our third party service providers take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your personal information where it is no longer required and to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, misuse and alteration.
Disclosure
We may disclose information you provide to us to third parties in order to verify your information, authenticate payment and process orders, to entities that provide credit reporting, payment or order fulfilment services.  We may also disclosure your information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, a subpoena or other legal process.
Credit Card Details
To ensure customer security, no credit card number is ever stored in our system. Your credit card details will be passed to the secure payment gateway as soon as they have been entered.
Reviews and Ratings
We encourage you as a customer to leave product and service reviews on our site to help other customers make purchase decisions. Modelflight reserves the right to publish all or part of any review or rating that is submitted to the site, including the customer's first name and suburb.
External Links
Modelflight's website may contain links to other websites.  We have no control over the content, policies or actions of such other websites.  When you access these links we recommend that you read the website owner's privacy statement before disclosing your personal information. We do not accept responsibility for inappropriate use, collection, storage or disclosure of your personal information collected outside our website.
Cookies
Cookies may be used on this website to gather non-personal data in relation to your use of this website and you consent to this (although you may be able to disable cookies on your web browser).
Transmission of Your Data
While care is taken to protect your personal information on our website, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet is guaranteed as 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you send to us or receive from us online. This is particularly true for information you send to us via email as we have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your personal information, we are required to protect it in accordance with the Act.
Website Hosting and Data Flow
Your personal information may be transferred to a database or server hosted outside Australia, in which case, we and our third party service providers will comply with the trans-border data flow privacy standards under the Act, for example, by taking reasonable steps to protect the information being held, used or disclosed by the recipient inconsistently with the National Privacy Principles. Please contact our Customer Service Team on 08-8186-4250 if you have any objections to such transfers or concerns.
Policy Changes
Modelflight reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any stage.  Any changes will be immediately published on the Modelflight website, and we suggest you review this regularly.
If you have any concerns with this Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Service Team on 08-8186-4250.
Back to top
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.