http://www.countrysamurai.com/privacy-policy-ezp-8.html
Home
Log In
Contact Us by Email:
Categories
Private Reserve Kona Coffee
100% Kona Prime
100% Kona No. 1
100% Kona Fancy
100% Kona Extra Fancy
100% Kona A-regular
Other Coffees
Hawaiian Goodies
Chocolate Macadamia Nuts
Languages
Important Links
FAQ
Shipping / Returns
About Us
Big Mature Arabica Trees
Hawaii Standard Grades
Pesticide Free Estate Coffee
Composting to the Max
Total Quality Control
Home ::
Privacy Policy ::
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for Country Samurai Coffee Company
When you visit CountrySamurai.com, our commitment to you as our valued customer is to provide an exciting shopping experience, as well as elevated level of personal service that is synonymous with Country Samurai Coffee Company. Your trust and satisfaction is of the utmost importance for us. We respect your privacy and have instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We have appropriate security measures in place in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. You can fee comfortable and secure.
We suggest that you review this Privacy Statement periodically as we update it from time to time.
What information do we collect?
Every time you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically collects the following non-personally identifiable information: your Internet service provider's address, the referring URL and, information on the pages you access on our site.
We also collect personally identifiable information that you provide, such as survey information and information you provide when you make a purchase, or register for e-mail newsletter. If you have visited our site before and provided us with your email address, we collect information on what pages you access or visit while on our site.
How do we use your information?
The information we collect is used:
·	to complete your purchase transactions
·	to provide the services you request
·	to send you sales and special offers
·	to keep you informed about the status of your orders
·	to identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you
·	to provide information concerning products you have purchased
·	to generally improve the content and layout of our Web site
·	to improve the content and layout of our Web site for individual visitors
·	to notify you about updates to our Web site
·	to improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience
When you supply us with personal information to request a catalog or order a product, the information you provide will be added to our customer file. You may receive periodic emails from us with information on new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events that we offer. If you do not want to receive such mailings from us, please send us email with request to remove your email address from our periodic email offers.
Please note that when you make a purchase and provide us with your e-mail address, we may send you confirmation of your order via e-mail even if you have chosen not to receive future email from us about our products and services. We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order.
We never provide information to outside companies or agencies for marketing purposes.
We share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
We will provide you access to the following information if you send us an e-mail, call us or write to us:
·	financial information (such as credit card account information)
·	unique identifier information (customer number or password)
·	transaction information (dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases)
·	contact information (name, address, phone number)
We will evaluate each request and reply in an appropriate manner and form of communication that ensures the security of the information you have requested.
Changes to this privacy statement
From time to time, we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our Privacy Statement. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the privacy page of our Web site to notify you of these changes. You should check our Web site periodically for more information on how we use the data we collect.
If there is a material change in the manner we use data we collect, we will update this Privacy Statement to reflect these changes.
Contact us
To contact us for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, or if you have any concerns or questions, please contact us:
·	By mail:
Country Samurai Coffee Company, PO BOX 365, Holualoa, Hawaii, 96725 USA
·	By e-mail:
sales@countrysamurai.com
Note: When you contact us, please provide us with your exact name and address as it appears on correspondence you have received from us.
Home
::
Contact Us
::
Shipping / Returns
::
Privacy Policy
Country Samurai Coffee Company
PO Box 365, Holualoa, Hawaii, 96725 USA
Copyright © 2020 Country Samurai Coffee Company. Powered by Zen Cart