http://www.globalherbs.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data. This includes data collected through the use of www.globalherbs.co.uk or information you provide when placing an order, signing up to our newsletter or taking part in a prize draw or competition.
Global Herbs Ltd is the data controller and is responsible for your personal data.
1. TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Identifying data – including your name, username, and title.
Contact data – including your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial data – including your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction data – including order history.
Technical data – including your login details, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Communications data – you may receive marketing communications from us if you have purchased products from us or if you have provided us with your communications data and ticked to indicate you wish us to send you marketing information. You are able to remove yourself from our communications database at any time by using the unsubscribe link on any emails or by emailing marketing@globalherbs.co.uk. This will not affect your ability to order products.
We do not pass your communications data to any third parties.
We do not collect any sensitive data, such as, details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, or criminal convictions and offences.
2. METHODS OF DATA COLLECTION
Direct interaction: You may provide data by post, phone, email or direct entry on our website, including when you:
Order our products
Subscribe to our newsletter
Enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey
Give us feedback
Membership account
Automated technologies or interactions: We may automatically collect technical data as you use www.globalherbs.co.uk about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies.
3. WHY YOUR DATA MAY BE USED
Your personal data will only be used where legally permitted:
For the purpose of fulfilling a contract (namely a product purchase and delivery).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of an associated third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us at marketing@globalherbs.co.uk.
4. HOW YOUR DATA MAY BE USED
PURPOSE
TYPE
LAWFUL BASIS
Product order
Identity, contact, financial, transaction and technical data
To fulfil a purchase contract and to protect our legitimate interests.
Relationship management
Identity and contact data
To comply with legal obligation and to protect our legitimate interests (records upkeep and consumer research)
Marketing and communications
Identity, contact and communications data
NB You can unsubscribe from our communications at any time. This will not affect your ability to order and receive products.
To protect our legitimate interests (growth of the business)
Testimonials
Identity, contact and communications data, photos and product use information.
NB testimonials may be shared on our website and social media pages only when we have received written communication from you. By giving us your permission to share, you are explicitly giving your permission for other social media users to engage with the relevant post.
To protect our legitimate interests (sharing of useful information to help consumers make their product choice)
Data analytics
Technical data
To protect our legitimate interests (improve consumer website experience and for the growth of the business)
5. HOW YOUR DATA MAY BE SHARED
We may sometimes have to share your personal data in the following circumstances:
For our shipping/courier partners to deliver your order.
For our IT and system administration service providers to solve problems and improve user experience.
For our credit control partners to carry out legitimate investigations and activities.
For our lawyers, banks, auditors and insurers to carry out legitimate activities.
For HM Revenue and Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. HOW YOUR DATA IS RETAINED AND KEPT SAFE
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, and for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Security measures are in operation to ensure your personal data is not accessed or disclosed in an inappropriate way.
Access to your data is limited to those employees and third parties who need access in order to fulfil a contract or on the basis of a legitimate interest.
Anyone subject to any suspected personal data breach will be notified immediately, as will the Information Commissioners Office.
7. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request deletion of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at contact@globalherbs.co.uk and we will respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
Search
Search for:
SEARCH
Popular Posts
4 Top Tips for Building Your Horses Immunity The immune system is critical for general health in people, pets, and horse...
What are equine sarcoids?
Sarcoids are the most common skin tumour of horses worldwide, they have...
Equine Joints and Arthritis: 2 Need to Knows Equine Joints and Arthritis: An Overview
For most horse owners we buy hor...
Categories
Advice
Behaviour
Breathing
Camilla Hardie
Current News
Did You Know
Digestion
Essentials
Evie Toombes
FAQs
Global Herbs Family
Information
Jennifer Olivier
Laminae
Laura Geary
Legal
Mobility
News
Other Animals
Problems and Solutions
Rebecca Cowderoy
Ride For Research
Roo Fox
Sarah Gadd
Skin & Eyes
Staff
Supercalm
Team GH
Testimonials
Top Tips
Uncategorized
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
March 2020
January 2020
November 2019
October 2019
September 2019
August 2019
March 2019
June 2018
September 2017
August 2017
July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
Free delivery on all UK mainland orders over £25*Excludes Highlands, some Scottish postcodes and Islands