http://www.westcoastseeds.com/pages/privacy-and-security
Skip to content
Temporary Shipping Delays Due To Warehouse Expansion — Will NOT Affect Holiday Shipping.
About Us
Contact Us
Custom Packets
Farming
Fundraising
Gardening Guide 2020
Working At West Coast Seeds
Media and Press
Our Newsletter
Our Team
Ordering and Shipping
Pinebush Home and Garden
Refunds and Returns
Seed Donations
Our Store
West Coast Seeds Moments
Wholesale
Our Guarantee
Privacy and Security
Types of Data Collected
To register on our web site we do ask for contact data. This data is used by us to send you West Coast information and also in case we need to contact you about your order.
By providing West Coast Seeds with your name and mailing address you are implicitly giving us permission to mail you our free catalogue and e-mail newsletter.
Should you wish to stop your West Coast Seed mail-outs please contact us at 604-952-8820 or e-mail us at info@westcoastseeds.com. Also use our e-mail address to let us know if your mailing address changes. Mailing out is expensive and we try to keep our costs down. To unsubscribe from our newsletter, please follow the instructions contained in your e-mails, or drop us a line at newsletter@westcoastseeds.com
West Coast Seeds Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting and/or shopping with West Coast Seeds. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
West Coast Seeds may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the West Coast Seeds website, and understanding how visitors use the website. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: newsletter@westcoastseeds.com
By Phone: 604 952 8820 extension 242We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.Credit Card Information and Security
Our website uses industry standard technology. Your credit card information is encrypted and secure in accordance with current standards. The information is not available to anyone except those third parties required to complete the transaction. We review the security of our web transactions regularly.
Linked sites
We link to certain web sites as additional resources for our customers. We are not responsible for their practices or their web site content. We are also not responsible for the security of these web sites.
Monthly Newsletter
West Coast Seeds now has a monthly newsletter that is freely available to anyone with an e-mail address! Please feel free to begin to sign up process by entering your e-mail address into any of the newsletter forms located on our web site (such as the one found on our Newsletter Signup page. If you prefer, you may also send an e-mail to let us know you would like to receive our newsletter. Please be advised that you must click on the link found in your autoresponse e-mail.
WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
ADD TO WISHLIST
Product has been added to your wishlist.
You can view your wishlist by creating or login account.
Please create account through ##customer_email## email
Login
Register
Growing Information, Tips, New Products and Updates, right to your inbox.
X
Your cart is empty!
Special instructions/notes
What type of gardener are you?
-Select an option-
Home Gardener
Landscaper
Farmer
Commercial Grower
Garden Centre/Nursery
University/College
Elementary/High School
Non-Profit
View Cart
Checkout