https://www.steviacanada.com/policies/
Life Just Got A Whole Lot Sweeter
with JG Group Stevia Canada
Policies
Please read below for our Ordering, Returns, Back Orders and Privacy Policies. If you have any questions or require further information, please contact us.
We are the source of high quality stevia you have come to trust and our first-rate customer service and easy to understand policies are only a few more benefits you can rely on with JG Group Stevia Canada.
Ordering:
All of our products are made-to-order to ensure fresh products of the highest quality.  Therefore, a lead time of up to 5 business day may be needed.
Prices shown do not include shipping and applicable taxes. All prices are shown in Canadian Dollars (CDN). Currency exchange is completed by the credit card company based on the daily rate.  We do not have any control over currency exchange but have always found the exchange rate to be fair and acceptable.
Order confirmation and shipping confirmation is sent by email. Unless otherwise requested, all orders within Canada are shipped using Expedited Service. All USA orders are shipped Small Packet Air if under 1 kg in gross weight, or Expedited service if over 1 kg in gross weight. All international orders are sent Small Packet International Air service unless other arrangements have been made. Please note: there is no tracking system for any Small Packet air parcels, if a tracking number is requested by the client for their shipment, an additional fee from Canada Post is charged.  Express shipping is also available at a fee.
We have no control over and cannot be held responsible for any customs delays or fees incurred.  This includes seizure or refusal of entry of any product internationally.  Although extremely rare for our packages to be denied entry into a country, it is decided upon by your own country’s custom and boarder services and therefore is not within our scope of guarantees or responsibilities.
Payment is accepted by Visa, Mastercard and AMEX.  If you wish to pay by a different method (ie: bank transfer, EMT, Paypal) please contact our office for further details.
We reserve the right to revise a price or inaccurate product description and cancel or refuse an order for an item with an inaccurate price or description. These corrections could be made after the order has been accepted and we would contact you to receive your acceptance of any change made before proceeding with your order processing.
Returns:
If you are not completely happy with your purchase from us, simply notify us within 15 days so we may discuss with you possible resolutions. We cannot accept returns on items that have had the security seal broken or tampered with and returns only accepted on products with manufacturing defects.  Returned items must be sent to us postage paid and postage is non-refundable unless previously agreed upon. We will not send out replacement products until we have received and inspected your returned items. If you wish to have replacement items sent out immediately, you will be billed for them, and account credit will be applied to your account when the returned item(s) arrive and are inspected.
Backorders:
In the rare case that a backorder is necessary, you will be contacted by email.  All information including expected delivery date will be provided.  Multiple shipments will be made, at our expense, if necessary.
Privacy Policy:
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for web pages owned and operated by JG Group Stevia Canada.
What Information Are You Collecting and How Are You Collecting It?
When a visitor requests a page from the JG Group Stevia Canada website, our web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic but do not collect and evaluate this information for individuals.
What Other Information Do You Request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, announcement lists or product updates). Whenever we request the identity of a visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested. We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy that means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.
When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
What Information Do You Collect When I Purchase Something?
If you are purchasing something from JG Group Stevia Canada, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. This information may also be used by us to notify you of related products and services. Regular company newsletters are only sent to those that have consented to this service. Your information will not be sold to third parties for any purpose.
Will You Disclose The Information You Collect To Outside Third Parties?
JG Group Stevia Canada will only disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
1) Conform to the law or comply with a legal process served on SteviaCanada.com or JGGroupStevia.com
2) Protect and defend the rights or property of the JG Group Stevia Canada sites, or visitors to SteviaCanada.com or JGGroupStevia.com
3) Identify persons who may be violating the law, or the rights of third parties,
4) Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
What Else Should I Know About My Privacy When Online?
JG Group Stevia Canada may link to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  JG Group Stevia Canada does not share any of the individual personal information you provide us with the sites to which SteviaCanada.com or JGGroupStevia.com links to or from.  Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.
Consent To This Agreement:
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by JG Group Stevia Canada as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Any information on this site in not intended to treat, diagnose, cure or prevent any ailments.
Search…×
Our ProductsLiquid Stevia
Stevia Flavour Drops
Tablets
Cocoa Sweet
Extract Powder
Spoonable Stevia
Whole Leaf Powder & Tea
Shop By FlavoursSpecialty & Combos
Coffee & Tea Favs
Fruit
Chocolate
Nut
AccountLog In
Account details
Orders
Cart
Shop
Bulk Stevia
Resellers
Policies
Contact
Which Product Is Best For Me?
Learn More About Stevia
Frequently Asked Questions
Comparisons
Our Products
Subscribe
Monthly stevia updates, special offers and coupon codes!
Success!
Name
Email
Yes - Keep Me In The Loop!
We never sell or share your information.