https://www.purityproducts.com/privacy-policy
Welcome to Purity Products®
CALL OUR 24HR ORDERLINE: 1-800-256-6102
Cart
0
Items
$0.00
My Account
Login
What are you looking for?
CALL OUR 24HR ORDERLINE:1-800-256-6102
Show
Hide
Menu
Best Sellers
Krill & Omega-3's
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Krill Omega 50+
Krill Omega 10X with CoQ10
Krill Omega 10X
Ultra-Pure Omega 3
Purity Pack (Multi + Fish Oil)
Perfect Multivitamins
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
Perfect Multi Super Greens
The Purity Super Pill
Perfect Multi
H.A. Formulas
H.A. Joint Formula
H.A. Joint and Skin
Ultimate H.A. Formula
Ultimate H.A. 7
OJC - Organic Juice Cleanse
Berry Greens Surprise
Cranberry Cleanse
Apple Surprise
Blueberry Detox
Chocolate Greens Surprise
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Women's Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Men's Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D with Calcium & Magnesium
Co-Q Formulas
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Krill Omega 10X with CoQ10
CoQ10 Daily with Resveratrol
CoQ10 Daily Super Boost
Co-Q-Omega
Chris Kilham - The Medicine Hunter
Green Tea CR - Phytosome
Clinical Curcumin Formula
Vital Maca
Specialty Formulas
EverStrong Blue
B-12 Energy Melt
AstaFX Plus
B-12 Energy Melts + Probiotics
Health Concerns
Joint Health
Flexuron
JointGel
Believa
H.A. Joint
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Ultimate H.A. Formula
H.A. Joint and Skin
Healthy Aging
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
OJC Greens - Berry Surprise
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Everstrong Blue
H.A. Joint
Triple Action Omega-3
Ubiquinol Daily CoQ10 QH + Resveratrol
Cardio Health
The Purity Super Pill
Krill Omega 50+
The Artery Pill
CoQ10 Daily with Resveratrol
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Perfect Multi Super Greens
Asta FX Super Formula
Brain Health
Chris Kilham's Triple Ginseng
Memory 500
PS Brain Health
Chris Kilham's Vital Brilliance
Ubiquinol Daily CoQ10 QH
Immune Support
AstaGummies
Zorbz - Liposomal Vitamin C
Fast Action Immune
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D
Once-Daily Essential Immunity
Perfect Multi
Women's Health
Women's Perfect Multi
Hair, Skin & Nails Super Formula
Hylastin
Age Defyance Serum
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Women's Formula
Nuvaprin HD
Men's Health
Men's Perfect Multi
Zestosterone Pro
Everstrong Blue
Ultimate Prostate Formula
Men's Prelox Multi
Prelox
Chris Kilham's Vital Maca
Energy Support
B-12 Energy Melt
Green Tea CR
EverStrong Blue
Chris Kilham's Triple Ginseng
OJC Berry Surprise
Sleep Health
NiteVites Extra Strength
Chris Kilham's Vital Rest
SlumberMelt Quick Dissolving Tablet
MagBlue
Skin Health
Hylastra Gold
Ultimate Collagen
H.A. Joint and Skin Super Formula
Hair, Skin & Nails Super Formula
Hylastin
Digestive Health
Triple Action Probiotic
V-Zymes Digestive Formula
OJC Blueberry Detox
Purity's Fiber with Probiotics
OJC Berry Surprise
OJC Super Reds
Weight Management
Spare Tire
MuffinStop Diet Formula
The Organic Protein Smoothie
Green Coffee Bean Super Formula
Garcinia Triple Action Formula
OJC Chocolate Surprise
OJC Apple Surprise
OJC Blueberry Detox
Fitness, Strength & Hydration
EverStrong Blue
Water Pure Filter System
Amazing Oranges Stick Packs
The Organic Protein Smoothie - French Vanilla
H.A. Joint Sport
B-12 Energy Melt
MuffinStop Diet Formula
Pet's Health
H.A. Canine Hyaluronic Acid Hip & Joint Formula
Dog Daily Complete Multivitamin
Cat Daily Complete Multivitamin
New At Purity
Zenergy
JointGel - Chocolate
Vital Immunity
Hylastra Gold
Sasquatch Pre Workout
AstaGummies
Hand Sanitizer
Muscle Accelerator
Women's Perfect Multi
EverStrong Blue
Zorbz - Liposomal Vitamin C
Prelox Men's Multi
MagBlue
See More
Our Company
PurityRewards™
About Purity Products
Purity Charity In Action
Meet the
Team
Quality Assurance
Purity Champions
Super Saver Perks
Careers
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Order Status
Blog
Radio/TV Offers
MagBlue
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
H.A. Joint Formula
Green Tea CR Phytosome
EverStrong Blue
Purity's Advanced D
Flexuron
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
JointGel
See More Offers
Purity Products Privacy Policy
PURITY PRODUCTS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice is incorporated into the Terms of Use. All terms defined in the Terms of Use shall have the same meaning when used herein unless otherwise noted.
Version: 2.0Effective Date: 7/21/20
PURITY PRODUCTS respects Your privacy. This Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”), describes what information We collect from or about You, how it is used, and what choices You may have regarding your information in connection with www.PURITYPRODUCTS.com or any other PURITY PRODUCTS’ related website, webpage, application, social media, or other Internet, mobile, or wireless offerings no matter how accessed (collectively “Website”) that provide a link to this Privacy Notice or PURITY PRODUCTS’ Terms of Use.  This Privacy Notice applies to any individual in the United States regardless of the individual’s state of residency, who visits the PURITY PRODUCTS Website or related content or receives PURITY PRODUCTS’ products or services.
California residents should click here to access PURITY PRODUCTS PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.
Please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.By using the Website, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound thereby. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
a. Types of Information:
PURITY PRODUCTS may collect Your personal information in connection with Your access to, use of, or Your submissions to the Website and any Products or Services offered by PURITY PRODUCTS’ in connection with the Website. For example, We may collect personal information about You, such as: your name, street address, email address, telephone number; Purity Products and/or Purity Rewards™ account and password information that you create; commercial transactions you may initiate with PURITY PRODUCTS, such as when You purchase Products and Services or initiate reoccurring purchases, such as through Our SuperSaver™ Perks program, or redeem your PurityPoints™ ;  information that You share as a result of Your public participation in the Website; Your Products and Services history and preferences; Your IP address and information about Your browsing, search history and navigation on, to and from the Website.
We may also obtain additional information about you that may or may not be directly linkable to you. Examples include, but are not limited to, aggregate information, analytics information using cookie IDs, advertising segment information, advertising IDs/cookie or device information.
b. Sources of Information:
PURITY PRODUCTS collects information about You from a variety of sources, including:
•  Directly from you, for example, when You create or access your PURITY PRODUCTS and/or Purity Rewards accounts; purchase  Products and Services, including through Our Supersaver Perks; communicate with Us by email, phone or SMS text, such as in connection Your purchases, The Website, and Products and Services experiences; when You redeem your PurityPoints; when You complete webforms; when You participate in surveys, reviews, sweepstakes or contests made available by PURITY PRODUCTS or its partners or affiliates; or when You submit content for publication on The Website, such as for blogs, social media pages, product review pages, community events, etc.
•  Indirectly from you, for example, by observing your actions on our Website, or through information we collect while providing Products or Services;
•  Directly and indirectly from your activity on the Website, for example, through Website portal or Website usage details that are collected automatically or through your inquiries or submissions on the Website;
•  From third parties, for example, from third parties that assist PURITY PRODUCTS to provide customer service or maintain The Website.
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
PURITY PRODUCTS may use personal information for a variety of PURITY PRODUCTS’ business purposes and to the extent and manner permitted by law:
•  To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, to respond to Your questions or communications regarding PURITY PRODUCTS, Our Products and Services, and Your PURITY PRODUCTS and PurityRewards accounts; to process Your payment and facilitate delivery of Products and Services, including order selection, processing, returns and/or renewals; to communicate with You regarding any changes to your account; and to otherwise process customer service functions;
•  To provide You with communications regarding any changes to PURITY PRODUCTS policies or account management procedures, notices, or terms of services; information on new products or services and product and service updates; promotions and special offers regarding PURITY PRODUCTS, Our Products and Services, The Website or programs, or Our partners’ or affiliates’ products, services or programs that may interest you;
•  To carry out Our obligations and enforce Our rights arising from any contracts entered into between You and Us, including for billing and collections;
•  To publish content on the Website, under some circumstances, such as when PURITY PRODUCTS publishes testimonial comments or enables public participation forum by Users on the Website;
•  To personalize Your Website experience and to deliver content and service offerings relevant to Your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, or via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
•  To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, services, databases and other technology assets, and business on behalf of PURITY PRODUCTS and its Users;
•  To investigate or prevent a violation of any individual’s contractual or other relationship with PURITY PRODUCTS or where PURITY PRODUCTS has a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of PURITY PRODUCTS, its Users or the public or to prevent or respond to any illegal, fraudulent or harmful activity;
•  For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website , Products and Services, and Your experience with the Website, Products and Services;
•  For marketing PURITY PRODUCTS’ Products and Services or Programs, including providing You, (via alerts, banner ads, postal mail, event registration, email and other notices) with information about offers, programs, products and services that PURITY PRODUCTS believes may be of interest to You;
•  At the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, or to establish, protect or exercise PURITY PRODUCTS’ legal or other rights, to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise allowed by law or regulation;
•  To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Users is among the assets transferred.
3. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
PURITY PRODUCTS may share information about You to third parties for PURITY PRODUCTS’ business purpose, such as with agents, contractors, service providers or affiliates of Ours, who help Us operate the Website, assist with PURITY PRODUCTS’ marketing, conduct business on Our behalf or help Us complete a service you requested, such as processing your credit card payment or delivery of Products that You ordered. When we share information for a business purpose, we do so only to the extent required for Our business purpose and only as permitted by relevant law. We may also share personal information with third parties if you have directed and authorized Ys to do so in connection with Products and Services PURITY PRODUCTS provides to You.
PURITY PRODUCTS may share personal information when required to do so by Federal or State enforcement officials, when state or federal law requires Us to do so (such as to comply with an inquiry from law enforcement officials), when ordered by a court or by other compulsory legal process or when We believe, in good faith, it is necessary for us to comply with its legal obligations or to investigate or prevent suspected illegal activities or fraud.
From time to time, PURITY PRODUCTS may share customer information – but not Your credit card information or email address – with third parties in order to provide You with information regarding offers, products or services that may be of interest to You. If you wish to opt out of this feature, please let Us know by contacting us:
By Telephone at: 855-944-3311        By Email at: privacy@purityproducts.com
4. COOKIES, IP ADDRESSES and OTHER TECHNOLOGY
a. Browser Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by Your browser on Your computer’s hard drive. By placing a “cookie”, the web servers operated by PURITY PRODUCTS and Our third-party service providers can remember and distinguish Your web browser over time. We use “cookies” for a variety of functions, such as authentication, other types of security, User logins, to enable collection of analytics information, to market Our Products to You, to optimize Our Website, and to personalize and customize Your experience with the Website. As one example, cookies enable Us to remember information You gave to Us so that you don’t have to reenter it each time You visit, such as in regard to Your account information, purchase history, and preferences. If you do not wish to permit “cookies” to be placed by Us, you should turn off or disable “cookies” on your browser or device. However, disabling cookies will also prevent the Website from being fully functional.
b. IP Addresses
PURITY PRODUCTS maintains internal logs for Internal Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer each time You access the Internet. Your IP address does not contain personally identifiable information. PURITY PRODUCTS or its third party service providers, may collect IP addresses in order to conduct system administration, report aggregate information, conduct site analysis, and to detect improper use of the site. We sometimes use IP addresses to identify the general location of Your computer based on publicly available and third-party information. We may use IP addresses to market to You through internet marketing, mail or call campaigns, or online targeted, interest-based advertising.
c. Other Technical Information We Collect
In addition to using browser cookies to remember Your browser, PURITY PRODUCTS also may use other technologies such as pixels, local shared objects (such as “Flash cookies”), and HTML5 local storage to collect information and remember your device. Some of the technical information We collect is the type of browser You use (such as Google Chrome or Internet Explorer or Safari), Your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, the name of Your ISP, the version of Your operating system, the dimensions and resolution of your display, your referrer URL (which is the URL for the website that you were viewing prior to visiting the Website), how You were directed to the Website, which specific pages You access on the Website, how long You view each page, the time and date you access our Website, and any other interaction You have with the Website or PURITY PRODUCTS. Most, if not all this information is collected by third party service providers who assist PURITY PRODUCTS in the operation and maintenance of its Website and to serve its Users.
d. Your Options
Most popular Internet browser applications will allow You to configure the browser so as not to accept cookies. However, setting Your browser to reject cookies may, in certain instances, prevent You from taking full advantage of the Website and its capabilities, or cause some features of the Website to function improperly, slowly or not at all.
As noted, the Website also uses various third-party services, such as and including Google Analytics. You can consult the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy for more information on how Google Analytics uses the data it collects. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of the Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the Website to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects on the Website, please review “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”. If You would like additional information regarding the security and privacy practices of Google Analytics, please review the materials provided by Google here.
e. E-MAILS
PURITY PRODUCTS uses e-mail forms to allow Users to ask questions about PURITY PRODUCTS, and Our Products, Services or Promotional Programs. We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to You after You have submitted an order. We may also send email promotions to You after you have submitted an order or filled out a form on the Website. You may opt-out of receiving future email promotions by clicking on the link provided in the email for that purpose.
While we make reasonable efforts to protect the personal information that You share with us, it is important to note that such e-mail messages are unsecured. Please consider the information you chose to include in any email You send. Should you choose to send your information via e-mail, You do so at your own risk. We recommend that if your communication is sensitive or contains personal information, you may want to send it another way.
If you choose to correspond to us via e-mail, we reserve the right (but not the obligation) to retain the content of your email messages as well as your e-mail address or other personal information, and our responses.
f. PERSONAL INFORMATION PROVIDED AS PART OF USER CONTENT
On occasion and under certain circumstances, PURITY PRODUCTS may, in its sole discretion, offer Users the opportunity to submit content to the Website, such as questions and endorsements regarding PURITY PRODUCTS or Products and Service, general discussions of health and wellbeing and communications with the PURITY PRODUCTS Website community. You should consider what information You chose to share in the content that You submit. If You include personal, health or sensitive information in the content that you provide to PURITY PRODUCTS for public postings to the Website, including any bulletin boards, forum posts, etc., such information may be made available to anyone using the Website. Your contact information (which may include, without limitation, a User Name and email address) may be included with any content that you post via the Website. PURITY PRODUCTS does not edit or otherwise remove such information from User content before it is posted on the Website. If You do not wish to have Your information made available in this manner, You must remove any such information from the content before posting. PURITY PRODUCTS is not liable for any damages caused or incurred due to information that You have made available in the foregoing manner.
g. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Website may contain links to non-PURITY PRODUCTS websites. Links to other websites are provided to You for information and convenience only and do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by PURITY PRODUCTS. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to, the privacy practices of those websites or of any companies that We do not own or control. We make no representations or warranties regarding the correctness, accuracy, performance, security, privacy or quality of any content, software, service, or application found at any Linked Site. We encourage You to seek out and read the privacy policy and terms of use of each website that you visit.
h. SECURITY
PURITY PRODUCTS takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect the security of your personal information. We store personal information, personal financial information and other sensitive information in a secure manner and transmit it via a secure internet channel. However, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and PURITY PRODUCTS cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on or transmitted from its systems will always be secure. PURITY PRODUCTS is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website by any Users or third parties.
Remember that You are the first and best defense against unauthorized access to Your information. Please do not share your PURITY PRODUCTS account number, User Name or Password with others and take the necessary steps to assess whether Your personal information is being transmitted to its intended recipient in a reasonably secure manner. For further information, please see our Security Policy.
i. Your Choices About Your Personal Information
a. Inquiries concerning the collection and deletion of Your personal information.
We understand that You may have certain questions about PURITY PRODUCTS’ access and use of information that We have collected. Under some circumstances, You may be able to opt-out of our continued collection or use of Your personal information, and/or seek access to or deletion of personal information that WE have collected about You in the past.
There are circumstances when PURITY PRODUCTS will not be able to comply with such requests. For example, We may deny a request if We determine, in good faith, that We should not comply because: to do so would violate or conflict with PURITY PRODUCTS’ legal obligations, including, but not limited to, legal obligations as to the preservation and non-disclosure of financial, medical or personal health information; the information is the privileged, proprietary or confidential information of PURITY PRODUCTS or someone other than the person making the request; the identity or authority of the person making the request cannot be confirmed; compliance with the request would compromise the privacy or legal rights of others; the burden or expense of responding would be disproportionate to the requesting individual’s privacy risk; the information is commercially necessary for Us to complete transactions or provide products or services that the User requested; or to do so would impede PURITY PRODUCTS’ detection, correction or prevention of any security incident, intentional or non-intentional interference with the Website, products or services.
Additionally, under some circumstances, even if You opt-out, non-personal information regarding your activities on the Website, and/or information from third-party websites for non-interest-based advertising purposes may be collected and used to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
If You have any questions or concerns about PURITY PRODUCTS’ collection or use of Your personal information, wish to opt-out of further collection of Your personal information or request deletion of personal information presently in Our possession, please contact Us using one of the methods set forth below. Upon receiving Your request, We will endeavor to respond to request in a commercially reasonable time.
Please contact us:
By Telephone at: 855-944-3311        By Email at: privacy@purityproducts.com
b. Opt-out of specific phone, email, text, or marketing offers.
In accordance with Your prior experience with PURITY PRODUCTS, including in some cases, the permission You have given Us, PURITY PRODUCTS may use a variety of means, such as phone, email, or text, to communicate with You regarding PURITY PRODUCTS’ marketing offers and/or the marketing offers of Our partners or others that may be of interest to You.
If You do not wish to receive phone, mail, SMS text. or email marketing offers, You may request that we remove your name from our internal email, direct mail, or internal telemarketing lists.
Please submit your opt-out request to us:
By Telephone at: 855-944-3311        By Email at: privacy@purityproducts.com
If you no longer would like to receive via email special offer information or other promotional messages from us, you may click the link at the bottom of any email you receive from us and follow the instructions. Your email address will be removed from our marketing list. However, PURITY PRODUCTS may continue to communicate with you concerning your PURITY PRODUCTS’ membership, PurityRewards, Products and Services, billing, renewal and other matters.
Please allow us a commercially reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
j. CHILDREN
The Website is intended for a general audience and is not intended for use or view by children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products or services to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not use the Website.
k. GOVERNING LAW
Except where otherwise noted, this Privacy Notice and use of PURITY PRODUCTS’ Website, or Products or Services. shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, United States of America. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the other provisions and shall not affect the validity of the other provisions.
l. HOW WE RESPOND TO “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS
PURITY PRODUCTS is required by California and Delaware law to tell Users whether it honors “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising. PURITY PRODUCTS does not respond to ”Do Not Track” signals in your browser, as PURITY PRODUCTS has no way to determine whether its partners, affiliates, third party service provides or others can or will honor a Do Not Track signal in your browser while they track your browsing activities in order to serve you content that is tailored to your interests.
m. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, PURITY PRODUCTS’ Privacy Notice For California Residents supplements the terms of this Privacy Notice and can be accessed clicking here.
n. VISITING THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
If You are visiting the Website from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States. The data protection, privacy and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using any portion of the Website, You understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and to those third parties with whom We share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
o. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update or change this Privacy Notice at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Notice and its effective date is reflected by the version and date located at the top of this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to consult this Privacy Notice periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued use of The Website, including the purchase of any Products or Services through the Website after the Privacy Notice is updated will constitute Your consent and agreement to be bound by the updated terms.
p. QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
If You have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, the practices of this Website, or your interaction with this Website, please contact us:
By Telephone at: 855-944-3311        By Email at: privacy@purityproducts.com
At Purity Products®, We Help You Make Healthy Choices Through Intelligent Nutritional Solutions.
Learn More Shop Now
Follow Us
Contact Us
Order Line (24 Hr): 1-800-256-6102
Customer Care: 1-888-769-7873
Customer Care Hours:
Mon-Thur 9am-8pm ET
Fri 9am-7pm ET
Sat 9am-5pm ET
200 Terminal Drive, Plainview, NY 11803
© 2020 Purity Products
Customer Service
PurityRewards™
Company
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
View Cart
My Account
Order Status
Affiliate Program
Newsletter and Offers
Sign up with your email address
signup-hidden-field-1
signup-hidden-field-2 signup-hidden-field-3
Terms of Use
Copyright and Intellectual Property Notice
Security Notice
Accessibility Statement
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for California Residents
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.