http://www.armynavystores.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
4.5 STAR RATING ON GOOGLE
FREE NEXT DAY DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £75
SAME DAY DISPATCH ON ORDERS BEFORE 2PM
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy 1.Army & Navy Stores UK is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what personal information we collect and how we may use it.2.When you order, we need to know your name, address, email address and card details. This allows us to process and fulfil your order. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process.3.We use your personal information to update you about new products/services. If we contact you via email newsletter you will always have the option to instantly unsubscribe.4.We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons, beyond the essential requirement for credit/debit card validation during purchase.5.We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provide it. In order to maintain the accuracy of our database, you can check, update or remove your personal details by contacting us at Army & Navy Stores UK, 297 London Road, Westcliff on Sea, Essex, SS0 7BX.We may use a technology called "cookies" as part of a normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. A cookie is an element of data that our Website sends to your browser which is then stored on your system. You can set your browser to prevent this happening. Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings.6.If you have any questions about privacy please contact us at Army & Navy Stores UK, 297 London Road, Westcliff on Sea, Essex, SS0 7BX.
x
Join
To see how we process your data view our Privacy Policy By signing up to our newsletter you agree to Army & Navy Stores UK using your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time
Top