https://www.mccormickprivacy.com/en/mccormick
McCormick Privacy Notice Effective Date: 11/20/2020
01 Introduction 02 Information We Collect 03 Why We Collect Personal Information
04 Cookies and Similar Technologies 05 Retaining Your Information 06 Information Sharing 07 Your Rights and Choices 08 California Privacy Information 09 Links to Third-Party Websites 10 Where We Store Information 11 Security 12 Children's Privacy 13 Changes to Our Privacy Notice 14 How to Contact Us McCormick Privacy Notice Effective Date: 11/20/2020
Introduction
This privacy notice describes how McCormick & Company, Incorporated processes certain personal information that we collect and the choices and rights you may have regarding that information. This privacy notice applies to the information we collect from business partners and other third parties as well as the information we collect when you:
Use our websites, including mobile websites
Attend events we host or participate in
Register for a contest or other promotion with us
Use our applications for mobile phones, tablets or other smart devices
Communicate with us via phone, email, or other channels
Visit our social media pages
Interact with our online advertisements or emails
This privacy notice is meant to help you understand:
The types of personal information we collect
Why we collect and use your personal information
When, why and with whom we will share personal information
The rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal information
We hope you will take the time to read this privacy notice carefully. If you have any questions, please refer to the How to Contact Us section below.
Information We Collect This section describes the categories of personal information we collect and the sources of such information.
Information You Provide
Identifiers, such as your name, username, email address, social media handle, or telephone number you provide when registering for an account or contest, shopping online with us, or contacting us;
Demographics, such as your age or gender;
Transactional Information, such as the products and recipes you seem to be interested in, your purchase history, the searches you conduct on our digital services, and your reviews;
Location Information, when you provide your location, for example to find nearby retailers who carry our products; and
Information Included in Your Interactions with Us, such as your feedback, concerns, survey responses, and comments.
Information We Automatically Collect
Transactional Information, such as dates and times of the interactions you have with us;
Identifiers, such as your IP address, device ID, mobile advertising identifiers, username, cookie identifiers, and other similar identifiers;
Audio information, such as recordings of your calls when you call our consumer affairs telephone line;
Location Information, where our digital services collect location information, whether due to the activation of location-based services on your device or as inferred by us based on your IP address or network connection; and
Information About Web and Application Activities, such as recipes and product pages viewed, content downloaded or viewed, interactions with our emails or other electronic communications, search terms, and requests.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We collect information from other sources, such as web hosting providers, data and analytics providers, social media platforms, marketing companies, companies that provide information and insights about consumer interests and activities, the retailers with which we do business, joint marketing partners, and advertising services. We collect the following categories of information from these sources:
Identifiers, such as your name, contact information, social media handle, cookie identifiers, and information about the devices you use to access our digital services;
Demographics, such as your age and gender;
Inferences Regarding Preferences or Other Characteristics, such as cooking preferences, hobbies, and travel interests.
We may combine any of the information we collect.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information to maintain and operate our business, including our digital services that we make available to you. This includes the following purposes:
Creating and maintaining your account with us. Some of our digital services require or permit you to create an account. We collect personal information from you to create and maintain your account.
Communicating with you. We collect and use personal information to communicate with you, for example:
If you sign up for our email newsletters or ask to receive notifications from us (e.g. email, SMS text messages, or push notifications), we will collect your email address, mobile number, or other contact information to communicate with you. You can opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. For example, you can opt out of receiving our email newsletters by using the unsubscribe link contained within the emails or you can opt out of receiving push notifications on your mobile device by managing the application permissions. You may continue to receive transactional or other non-marketing communications.
If you contact us directly or publish a comment on social media or other platforms about us, our products, or issues we are interested in, we may respond.
We may contact you regarding your account, transactions, shipping, other interactions or relationships, or to invite you to participate in an event, survey, or other program. Communications may include SMS text messages or push notifications sent to your mobile device.
We may also communicate with you about our products and services including via advertising tailored to your interests either on this site or other digital platforms, including third-party platforms.
Processing your orders. If this website or mobile application provides the opportunity to purchase products directly from us, we collect your shipping information and other information about your transaction so that we can fulfill your order. We engage third-party payment processors to collect any payment information you may provide. We do not collect or receive any payment information directly. Instead, we will direct you to our payment processor and you will receive an order confirmation once the payment has been processed successfully by our payment processor.
Posting your content. Some of our digital services may allow you to post ratings, reviews, and/or other content (e.g. photos or videos). We collect the information and content you provide to publish your content and to promote our products and services.
Managing and improving our business. We collect personal information, such as your feedback and survey responses, to improve our products and digital services. We analyze information about our interactions with you and other consumers to learn about how we can better engage with and serve you.
Conducting market research and consumer testing. We want to provide you with the best flavor experiences, products and services that we can. To achieve that goal, we collect personal information to learn about consumer trends. We may offer separate privacy notices for specific market research and survey activities.
Personalizing your experiences with us. For example, if you tend to purchase a certain product, we may personalize our digital services so recipes using that product are prominently displayed.
Conducting and administering contests and competitions. From time to time, we may offer contests and competitions that include an opportunity to win a prize. We may offer separate privacy notices for specific contests or competitions.
Complying with legal obligations and protecting our rights, your rights, and the rights of others. For example, if you create an account with us, we may use the information you provide to help prevent and detect fraudulent activity.
Cookies and Similar Technologies We and third parties use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags, beacons, and pixels (“Cookies”), to personalize and improve your experience as you use our digital services, learn how you and others interact with the digital services or our emails, provide you with relevant online advertising based on your inferred interests, and maintain our digital services. We may also work with third parties that use Cookies to collect information about your online activities on websites and mobile applications operated by our affiliates and other companies. These third parties help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and help us display advertising based on information about your interactions with our and other digital services. For example, if we determine that you may be interested in a certain product or recipe, we may use Cookies to deliver ads related to that product or recipe on our digital services or on third-party services. Please see our Cookies Policy
for more information about our use of these technologies and the choices you may have.
Retaining Your Information We will retain your information while we have a relationship with you, as necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it is processed, and for a period after our relationship with you has ended. When deciding how long to keep your personal information after our relationship with you has ended, we take into account how long we need to retain the information to fulfill the purposes described above and to detect security incidents, prevent fraud, debug our systems, comply with our legal and record keeping obligations, including for tax purposes, and for demonstrating compliance with applicable laws. We may also retain personal information to investigate or defend against potential legal claims in accordance with the limitation periods of countries where legal action may be brought, and for internal uses, as allowed by law.
Information Sharing This section explains how and why we share personal information with third parties. California residents should read the California Privacy Information section below for additional information.
We share information:
With affiliates, subsidiaries, and service providers who we work with closely, or who work on our behalf, and have agreed to use the information solely in furtherance of our operations. This includes, but is not limited to, service providers who help us manage orders, process payments, conduct statistical analyses, deliver communications or mailings, store information, ship orders, operate our digital services, or help us manage events or contests;
With business partners, such as ad networks that may deliver marketing communications, promotional materials, or advertisements that may be of interest to you;
With third parties when you engage in or interact with co-branded or co-sponsored content or activities;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to comply with government reporting obligations;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to achieve our interests in (a) protecting our rights, the integrity of our digital services, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) detecting, preventing, or responding to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of our digital services;
With third parties to the extent reasonably necessary to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
Additionally, we may share information with third parties that does not identify you (and cannot be combined with other information accessible to us to identify you) for any purpose.
Your Rights and Choices You may have certain rights regarding your personal information, subject to local law. These may include:
The right to access what information we have collected about you in a user-friendly format;
The right to request the deletion of information we have collected; and
The right to correct or update your information.
Depending on your particular state of residence, there may be additional rights afforded under your local laws.
We use reasonable efforts to process your requests or to notify you when your request is denied based on applicable laws, regulations, and other limitations. Should you wish to exercise these rights or to learn more about what rights you may have, please contact us using one of the methods described in the How to Contact Us section below.
California Privacy Information
As described in the Information Sharing section above, we share personal information with our affiliates, subsidiaries and service providers (such as service providers who help us manage orders, process payments, conduct statistical analyses, deliver communications or mailings, store information, ship orders, operate our digital services, or help us manage events or contests) for our business purposes of maintaining and operating our digital services, fulfilling orders, and conducting our business operations. We disclose the following categories of information to such parties:
Identifiers
Demographics
Location Information
Information Included in Your Interactions with Us
Transactional Information
Information About Web and Application Activities
Inferences Regarding Preferences or Other Characteristics
We also disclose certain personal information in exchange for services, insights, or other valuable consideration. The recipients include business partners (such as ad partners, sponsors, joint marketing partners, advertisers, social media companies, and analytics providers). California law treats such disclosures as “sales” even if no money is exchanged. We may sell the following categories of personal information to such parties:
Identifiers
Demographics
Location Information
Information Included in Your Interactions with Us
Transactional Information
Information About Web and Application Activities
Inferences Regarding Preferences or Other Characteristics
California law provides certain rights to California residents, including the:
Right to Know about the personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell;
Right to Delete the personal information we collect, though we may be permitted to retain personal information for certain purposes;
Right to Opt-Out of Sales of your personal information to third parties (you may exercise that right here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information); and
Right to Not Be Discriminated Against should you choose to exercise any of your rights, though we may provide a different level of service or charge a different rate if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your information.
If you are a resident of California and would like to exercise these rights, please contact us using the methods set forth in the How to Contact Us section below.
Links to Third-Party Websites We may link to third-party websites and services that we do not operate and are outside of our control. We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services. Please exercise caution and review the privacy statements applicable to the third-party websites and services you use.
Where We Store Information The personal information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of your home country. It may also be processed by or transferred to companies operating outside of your home country. Although the countries in which personal information is processed may not provide the same level of protection as your home country, we put in place safeguards to protect your personal information.
Security We have implemented commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect the information that we collect or receive. From time to time, we review and consider updates for our security procedures. Please be aware that, despite our ongoing efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete that information in accordance with applicable laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice We may modify this privacy notice from time to time. We will notify you of changes by posting changes here, or by other appropriate means. Any changes to the privacy notice will become effective when the updated privacy notice is posted on the website.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions concerning our privacy practices or if you wish to exercise your rights described here please contact:
Email:
privacy@mccormick.com
Online Submission:
Click here.
Copyright © 2018 McCormick & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.