https://www.micromark.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Micro-Mark Privacy PolicyProtecting your privacy is very important to us and we take this responsibility very seriously. Personal information, such as name, address, telephone number and email address, is collected by Micro-Mark for the normal processing of your order. Credit card account information is used for the sole purpose of processing your current order and is never distributed to persons outside of the processing service. "Cookies" are used to track internet session information so that we can distinguish your shopping cart from others in our on-line order processing system. Email addresses from our "Tell-a-Friend" service are not collected, stored, or used for any purpose other than for your own personal use. Occasionally we share your name and address (but not your email address) with publishers of other mail-order type catalogs. If you prefer that your name and address are not shared with other publishers, please advise our Customer Service department of your wishes at info@micromark.com.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through info@micromark.com. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.Micro-Mark may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the Website through the use of trusted third party partners. These partners may also combine your email information with other information they have access to such as mailing address so that Micro-Mark may serve relevant marketing offers to you via email and direct mail. If you do not want Micro-Mark to collect information about you, please contact us to opt out.