https://www.herbalfire.com/privacy
Herbal Fire Botanicals
My Cart 0 items: $0.00
My Account
Checkout
Log In
Search:
Search
Advanced Search
Home
/
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:The mailing address and phone number you provide for order processing, will only be used to ship your order. The email address will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an orderWe offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Contacting Us
You can contact us using our form at Contact Us page.
Customer Service
Customer Service:Send Online MessageOur Email Address:support@herbalfire.comTrace Your Order:Click Here
Most Popular
White Lotus :: Nymphaea alba
Sencha Premium :: Japanese Green Tea
Palo Santo, Holy wood :: Bulnesia sarmienti
Maca Roots :: Lepidium Meyenii
Ginkgo :: Ginkgo biloba
Eucalyptus
Coriander Seed :: Coriandrum sativum
Chamomile :: Matricaria chamomilla
Bee Pollen
Company Information
About Us
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Affiliate Program
Customer Service
Shipping & Delivery
Security & Privacy
Payment
Returns & Replacements
Money Back Guarantee
Contact Us
Great Link
Ethnobotany at Wikipedia
Discalaimer: The products and statements on our site have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Site Map
Affiliates
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
© 2016 Herbal Fire Botanicals