https://www.zalmar.com/privacy_policy.htm
Sign in
|
Order Status
|
Help Desk
0 items, $0.00
Home & Office
Cellular
Communications
Corded Phones
Cordless Phones
Dictation
Fax & MFP
For Special Needs
Headsets
Intercoms
Intercoms Systems
Observation and Security
Accessories
For Specail Needs
Communication Accessories
Observation and Security Systems
Clocks
Furniture
Communications Accessories
Transcription
Photography
Accessories
Binoculars
Digital Frames
Digital Memory
Lenses
Photo Printers
Tripods
Video Cameras
Audio
A/V Accessories
Accessories
Amplifier
DJ & PA Equipment
DJ Equipment
For sepcial Needs
For Special Needs
Furniture
Headphones
Home Audio
MP3 Recorder/Player
Personal Audio
Receivers
Speakers
Turntables
Dictation
home & office Audio
Microphones
A/V Receivers
Video
A/V Accessories
Accessories
Digital Memory
DVD Player
DVD Players
Furniture
Projectors
Receivers
Televisions
Video Conferencing
TV
GPS, Car & Marine
Car Accessories
Car Alarms
Car Audio
Car Video
GPS
Marine Electronics
Radar Detectors
Computers
Accessories
Network Components
Notebooks
Software
Headsets
Miscellaneous
Battery Chargers
Furniture & Decor
Keyboards
Kitchen
Office Machines
Others
Personal Care
Sports & Fitness
Vacuum Cleaners
Warranties
Zalmar Gift Cards
Privacy
Policy
Privacy Policy
We, Zalmar, are the owners of the site and data collected at www.Zalmar.com.  Our privacy policies are strict and are adhered to at all times. You can be confident that any and all information submitted to our site remains confidential. By informing you of our policy we are promoting trust and confidence, for all those who submit information, whether purchasing or requesting specific information and for membership sign up.
Personal Information:
Information we collect is your name, the billing and shipping address, phone number, email address, referral e-mail addresses, and credit card information. The data is stored (only if you request so by signing in when completing order) in a secured database and can only be accessed through the Webmaster with personal coded information. Should you want the information to be removed you can email us at webmaster@Zalmar.com at any time and let us know what you would like us to do. All requests are completed in an expedited manner, and confirmation is sent to your email as soon as we fulfill your request. If you want to edit or delete any information yourself you can do so by logging in to the system.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order or any other request only to complete that request at your satisfaction. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request. We do the same to the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at zeldy@Zalmar.com.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such Addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place, physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Security:
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information such as credit card number and on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at webmaster@zalmar.com
Cookies:
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies and session ID cookies on this site only to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
We set a session ID cookie to keep track on the items in your shopping cart. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but if you buy more than one item, only the last item will be in the shopping cart. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but you will need to sign-in again each time you get to our site.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. For more information on Cookies Click Here
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or control over these cookies. GoDaddy set their own cookie to verify and track the security of our website and the information you submit.
Agents:
Shipping Information
We use Agents such as UPS, FedEx or USPS and trucking companies when needed. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes then delivering the package to you.
Credit Card Information
We use Processing Companies such as the Credit Card Processing Software and bank to complete the order transactions and bill you for the goods. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes
Service Providers
We use a third party provider SWD Host to handle our website hosting and shopping cart system For security reasons they put the shopping cart on a special server. You will be forwarded to their Domain to complete the order process. However SWD Host does not get the information submitted on the server. All information is password protected and is deleted from the server when we download the information. If you don't wish your order to be handled that way you can call in to place your order by phone at 1-877-275-5522.
Law:
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Change in Ownership:
If Zalmar.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Service-related Announcements:
We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so.  For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.  Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.  If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Links to Other Sites:
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Zalmar.com. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Questions:
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Zeldy at zeldy@zalmar.com.
Should you want your information to be removed you can email us at webmaster@Zalmar.com at any time and let us know what you would like us to do. All requests are completed in an expedited manner, and confirmation is sent to your email as soon as we fulfill your request. If you want to edit or delete any information yourself you can do so by logging in to the system or by mailing signed and written request for access to:
Zalmar.com
63 Flushing Ave. unit 325
Brooklyn, NY 11205
We require a signed and written request to better safeguard your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
In conclusion shopping at Zalmar.com is the safest place to shop ever!
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the changes taking effect.
Last Updated on 10/17/2011
Contact
Form
Customer Services
Company
Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Affiliates
Security
Government &
Corporate
Help Center
Order
Status
Questions/Suggestions
Return Authorization
Product Support
Contact Us
Account Services
Login/Register
My
Account
Order
History
© Copyright 1997-2020 Zalmar.com - All
right reserved.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
We are not responsible for any
typographical errors.
Zalmar.com sells Electronics, Phones, Cameras, Digital Cameras, Cellular Accessories, Computers, Audio, Video, Car Electronics, etc.