https://www.cuepower.co.uk/information/conditions-of-use/
£0.00
Main Menu×Snooker and Pool CuesOne Piece Snooker CuesCentre Jointed Snooker Cues3/4 Jointed Snooker Cues8 Ball Pool CuesShort Cues from 36 to 54 inchAmerican Pool CuesJump & Break CuesEnglish Pool Break CuesPeradon CueWizard – Design your own Cue!Cue Cases3/4 Jointed Cue CasesCentre Jointed Cue CasesOne Piece Cue CasesAmerican Pool Cue CasesAccessoriesChalk And Chalk HoldersCue ExtensionsCue RacksPlayer AccessoriesPractice EquipmentRestsScoreboardsSnooker And Pool BallsTable MaintenanceTable Parts and SparesTips & Re-TippingPool TablesAmerican Pool TablesPool Table LightingTraditional Pool TablesSnooker TablesClassic Snooker TablesSnooker Table LightingTable ClothAmerican Pool Table ClothSnooker Table ClothTraditional Pool Table ClothSpecial Offers8 Ball Pool OffersAmerican Pool OffersSnooker Cue OffersOther GamesAir HockeyDartsTable FootballTable Tennis Equipment
× Login Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Not a member? Sign up!Search for products... Search for:
Wish List (0)
Login / Register Navigation
Snooker and Pool Cues One Piece Snooker Cues Centre Jointed Snooker Cues 3/4 Jointed Snooker Cues 8 Ball Pool Cues Short Cues from 36 to 54 inch American Pool Cues Jump & Break Cues English Pool Break Cues Peradon CueWizard – Design your own Cue! Cue Cases 3/4 Jointed Cue Cases Centre Jointed Cue Cases One Piece Cue Cases American Pool Cue Cases Accessories Chalk And Chalk Holders Cue Extensions Cue Racks Player Accessories Practice Equipment Rests Scoreboards Snooker And Pool Balls Table Maintenance Table Parts and Spares Tips & Re-Tipping Pool Tables American Pool Tables Pool Table Lighting Traditional Pool Tables Snooker Tables Classic Snooker Tables Snooker Table Lighting Table Cloth American Pool Table Cloth Snooker Table Cloth Traditional Pool Table Cloth Special Offers 8 Ball Pool Offers American Pool Offers Snooker Cue Offers Other Games Air Hockey Darts Table Football Table Tennis EquipmentConditions of UseCUEPOWER.CO.UK TERMS & CONDITIONS Welcome to cuepower.co.uk, the online cuesport and home leisure web-site operated by Sportpower Ltd on the website www.cuepower.co.uk (“Website”).Cuepower.co.uk is the trading name of Sportpower Ltd which is a company registered in England and Wales. Company No. 05486316. Vat Registration No. 931 3608 40 The Website is owned and operated by Sportpower Ltd, whose address is Cuepower.co.uk, Unit 3, Coach Close, Shireoaks Triangle Business Estate, Worksop. Nottinghamshire. S81 8AP. England. The following terms and conditions (“Ts and Cs”) specifically apply to cuepower.co.uk and its services, and must be read and accepted irrespective of the terms and conditions applicable to the sale of other products at the Website. Please read these Ts and Cs carefully as they set out the terms under which you may use our services. We also recommend that you read the Privacy Policy and Help section, also available on the Website, and welcome you to contact Customer Services on 033312 147 147 during normal office hours if you have any questions.CUEPOWER CONTACT DETAILS You can call us on 033312 147 147, (Local Rate) or from abroad 0044 1909 489827 alternatively contact us using one of the methods below:CUSTOMER SEVICES Please contact us at sales@cuepower.co.uk for general enquiries about your current order status, delivery information or help with ordering.SALES & ADVICE For enquiries about our products and pricing please email us at sales@cuepower.co.uk. We will always be happy to give advice whenever we can!POSTAL ADDRESS Cuepower.co.uk Unit 3, Coach Close Shireoaks Triangle Business Estate Worksop Nottinghamshire S81 8AP England.ABOUT US Cuepower.co.uk is run and owned by Sportpower Ltd. We are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please contact us via any of the methods above.MAKING A PURCHASE Making a purchase is very easy. Just browse our product range, and click add to cart for any items that you wish to buy and put them into your shopping basket. After you have finished your selection, click on Checkout and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to satisfy the order. If you have any problems whilst ordering please contact us by telephone where we can take the order manually. We accept payment using PayPal, credit/debit card payments with VISA, MASTERCARD, SOLO, DELTA and SWITCH/MAESTRO. Alternatively you can send a cheque in the post made payable to Sportpower Ltd to the above address.SHIPPING AND HANDLING Shipping costs and times vary from product to product. You are given the total shipping cost on the checkout before the payment stage. Small or standard items are usually dispatched on a next day service but can take longer if we need to arrange shipping them from a supplier, in which case please allow 7 to 10 days before the item is shipped. From experience we have learnt that to deliver larger items to customers and to offer the best service possible is not necessarily to offer quickest delivery service. Most couriers are not equipped to handle large or heavy items as they either only use one man to deliver or have no moving equipment, and therefore the goods are at risk of being damaged, which let’s face it is an inconvenience for everyone! We have found that to deliver larger items we are better off using either two man delivery companies or to palletise items. These specialised logistics companies do not have such a large coverage compared to some of the national couriers and hence take a bit longer to deliver. They will however contact you prior to delivery, to give you your confirmed delivery day. Shipping is made as soon as possible as we know you want your goods as soon as possible!DELIVERY SCHEDULE We process your order as soon as possible. For smaller or standard items we will normally dispatch your order to you in 1-2 business days if we carry the item in stock, otherwise it can take up to 14 days before being shipped if the item is sent direct from our supplier plus up to a further 14 days for delivery. For very large items or items made to order it can take a bit longer and we would ask that up to 28 days is allowed due to the sometimes varying manufacturing lead times and specialist delivery companies schedules plus up to a further 14 days for actual delivery. We are not liable for late deliveries, and cannot offer any compensation where time has been taken off work to take deliveries.ACCEPTANCE OF YOUR ORDER Please note that completion of the online checkout process does not constitute our acceptance of your offer to purchase products or services from us. Our acceptance of your order will take place only when we despatch the product(s) or commencement of the services that you ordered from us. Prior to despatch of the product(s), Sportpower Limited has the right to decline an order for any reason, including legal and regulatory reasons.We will notify you by email as soon as possible to acknowledge that we have received and are processing your order. The duration of our contract with you will start from when you order and we take payment and dispatch the products, until the last day of your right to cancelBACK ORDERS If your item is not in stock, we can back order it for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait. For larger items or where a signature is required we will contact you to advise you of an approximate delivery date.CREDIT CARD SECURITY Shopping online has never been safer. All credit card numbers are encrypted in our bank approved software when the order is placed using more than 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.GUARANTEEOur products come with various guarantees and warranties. Please refer to the products information for further details, or where not mentioned contact us for details.REACHING US If you need to reach us, please email us at sales@cuepower.co.uk, alternatively, you can phone us on 033312 147 147 or write to us at Cuepower.co.uk, Unit 3, Coach Close, Shireoaks Triangle Business, Estate, Worksop. Nottinghamshire. S81 8AP. England. PRIVACY POLICY Sportpower Ltd are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations 2018). We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your order and secondly to provide you with the best service possible. We will not email you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.The type of information we will collect about you when you place an order or register on our web site includes:NameAddressPhone NumberEmail AddressCredit/Debit card detailsIP AddressThis information is already stored on our internal systems and our website simply verifies you as a customer of Sportpower Ltd. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by visiting your account or emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies, we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information that we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. We will not transfer or sell your information. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at customerservices@cuepower.co.uk.Use of personal informationWe use the information you provide for the following purposes:To send updates regarding the status of your enquiry or orderTo send newsletters and details of offers and promotions in which we believe you will be interestedTo improve the design and content of the cuepower.co.uk websiteTo understand the buying behaviour of our registered usersTo perform other general marketing and promotional activities focused on our products and servicesWhen you place an order we need to know your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and the card’s expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you of the status of your request. We may also ask for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order.Your Consent By submitting information to Sportpower you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sportpower and it’s Service Provider (if any). If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.Your Email AddressYour e-mail address will be used to communicate with you about your order and products purchased.Your e-mail address will be used for our marketing purposes unless you unsubscribe. It is possible to unsubscribe at any time, via the My Account section of Cuepower.co.uk https://www.cuepower.co.uk/my-account/edit-account/ If you do not wish to receive information about our products or services you can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link, which exists at the top of all marketing emails sent by Cuepower, or by managing your subscription status in your account pages on the Cuepower website.Data Security We have designed our site to protect the information we collect online from unauthorised access. We safeguard your private information by implementing the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedure necessary to protect your privacy. To further protect your security, we also take the reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal profile or making data changes. We are committed to protecting your privacy and have security measures in place to prevent unauthorised access to and disclosure of your personal information.Improving Our Service Sportpower Ltd does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. To better tailor our services to our customers’ needs, we use non-identifying and aggregate information to help us make decisions on how to improve Sportpower. We also share this generic information with our advertisers and other interested, reputable parties with whom we have established a formal business relationship. For example, we may tell advertisers which areas of the site have received the most customer traffic overall, or more specifically, how many customer types have visited certain pages. However, we do not disclose the identifying information of individual customers with advertisers. We also do not use or share the personally identifiable information submitted to us by any other means without providing our customers the choice to opt-out or otherwise bar such unrelated uses.CookiesCookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s (or alternative web browsing device’s) hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide rich shopping features such as recommend products, as well as the storage of items in your Shopping Basket between visits. The Help menu in most common browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Sportpower’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Cuepower.co.uk features that require you to Sign in. If you do leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.Analytic ToolsGoogle Analytics is a system used by many websites to record information about visits to their website. Google set six different cookies with expiry dates ranging from 30 minutes to 2 years. These cookies are used mainly to differentiate between first time visitors to a website and repeat visitors. They also allow us to ensure our website performs as well as possible for our users. The cookies are able to collect an anonymous customer number when a user is logged into the website, allowing our backend systems to ensure accuracy of Google Analytics data and help us ensure your website experience remains relevant across devices. They do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can find out more about how Google use cookies at https://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ (English only). These cookies may be used to help us target advertising on platform providers such as Google and Facebook.Sportpower Ltd may from time to time share your details with third party analytical resources for the purposes of better understanding customer behaviour and performance, website performance, improved ad relevance and any other analytical process to give Sportpower a better understanding of how to develop its offering to its customers. These third parties will be employed solely for the purpose of the aforementioned analytical purposes, and as such Sportpower will ensure that the third party is contractually obliged to use the data only for the analytical purposes set out in the agreement between Sportpower and the third party, and Sportpower will also ensure that the third party is contractually required to maintain a level of security around the shared data, at least as safe as Sportpower itself employs. Failure on the part of the third party to meet its contractual obligations will result in Sportpower recovering the data, and taking all reasonable actions to ensure the third party no longer has access to the shared data. Any third party cookies used on Sportpower will adhere to the same standards as first party cookies and not collect any personally identifiable information.Social Media Plug-insSocial Media Plug-ins for Facebook and Twitter obtain data for tracking purposes. This included the ability to track an audience across device for advertising purposes in line with the Terms of each social media platform.International Privacy The above privacy statement may not be applicable in all countries of Sportpower visitors or registered community users, as security policies may vary according to the individual Internet laws in each host country.DisclosuresWe will not pass your information to any third parties. You can also email us to stop receiving any information about us and our services by clicking here. If you have any queries about our Privacy Statement you should contact us by e-mail: customerservices@cuepower.co.uk.  RETURNS POLICY RETURNING UNDAMAGED GOODS: Contact Cuepower.co.uk before returning goods. We will advise the best way to return the items to us. For smaller more manageable items, it is usually most efficient to send items by recorded post. You will be responsible for the return costs and its safe arrival to us. We accept no responsibility for loss or damage so please ensure it is sent by recorded delivery and appropriately insured. For larger items (for example pool tables) we will arrange for our courier to collect at the same cost of the original delivery to you. Customers are responsible for the goods until collected. It is the customer’s responsibility to make goods readily available for collection.In the event that Cuepower.co.uk at its discretion (unless the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 apply), agrees to accept the return for credit of unwanted products, the goods must be returned with Cuepower.co.uk’s prior written agreement within 14 days of delivery. The goods must be unopened and in perfect re-saleable condition. If any items are missing in the original sale we will deduct the costs from the refund due. All goods returned in these circumstances (except where the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 apply) will be subject to a 30% re-stocking fee of Cuepower.co.uk’s sale price for the goods.Please allow 4 weeks for domestic (UK) returns to be processed, or 4 to 6 weeks for international returns.The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000Contracts for the purchase of goods by a Customer not acting in the course of a business and made over the telephone or through the Cuepower.co.uk website, or by mail order, are, with the exception of certain excepted contracts, subject to The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 (‘the Regulations’).If the Regulations apply, Customers may cancel goods purchased from Cuepower.co.uk by sending a written notice of cancellation by post or hand delivery addressed to Customer Services at Cuepower.co.uk Unit 3, Coach Close, Shireoaks Triangle Business Estate, Worksop. Nottinghamshire. S81 8AP. England. or by e-mail to sales@cuepower.co.ukThe notice of cancellation must be delivered within 7 working days of the day after date of delivery of the goods.The Customer will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods if he or she exercises this right of cancellation under the Regulations. If the Customer does not actually return the goods to Cuepower.co.uk, the Customer is under a duty to make the goods available for collection at the Customer’s expense from the address to which they were delivered.The Customer is under a duty to retain possession of the goods whilst awaiting return to Cuepower.co.uk and to take reasonable care of them during this period. The Customer will be liable for any loss of or damage to the goods if he or she fails to comply with this obligation.The right to cancel does not apply to personalised goods or goods made to a consumer’s specification. RETURNING DAMAGED / FAULTY GOODS If you receive goods that have been damaged in transit or appear to be faulty please contact us to arrange for a collection of the goods, and then to arrange a replacement or refund. This may only be possible if you notify us in writing before the 7 working day cooling off period has lapsed. Customers are responsible for the goods until collected. It is the customer’s responsibility to make goods readily available for collection. Where a replacement is required we will try to arrange to replace the item at the same time as collecting the faulty or damaged item. If no replacement is required you will receive a full refund of the items including any delivery costs.REMITTANCE TERMS Any refund will be made within 30 days of either return of unwanted or damaged goods, or the cancellation of an order, but as soon as possible Free ShippingFree shipping on most online orders of £50 or more.
Safe & Secure PaymentsYou can pay easily and securely with your debit / credit card or PayPal.
CookiesWe use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site. To find out more, please read our Cookie Policy by clicking Here.Okay, thank you