http://www.guild.com/privacy-policy
Search
Basket
Apparel & Shoes
Jewelry
Art & Decor
Ornaments
Gift Guide
Menu
Contact Us
Call 1-877-223-4600 toll free
Email info@artfulhome.com
All Contact Info
My Account
Basket
Apparel & Shoes
Jewelry
Art & Decor
Ornaments
Gift Guide
Privacy & Security Policy
Last Updated: 12/31/2019
Protecting your information and ensuring a secure shopping experience is a priority for Artful Home. This Privacy and Security Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how information is securely collected from you when you visit this website or communicate with us via other channels such as phone and email (collectively, our “Services”), how Artful Home, LLC (“we”, “us”, or “our”) uses and shares that information, and how you can manage your account information and personal data (your "Information").
By using our Services, you consent to the collection, use, processing, and sharing of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy, in conjunction with our Legal Terms and Returns Policy Page, constitutes the critical terms of using our Services. Additional terms, which will be disclosed at the time you voluntarily opt in, may apply.
Notice of Future Changes to This Policy
At some point in the future, we may decide to change our policies or use consumer information for new, unanticipated purposes not previously disclosed. If our Information practices change, we will post the policy changes to this page or link to further information from this page. If you are concerned about how your Information is used, you should return to this page on each visit. Your continued use of our Services indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy as posted.
Information We Collect about You
Data you directly and voluntarily provide to us. We may collect and process some or all of the following Information you make available to us when you make a purchase or use our Services, such as:
First and last name
Email address
Mailing address
Phone number, which may include your mobile phone number
Online account Information, including username and password
Payment information
Product ratings and reviews, including any media submitted with a review
Live chat communication details
Customer support or technical information you provide when you contact us directly
Details of your purchases and fulfillment of orders
Other feature-oriented registration information, such as when enrolling in our Artful Rewards program or using our Wish List feature
Other information you may provide to us through blog comments, promotions, or research through our Services
Information we automatically collect from you. We also collect information by automated means (such as cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies) when you visit our Services, interact with our ads on other websites, or open emails that we send. This information may include:
Web server/log data such as IP address, domain type, device identifier/data, browser version, operating system, unique personal identifiers, and the resources that you access
Mobile carrier and device settings (for example, your language preference or information stored in your browser settings)
Requested and referring URLs
Use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us (such as signing in to your account, opening or clicking our emails, or using our website) that help improve our services.
Data from third parties. We collect data by allowing third-party companies to place cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies on our website. We may, from time to time, receive information (such as contact information or interest data connected to your contact information) from third parties with whom we have marketing, analytical, or service relationships. Sometimes, we use these companies to enhance Information we already have (such as your demographic data or likely interests).
How We Use Your Information
We may use the personal Information we collect from you for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
Security and auditing. To protect against malicious activity, analyze fraud potential, and secure our services and operations.
Product sales and fulfillment. This includes the evaluation of products and services we offer and the processing and shipping of your orders. It also includes providing customer care, managing return transactions, processing returns, and issuing refunds.
Account creation and maintenance. Includes creating and managing your account with us, providing service to you by replying to requests or questions, verifying information, and providing other services related to our business operations.
Improving your experience and communicating with you. We and our service providers may use the data you provide, or that is collected through our Services, to operate our business, personalize your shopping experience, debug errors, contact you with important information and notices relating to the Services, and carry out obligations arising from any agreements between you and us. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about changes to this Privacy Policy or other Legal Terms.
For marketing communications. To market to you and other potential customers, including direct mail, email, display media, search engine marketing, and other channels. We and our service providers may use the data you provide, or that is collected through our Services, to provide you with updates, advertising, and promotions, where you have chosen to receive these.
Analytics services. We work with third-party analytics providers to help us understand how our Services are being used, such as website usage data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, A/B testing, website analytics, and to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements.
Promotions. From time to time, we may host promotions (such as sweepstakes or contests) on our Services. You may be asked to provide personal Information or permit the transfer of your personal Information to a third party to participate in the promotion. If so, the parties whose privacy policy applies will be disclosed at the point of collection, and you will be able to choose whether or not you want to participate at that time.
Conducting research. We may deploy research, such as surveys or focus groups, to improve your experience or to help develop new services and products.
How Your Information Is Shared with Third Parties
We may share the Information we collect from you for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
With our service providers. We may share your Information with our service providers who work on our behalf. For example, artists and designers who ship orders to you; service providers who handle payment processing, sales tax management, data management, website feature administration, email distribution, market research, or analytics; and advertising partners. These service providers will only have access to the Information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
On our website. For example, we may display the Information you post on product reviews, Wish List, or Blog website features. Note: We recommend that you do not post any Information in these features that you do not want to share publicly.
For marketing and direct mail campaigns. We may disclose certain Information (including name, mailing address, and non-sensitive transactional Information such as your purchase history, amounts paid, and products ordered) to trusted marketing partners (such as data co-operatives) for trade or rental purposes. A data co-operative collects purchase data and customer information across a range of different categories from US retailers; this is a common practice amongst catalog-oriented companies that helps us market to prospective customers.
With third parties for online marketing. We may share your Information directly with advertising and analytics partners. We also employ third-party companies to serve ads and provide analytics when you visit our website. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information (such as time and date of visit, browser type, clickstream data, subject of ads clicked or scrolled over) during your visit to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. To find out more about internet-based advertising or to opt out of having your web browsing data used for advertising purposes, visit the Network Advertising Initiative. We have no control over and are not responsible for cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies that third-party partners may use.
Via social media sharing. Our Services may use social networking or “share functionality” or may contain links to third-party websites or applications that are not owned or controlled by us. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of Information about you by these sites or applications, depending on the feature. We assume no responsibility for the content, policies, or practices of any third-party website we may link you to. You are subject to the policies of those third parties.
With our company affiliates. We may share your Information with companies affiliated with Guild Brands, LLC in order to inform you of related services or products, provide joint content and services, or improve your experience. Affiliates include our subsidiaries, owners, and other companies that they own.
With successors to all or part of our business. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization, or other change of control.
To comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order, sharing Information requested by a government agency, or sharing Information if we were investigated for potential fraud.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws.
COMMUNICATION CHOICES
We offer you certain choices about the collection, use, and sharing of your Information. Withdrawing your consent to use your personal Information may mean that you cannot take advantage of certain offerings or website features.
Access, correct, or request your Information. You may access or correct your account Information at any time by clicking on "My Account" at ArtfulHome.com. To access or correct your Information over the phone, or to obtain more detailed account Information, please call 1-877-223-4600 and be prepared to verify your identification.
Unsubscribe from emails. If at any time you would like to stop future delivery of Artful Home emails, please follow the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of each email we send you. You can also unsubscribe by emailing info@artfulhome.com or calling 1-877-223-4600. If you have an Artful Home account, you can adjust your email settings by signing in to your account. Asking to be removed from the Artful Home email list will not prevent you from receiving email communications relating to orders placed at ArtfulHome.com, invitations to participate in surveys about your experiences on ArtfulHome.com, or other transactional email communications, if you have provided us with your email address for said purpose.
Request removal from mailing lists. Prior to sending any direct mail communications, such as our catalog, we check our mailing lists against the Direct Marketing Association's (DMA) Do Not Mail List and remove from our mailing any consumers who have specifically opted out from receiving unsolicited mail. To be removed from our mailing list, you can email info@artfulhome.com, call 1-877-223-4600, or send your request, including your full name and mailing address, to Artful Home, Attn: Catalog Opt-Out, 3118 International Lane, Madison, Wisconsin 53704. Please note that it may take up to 12 weeks to process your "do not mail" request because mailings are planned that far in advance.
If you prefer that we not share your Information with other marketing companies, please email info@artfulhome.com or call 1-877-223-4600. We will be sure your Information is removed from the data we share with these organizations.
Opt out of targeted internet advertising. If you do not wish to have us collect and use Information about you to deliver targeted online advertising (such as banner ads), please visit the Network Advertising Initiative and follow the instructions for opting out. Please note that most opt-out mechanisms are cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser that is used to submit an opt-out request. If you have multiple computers, change computers, or use multiple browsers, you will need to submit opt-out requests for each such computer or browser. In addition, if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, you will need to renew your opt-out choices to ensure that any opt-out cookies remain effective.
Data analytics. If you do not wish to have technology used to gather Information about how you interact with our website while you are on our website, please install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on and employ it at the start of each session on our website. A cookie will be set on your browser that instructs this technology not to start for that session. Please note that the next time you access our website, the analytics will be reactivated, so you will have to disable the technology each time. If you reject the cookies and web beacons we use, you may still use certain aspects of our website, but you may not have access to certain features.
Do not track. ArtfulHome.com is not designed to recognize a web browser’s “do not track” setting. If you would prefer not to receive cookies from any website, most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Note that certain features of our website may not work if you delete or disable cookies. In addition, disabling cookies may cancel opt-outs that rely on cookies, such as web analytics or targeted advertising opt-outs.
Telephone numbers. If you supply us with your telephone number, you will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders you have placed with Artful Home, including invitations to participate in surveys about your experiences with Artful Home.
California residents: Please see your additional specific rights below.
Security and Fraud Prevention
We are committed to keeping your personal Information private and secure. ArtfulHome.com was developed to support secure online purchasing through secure socket layer (SSL) technology using 256-bit encryption, which provides a high level of security. All Information that you provide while using our website is encrypted for your protection. A username and password are needed to access certain areas of our website. Artful Home uses reasonable means to safeguard personal Information under our control. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of Information that we have collected from you. We take precautions to carefully screen orders when they are made and to prevent credit card fraud to the extent possible. However, because the Internet is never completely secure, we encourage you to use caution whenever you access the Internet. It is your responsibility to protect your username and password.
California Residents Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Your rights. If you reside in California, you have the following rights outlined below. Below the description of these rights, you will find instructions on how to exercise your rights.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you, no more than twice in a 12-month period, the personal Information about you that we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold during the preceding 12 months, which shall include as follows:
The categories of personal Information that we have collected and sold about you, or shared for a business purpose with our service providers.
The sources from which we have collected such Information.
The third parties with whom we have shared that personal Information and to whom we have sold that personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal Information.
The specific pieces of personal Information we've collected about you.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal Information.
You have the right to opt out of our sale of your personal Information.
Exercise your rights as a California resident. To exercise rights 1 and 2 above, please email us at privacy@artfulhome.com or leave us a message with your name, postal address, and email address at 1-877-344-8453. To exercise right number 3 above, please visit our webform or leave us a message at 1-877-344-8453 clearly stating, "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" along with your name, postal address, and email address. Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request.
Disclosures. For purposes of exercising your rights above, please note the following about how we collect, use, and sell your personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy:
We collect the following categories of personal Information: Identifiers and personal information; commercial or transactional Information; internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; inferences about you.
We disclose the following categories of personal Information for a business purpose: Identifiers and personal information; commercial or transactional information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; inferences about you. We may share this information with data analytics providers, advertising networks, service providers, social media websites, or others as outlined previously in this Privacy Policy.
We sell the following categories of personal Information: Identifiers and personal information; commercial or transactional information; geolocation data. Please note that "sell" in the context of CCPA covers our sharing of limited customer information with trusted marketing partners (such as data co-operatives) for trade or rental purposes. A data co-operative collects purchase data and customer information across a range of different categories from US retailers; this is a common practice amongst catalog-oriented companies that helps us market to prospective customers. California has defined this practice as a “sale.” Because of this, we are required to disclose these types of transfers as “sales” of personal information.
We DO NOT collect, disclose, or sell the following categories of personal Information: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; biometric information; sensory information; professional information; education information. We DO NOT sell inferences about you. As a general audience service, we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
We obtain, use, and disclose to third parties the personal information we collect for business and commercial purposes as described previously in this Privacy Policy.
Non-discrimination rights and financial incentives. We will not discriminate against you because you exercise your CCPA rights under this section of the Privacy Policy. Artful Home offers a loyalty program, Artful Rewards, which offers financial incentives in the form of free shipping on select items and higher promotional savings from time to time in exchange for you providing valid personal information in the form of an email address. Please review the program terms and conditions to learn how to join or opt out. We feel that the value to you is reasonably related to the value to us, as calculated by the revenue generated from the collection of your personal information.
Visitors from outside the United States
ArtfulHome.com is intended for customers located in the United States of America and Canada, and online orders accepted over this website can only be shipped to the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, U.S. Territories, and APO/FPO addresses.
Children's Privacy
We are a general audience service, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years of age.
Contact Us for More Information
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, contact us at privacy@artfulhome.com or send a letter to:
Artful Home, LLC
Attn: Privacy & Legal Department
3118 International Lane
Madison, Wisconsin 53704
Follow Us
Thank you for signing up for Artful Home emails!
Check your inbox for a welcome message from us.
Need Help?
Call us 1-877-223-4600 toll free
Customer Care
Contact Us
FAQs
Request a Catalog
Shipping
Returns
Trade Professionals
Gifts
Gift Certificates
About Us
About Artful Home
Inspiration & Community
Artful Home Blog
Careers
Legal
Site Map
My Account
Sign In
Create an Account
Join Artful Rewards
Wish Lists
For Artists
Artist Sign In
Sell Your Artwork
© 2020 Artful Home, LLC All rights reserved | Privacy & Security | CA Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information