http://www.lammes.com/terms-conditions/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Guarantee
Lammes Candies Since 1885, Inc. is committed to creating the kind of quality candy and service that ensures customer satisfaction. Please contact us immediately if you are dissatisfied with our products or our level of service for any reason, and we will do our best to assist you. In cases of product defect, we will happily replace your item at no cost to you. Call 1-800- 252-1885 Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm CST and tell us your name, your address, your phone number, the name and address of where you purchased the product, and the date of your purchase. If possible, provide a copy of your receipt. Lammes Candies Since 1885, Inc. recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and website users.
Privacy
We have posted this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the collection and use of information gathered through Lammes.com. Lammes Candies Since 1885, Inc. reserves the right to modify or remove this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will go into effect on the date posted. The new Policy will apply to all past and current users of Lammes.com and will replace any prior Policies. By using this website, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy, as outlined below.
Lammes.com does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. We do not require users to register or provide information to us in order to view the site. If you choose to register at Lammes.com we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, password, and billing address. We also collect the names and addresses of those persons whom you add to your personal address book, which is only accessible by using the registered user’s log-in information. We use the information you provide for the purpose of providing the services you have requested, such as processing, confirming, and tracking your order or otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Lammes Candies Since 1885, Inc. may from time-to- time contact you via email or regular mail to keep you updated on the latest Lammes Candies news or to send you our latest catalog. You may opt-out of receiving mail or email from us by emailing your request to us at mailorder@lammes.com.
Updating/Editing Your Registration Information
You can access, review and/or correct all of your personally identifiable information that was provided to us only by logging in with the identifying log in information you provided to us.
Third Party Service Providers
Lammes.com sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform services for us. For example, we hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, analyze data, and complete routine web development and technical support. These parties have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor Lammes’ privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. All personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorized access, modification, or misuse.
Sweeten up your inbox!
yourname@email.com
search_icon
Call-in Orders (800) 252-1885
Our Stores
Business Gifts
Catalogs
Shop All
Pralines
Chocolatesdropdown_arrow
Chocolates
All Chocolates
Longhorns
Signature Chocolates
Chocolate Bars
Assortments
Sugar Free
Texas Theme
Holiday Gift Ideasdropdown_arrow
Holiday Gift Ideas
All Holiday Gift Ideas
Decorative Gift Boxes
Baskets & Stacks
2 Piece Stocking Stuffers
Heat Friendly
Case Packs
More Sweetsdropdown_arrow
More Sweets
All More Sweets
Taffy Kisses
Mints & Divinity
Caramels
Chocolate Malt Balls
About Us
Contact
Our Locations
Shipping
Wholesale
Terms & Conditions
Faq
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
cart
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*