http://www.click4warranty.co.uk/privacy
COVER AT A GLANCE
About Us
Reviews
Quote
Login
Contact Us
Privacy
Terms
Documents
FCA
COVER AT A GLANCE
About Us
Reviews
Quote
Login
Contact Us
Privacy
Terms
Documents
FCA
GDPR Data Protection
We NEVER share your details with other websites or marketing companies
GDPR Data Privacy
We only need the basic personal data you provide and never credit search
GDPR Data Security
Your information is stored securely and protected 24/7
Enter your reg number for a quote
reg Address
GET QUOTE
If you don't know it CLICK HERE
Your Privacy & Security Policies
Leading By Example
While GDPR, the General Data Protection Regulation, is the biggest change to UK data privacy law for 20 years and creates a single set of rules to better protect your personal information, as an FCA regulated provider of motor related insurance products, data protection and robust security, the fundamental requirements of GDPR, have always been an essential part of everything we do. So we are publishing not just the privacy policy, but all relevant policies to clearly demonstrate how the information you provide is securely stored and never exploited.Since 2004, we have quietly got on with investing in genuine reliable policies, equipping our consultants with a professional understanding of the insurance services we provide.  Our premiums remain so affordable thanks, in part, to our many returning policy holders and the fact we refuse to be drawn in to expensive advertising "partnerships", a cost that benefits policy holders in no way at all.As a priority, we have focused on ensuring information is easy to find, and limitations as well as benefits are highlighted.As importantly, we have always recognised the personal data you provide must never be shared and securely stored.
Clarity Of Requirements
To provide our services, we require only on the most basic information (name, and contact details), and never carry out a search or collect personal information about you from other companies.Nevertheless, when you enter your details, you trust us with your information and we are committed to keeping that trust.Our Privacy Policy, Data Protection Policy, together with our other GDPR Policy Documents, describe our legitimate interests, how we store and protect your data and the types of communication you can expect to receive from us.As is common practice, our websites use cookies which can be cleared at any time and managed through your browser settings.  None of the cookies we use collect your personal information and they cannot be used to identify you.  To find out more about how we use cookies please see our cookie policy.
It's always recommended to read GDPR data policies, in particular the privacy policy, so you are aware of how and why we are using your personal information.
Our Data Protection Principles
We comply with data protection law to ensure the personal information we hold about you is:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for the valid purposes we have clearly explained
Is not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely
Privacy | Site Security | Terms | FCA | Info | Sitemap | © 2016 Click4Warranty | Web design by Lilo
LOG IN TO YOUR ACCOUNT
website design london - lilo.co.uk
x
BUY TODAY TO SAVE £100!
enter code MOBILE100