http://www.papinelle.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Papinelle is committed to protecting your personal privacy. This privacy policy outlines the type of information that is collected by Papinelle and how we use and protect it. The policy tells you what to do if you do not want your personal information collected and how you can change information that you have already provided to us. This policy applies only to the business information that we collect and to our website. Papinelle complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“the Act”) and any code approved by the Privacy Commissioner under Section 18DD of the Act. This includes the National Privacy Principles introduced on 21 December 2001.
Your Consent to this Privacy PolicyBy using this website, you are agreeing to accept the terms of our current privacy policy as described herein. If you do not agree with any part of this policy, you may not use our website.
Collection of Personal InformationIn this privacy policy “Personal Information” means personal identifiable information such as but not limited to your name, street address, email address and telephone number. When you make an enquiry about us or our products, you may be asked to provide personal information so that you can make a comment or enquiry or for a variety of other reasons. When you provide us with Personal Information, you are authorising us to use that information in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy, which includes your rights to limit our use of the Personal Information.
Product and service informationIf you have purchased products from Papinelle, we may hold your contact details as well as details of the products that we provide to you. Those details are primarily used to send you information about relevant products, latest developments and forthcoming events or promotions.
Information for marketingIf we have collected your details from an enquiry you have made, we will hold your contact details and details of information that we send to you. The Personal Information we hold is used to communicate with you on the topics you have indicated an interest in or that we believe that you may be interested in.
Links to external sitesPapinelle does not take any responsibility for its advertisers, outgoing links or any other part of its website that is not under direct or total control of Papinelle. We advise that you read the privacy policies of external sites before submitting personal information.
Your Information and Third PartiesYour Personal Information and the information which Papinelle gathers is used by Papinelle for the express purpose for which it was collected. We do not provide Personal Information to other companies except where they are subcontractors or suppliers directly involved in the delivery or sale of a product. Occasionally we may collect Personal Information from you in the course of conducting promotions or competitions and such promotions or competitions may be conducted jointly with third parties who might have access to your Personal Information. In such circumstances the terms and conditions of such promotions or competitions (jointly held or otherwise) will clearly state the intentions of the recipient(s) of your Personal Information. Otherwise, we do not provide your Personal Information to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes. Please note that we will release your Personal Information if required to do so by law or by search warrant, subpoena or court order.
Security of InformationWe take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. Access to your Personal Information is permitted among other employees only on a need to know basis. If the Personal Information that we have about you is no longer needed for the purposes stated in this privacy policy, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently remove your Personal Information.
Accuracy of InformationPapinelle takes all reasonable steps to make sure that the Personal Information that we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up to date. Papinelle may from time to time contact you to check that our information is accurate and up to date.
Access to Your Personal InformationPapinelle will provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Information that we hold about you, except where doing so would contravene the National Privacy Principles. If providing this information would impose unreasonable costs on Papinelle, we will advise you of the reasons for this and that a reasonable charge will be imposed to obtain the information for you. If you can establish that the information about you is not accurate, complete and up to date, we will take reasonable steps to correct this information.
Complaint Handling ProcedureIf you have a complaint about breaches of this privacy policy, please contact Papinelle on the details provided below. Papinelle will investigate your complaint with reference to Part 5 of the Act. If you are not satisfied with the way that we respond to your complaint, your next step is to refer your complaint to the Office of The Federal Privacy Commissioner. It will then be dealt with as determined by the Privacy Commissioner.
Changes in our PolicyPapinelle reserves the right to change this privacy policy at its discretion. If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes on our website. We encourage you to visit the site frequently to stay informed and up to date.
Contact DetailsFor complaints/enquires regarding privacy issues please contact info@papinelle.com
join the dreamers Let's stay in touch!
.
X
A few things to know :
Prices and payment are shown in AUD
International shipping costs are based on your items, shipping method and destination.
Get more details or Contact us if you have any questions about international shipping!
We've noticed you are in the USA or Canada.
We offer FREE delivery to the US and Canada on orders over US$100 and EASY returns.
To continue to our US site and shop in your currency please click belowContact us if you have any questions
We've noticed you are in the USA or Canada.
We offer FREE delivery to the US and Canada on orders over US$100 and EASY returns.
To continue to our US site and shop in your currency please click belowContact us if you have any questions
We've noticed you are in New Zealand.
We offer FREE next day delivery* on all orders over NZ$100 and easy returns.
Visit our beautiful boutique at 2 Teed Street, Newmarket, Auckland.
To continue to our New Zealand site and shop in NZD click below.
Contact Us if you have any questions