http://www.sibona.com/pages/security-privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Table linen
Hand towels
Laundry bags
Lingerie & Shoe bags
Christmas
Sale
Security & privacy
Privacy Policy
Your personal information
We will treat all your personal information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the limited circumstances set out below).
We will fully comply with all applicable UK data protection and consumer legislation. We will not sell, disclose or pass on your personal information to a third party.
We use your information only for the following purposes:
To process your orders
To serve website content to you
To administer and improve this website through website statistics
If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Shopping with us
When you shop on the Sibona website, we will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, and product selection.
We may also collect information such as the external website URL that linked to this site, your current IP address, your web browser type, geographic region where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website.
When you use our shopping cart while ordering online, you will be given the option to subscribe for promotional information from Sibona only by post, e-mail or telephone, about products, promotions or special offers which we feel may be of interest to you. In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, please ensure that you untick the appropriate box as you go through the checkout process.
You may unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by sending an e-mail with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line to office@sibona.com or by telephoning us on 020 8949 4882 during office hours Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information and /or user information, we are entitled do so.
Credit and Debit cards
We do not collect or store in our system any credit card or debit card information.
Please check frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. Questions regarding this policy should be directed to the administrator of Sibona.com as follows:
Customer Manager
Sibona
33 Salisbury Road
Surrey
KT3 3HZ
Sibona Ltd is registered in London, UK. Company number: 2457386 VAT No. 561 8690 15
April 2018