https://www.thebestadirondackchair.com/our-privacy-policy/
Home
Our Privacy Policy
SHOP NOW
Brazilian Walnut - IPE
Half Price Sale!
Call or email to find out more!
Categories
About Us
Our Guarantee
Adirondack Chairs Videos
See Our Products
Why Choose Us
Contact Us
Offers
OUR REFUND POLICY
An unconditional FULL refund is available on products returned within 10 days of receiving them. We know you love your handcrafted furniture, but if you don't, we pay all return shipping charges within the continental US or Canada.
No questions asked, no forms to fill out, no conditions, and no repacking or warehouse fees! Just repack the chair(s) or other product(s) the best you can,
we will take care of the rest.
Read More
Our Privacy Policy
We value your privacy as much as we value our own.
We have a steadfast policy about sharing your private information.
We have not and will not ever share any of you private information with anyone other than what is necessary for shipping and customs/government purposes only.
We protect our customer’s identity by using advanced technology encryption for sensitive information in addition to keeping our customer lists confidential. No one outside our management team has access to our customers confidential information.
All and any information collected is stored in secure, encrypted and password protected servers for your protection.
We also understand and appreciate how annoying some retailers can be by spamming you to death with unwanted emails after you have made a purchase with them. That is why it is our policy to not spam you ever with unwarranted emails. We also respect and adhere to all anti spam legislation both in the US, Canada, Europe and other overseas legislation. Your email address is considered confidential information and we will not share it with anyone or any third parties including any marketing firms.
In the near future we will have a quarterly newsletter available that you will be able to subscribe to if you wish it. You can also follow us on YouTube(WeLoveAdirondacks), Twitter( BestAdirondack) and Facebook (The Best Adirondack Chair Company).
USA residents are protected by many anti spamming laws including: CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Pub. L. 108-187, S. 877), Anti-Phishing Act of 2004 (S. 2636),and Anti-Spam Act of 2003 (H.R. 2515)
Canadians are protected by two federal privacy laws, the Privacy Act and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). PIPEDA is based on the Canadian Standards Association's Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information, which is incorporated into the legislation. Organizations in Quebec are subject to the Quebec private sector privacy law. Oversight of the law is in the hands of the Commission d'accès à l'information.