http://www.adultdiapers.org/pages/policies
Skip to Main Content
Policies
43311 Joy Rd, #615Canton, MI 48187Toll Free 1-877-245-7148magicmed@comcast.net
If you had an account on our old site, register for an account with the same email on this new site.  Your addresses and order history has all been transferred over.
RETURNSBecause of the Covid19 crisis, we will not be accepting any returns at this time.
Want to talk to a real person?You can place your order with us by phone at 1-877- 245-7148 from 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Mon-Fri, Eastern Time. If you call on the weekend, you might catch us, but we're not always in the office on the weekend.If you get the voice mail, leave your name and number. We will return the call within an hour if it is during regular business hours.FAQCancellationsPayment MethodsPackagingTaxShippingReturnsPrivacy PolicyCancellationsAll orders will be processed immediately. Once an order is processed, it cannot be cancelled or changed. Medline, Molicare and McKesson products will ship the same day if ordered by 12:30 pm ET. All other brands will ship the same day if ordered by 4:30 pm ET. If the item is out of stock or will be delayed for any reason, we will notify you with an estimated shipping date by e-mail. There is no shipping on weekends.Payment MethodsWe accept Visa/MC, American Express, Discover, Visa/MC debit cards and PayPal. We will also accept prepaid orders by money order or cashier's check only. An order is deemed to be valid after prepayment has been received by credit card or money order.PackagingAll items are shipped in the manufacturer's box which may be printed with the product and/or manufacturer's name. The manufacturers boxes for Attends, Tena, and Tranquillity products are now plain boxes.TaxThere will be a 6% sales tax added to your order if the order is shipped to Michigan.Shipping CostsShipping is included all prices.  There are no additional handling or order fees added.We do not ship out of the U.S. or to Alaska or Hawaii.All orders are shipped by UPS Ground or FedEx Ground in the continental United States. Our vendors determine which carrier will deliver your order. We do not ship outside the US at this time. We do not ship by US Mail and therefore cannot ship to P.O. Boxes, APO or FPO addresses.All of our items are now drop shipped. This means that we have the manufacturer or one of our vendors ship it to you from their closest warehouse. You receive the item faster at a lower cost. We give them your name and address for shipping purposes, but no other information. They also have privacy policies they abide by which are similar to ours.Please note that you are responsible for providing us with the correct shipping address.  We are not responsible for replacement of your order if it was shipped to an incorrect address that you gave us.Expedited shipping is not available.RETURNSBecause of the Covid19 crisis, we will not be accepting any returns at this time.ERRORS ON OUR WEBSITEDespite our efforts to ensure that the information on our website is accurate, complete and current, there may be instances when information about a Product contains inaccurate or incomplete data, including data about the Product's price or availability. We make no warranty or guarantee that the information on our website is error-free, complete, or current. We reserve the right to correct errors and/or update the content on our website at any time without notice. We also reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order containing any error or inaccuracy, including after the order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your order is cancelled after your payment has been processed, we will issue a full refund to the original pay type.Privacy PolicyAll information given to us will be used for processing, confirmation and shipping of your order only. Magic Medical does not sell, rent, loan, trade or lease any information collected at our site, including e-mail lists. Any and all information collected will be kept strictly confidential. We will only use your email address to confirm your order or contact you with any questions regarding payment or delivery of said order.Magic Medical has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information.Magic Medical does not sell, share or distribute Customer Information to any third party organization.
Top Brands
Checkout our Full Line-Up