http://www.magicgeek.com/faqs/privacy/
Login
Sign up
Contact
Cart (0)
New magic
Magic downloads
Browse magic
Masterclass
Exclusives
Showtime
Podcast
Blog
Free Worldwide Shipping
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
| Price Match Promise
Browse Magic Tricks
We are not like other magic shops: we curate and only stock the very best magic tricks, DVDs & books.
Browse by performance style
Card magic tricks
Close-up magic tricks
Mentalism
Parlor & stage magic
Money magic
Magic for kids entertainers
Essential magic theory
Props & accessories
Playing cards
Phoenix decks
Coin gimmicks
Prop store
Magic Apps
Close-up pads for magic
Vanishing Inc. Brand Store
Gift cards
Browse by product type
All magic books
All magic DVDs
Magic magazines
Tricks for beginners
Rubik's Cube Magic
Important magic history
World's Greatest Magic
All magic products (A-Z list)
Magic downloads
Live Lectures
Free magic downloads
Card magic downloads
Magic ebooks
Magic shop
Instant product search
New magic tricks
Discounted magic
Card magic
Close-up magic
Mentalism
Magic prop store
Playing cards
Phoenix decks
Magic books
Magic DVDs
Magic for kids entertainers
Vanishing Inc. Magic Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Vanishing Inc. Magic uses and protects any information that you give Vanishing Inc. Magic when you use this website. Our internal policy has always been "be good guys." We respect our customers, and your data and so have ensured that this policy is as clear and as detailed as possible.
Vanishing Inc. Magic is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Vanishing Inc. Magic may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 26th April 2018. We aim to ensure compliance with EU GDPR regulations and the California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
your name
contact information including email address (and address should you make a purchase)
demographic information such as country, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
In the case that you order a made-to-order product (such as a custom close-up pad), we use third-party manufacturers. In this instance, we share your name and address so that they can send your order. They will not use your details for any other reason.
We use the “Facebook pixel” on our site from Facebook Inc. This tracks user behaviour after you have clicked on a Facebook advertisement from Vanishing Inc. This tracking lets us gauge the efficacy of our advertising. The data collected is anonymous to us and only known to Facebook Inc. Facebook Inc. may link this information to your Facebook account. This is in accordance with the Data Usage Policy Facebook have published here: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can opt out of your data being used in this way by Facebook here: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads. Specifically, to hide our advertisements on Facebook follow these steps:
• Click on the top right corner of the ad.
• Choose Hide ad.
• Follow the on-screen instructions and chose to hide all ads from Vanishing Inc. Magic
Facebook also allows you to opt out of all targetted advertising, if you desire.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by logging into your account or writing to or emailing us
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us by email.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Last updated: 12 November 2019
Who runs the Vanishing Inc. Magic Store?
Professional magicians Joshua Jay and Andi Gladwin are the cofounders of Vanishing Inc. Magic shop. But, every single member of the team is a skilled magician.
We’re proud to produce great magic tricks, magic books, downloads and DVDs. From card tricks using sleight of hand to easy magic tricks, there’s something for everyone here.
There's even some free magic downloads you can grab right now.
We accept:
Additional links
Learn magic tricks | Learn card tricks
Vanishing Inc. magic events
Free shipping | 100% satisfaction guarantee
About Vanishing Inc. magic shop
Vanishing Inc. iOS app
Magic info and history | Magic articles
Magic Book Reviews
Our youth fund
Vanishing Inc. Playing Cards
Prices in USD. Switch to UK site / GBP prices
© Copyright Vanishing Inc. Magic. shop 2020. Privacy policy