https://www.iluvfabrix.com/privacy
Featured Fabric Selection
View our Fabrics
Shop Now
To Shop
Privacy Policy
We are committed to providing our visitors with a
web site that respects their privacy. This page summarizes the
privacy policy and practices on iluvfabrix.com.
We do not automatically gather
any personal information from you, such as your name,
phone number, e-mail or address. This information is only
obtained if you supply it voluntarily, usually through
contacting us via e-mail, or registering in a secure portion
of the site.
Any personal information you do
provide is protected under the federal Privacy Act of
Canada. This means that, at the point of collection, you
will be informed that your personal information is being
collected, the purpose for which it is being collected
and that you have a right of access to the information.
We use software that receives and
records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer
that has contacted our Web site. We make no attempt to
link these addresses with the identity of individuals
visiting our site.
We do not regularly use "cookies"
to track how our visitors use the site. Whenever we enable
"cookies" to facilitate your transactions, we
will first inform you.
Visitor information is not disclosed
to anyone except iluvfabrix.com
personnel who need the information, e.g., to respond to
a request.
If you join a iluvfabrix.com
online discussion group, we may ask you to volunteer personal
information such as your name and email address for the
purposes of effective administration of the discussion
group. In some cases, our groups are limited to member
only discussions and as such can not be accessed by the
general public. We will notify you as to whether you are
joining a closed (limited) or open (public) discussion.
For questions or comments regarding
this policy please contact us by info@iluvfabrix.com.
Additional information about Canada's
Privacy Act can be found here.
Security
Our site is fully secure for online credit card payements.