http://www.jumpsport.com/help/orders/
Shipping Notice: Tracking information and delivery windows are delayed. Before contacting us, please read our Shipping Updates.
Holiday Hours: MON–FRI 9am–6pm EST, SAT 11am-5pm EST, SUN 12pm-5pm EST
Help Orders & Shipping
Home
Support
Do you offer free shipping on all your products?
We currently offer free shipping on most of our products shipped within the contiguous United States. Some parts orders (most items you cannot find on the parts page and the Rectangle Safety Pads) do not have free shipping. Shipments going to Hawaii or Alaska will incur an additional shipping charge. We do not ship internationally or to Territories of the U.S. (with the exception of small parts to Canada). Most orders ship via a parcel service. Due to their large size and weight, our AlleyOOP Sports DoubleBounce Systems, Rectangular Trampolines and Rectangular Safety Pads ship by way of reputable freight delivery companies. While we do accept returns within 30 days, if you return an item, there will be deductible shipping costs as well as possible restocking fees. Read our Return Policy for more details.
View 2020 Holiday Shipping Estimates
How does freight delivery work?
JumpSport and AlleyOOP rectangle trampolines and rectangle replacement pads, AlleyOOP DoubleBounce trampolines, and large quantity orders will ship via a freight carrier instead of a parcel service like UPS or FedEx. CA, OR, WA, and Las Vegas, NV orders will ship via Estes Express Freight and will be delivered curbside with no appointment or signature required. For other locations, you will be contacted via phone to schedule a delivery appointment.
If the freight company leaves you a message, please call them back to schedule your appointment in a timely manner. JumpSport cannot be held responsible for any storage charges incurred as a result of a customer failing to schedule a delivery appointment with the carrier in a timely manner.
Someone over the age of 18 will need to be present during delivery to sign for the items. All shipments coming via freight are brought to the curbside only. The driver will usually help you lift the item off the truck to the curbside. Please note the following important details about freight delivery:
Please follow the instructions regarding freight delivery that can be found on your sales order.
You will be responsible for moving the items into your home or backyard once it has been removed from the truck at curbside. Freight delivery personnel are not required to move the item beyond curbside into your home or backyard (some will do so if you ask politely and offer a nice tip).
Additional costs may be incurred if you live on a small street that is not accessible via a freight truck. In such cases, the freight company will need to transfer your purchase onto a smaller truck for delivery. If you know that large moving trucks cannot access your street (a problem in some cities and rural areas), you must let us know before placing your order so that we can notify the freight service and obtain a cost estimate for you. For any questions regarding freight delivery, please contact our Customer Service department.
Can you ship to APO/FPO, P.O. Boxes, or international addresses?
We currently do not ship large packages to APO/FPO addresses, P.O. Boxes, or international addresses. Products under 9 lbs can be shipped to APO/FPO addresses and PO boxes. Since we do ship most products to any address in the contiguous United States free of charge, if you would like to have a trampoline delivered outside the US, we recommend contacting a freight forwarder with an address within the US that ships to your destination country. We will happily work with the freight forwarder of your choice to make sure all boxes and/or pallets are labeled correctly for shipment to their ultimate destination. If special paperwork such as a commercial invoice is required, there will be an additional processing fee. Shipments going to a freight forwarder will also need to be paid in advance by a cleared check or a wire transfer. Please call our customer service line for help with these orders.
You can also purchase JumpSport Fitness products from the following international websites:
JumpSport Mexico: https://jumpsport.com.mx/
JumpSport Germany: https://jumpsportfitness.de/
JumpSport & AIBI Singapore: https://aibifitness.com/consumer/brands/aibi-jumpsport.html
Product Availability and Substitutions
JumpSport reserves the right to discontinue or make changes to its products. In the event that a product ordered is not available, JumpSport shall have the right to place the order on backorder or substitute products that, at JumpSport's discretion, are of a comparable or higher grade, quality, or price. The terms and length of warranty coverage are honored based solely upon the model purchased, not the model supplied by JumpSport.
How do I know if my order has shipped?
Once you have completed your purchase, you will receive an order confirmation email from JumpSport with a summary of your items and an order confirmation number. Your products will be shipped 1 to 2 business days after you receive the order confirmation email. Your order will usually arrive at your doorstep in approximately 5 business days, but could take up to 10 business days. Most orders are shipped in multiple boxes and may not all be delivered on the same day. We ship from warehouses in Texas, Virginia, and California so the closer you are to these locations, the sooner you can expect to receive your order. If your items ship via UPS or FedEx, you will receive an email directly from them with tracking information. If you do not receive an email with tracking information, the email may have been blocked or sent to a spam folder. Please check your spam folders to be sure that the email did not get filtered there.
How do I track my order?
After you receive your tracking number by email (see above paragraph), you can then track your shipment through the online tracking service provided by the parcel service:
www.ups.com1-800-742-5877
www.fedex.com1-800-463-3339
If your order is being shipped via freight delivery we will email you with the name of the freight company and your tracking (Pro) number, 2-3 business days after receiving your order.
How do I cancel my order?
If you wish to cancel your order, please contact Customer Service immediately at 1-888-567-5867 and have your order confirmation number ready.
If you are unable to contact Customer Service by phone, send an email immediately to customerservice@jumpsport.com. On the subject line of the email, please include your order confirmation number and the word "CANCELLATION". For example, the subject line should say "SA0xxxxx CANCELLATION". Then in the body of your email, please state your full name, order confirmation number, and tell us that you would like to cancel your order. Any additional information that you can provide about the reason for your cancellation will help us to take care of your specific needs quickly and accurately.
Please call Customer Service back after sending the email (either the same day, or the following business day if it is after-hours) to follow-up and make sure your cancellation is being processed. The speed with which you bring the cancellation request to our attention will help ensure that your order does not ship, and that you do not have to pay any additional costs.
We offer FREE shipping on most of the products listed on our website, and fully absorb those costs if you keep your purchase. However, if you do not contact us to cancel an order before it leaves our warehouse, all shipping costs as well as a 20% warehouse restocking fee will be deducted from the purchase price before any refund is issued. For more information, see our detailed Return Policy page.
GO Back to top
Main Help Page
Order Status & Shipping
Free Shipping
Freight Delivery
Other Shipping
Availability & Substitutions
Order Confirmation
Tracking
Order Canceling
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Third Parties
Your Email Address
Website Security
Credit Card
Product Registration
Payment
Payment Options
Card Charges
Sales Tax
Bill Me Later
Bread Financing
Product Questions
Trampolines
Safety Nets
General Questions
Returns and Warranty
Return Policy
RMA Request Form
Warranty Policy
Warranty Request Form
Shipping Damage
Missing Parts
Dealer Locator
Customer Testimonials
Contact Us
×
Get $50 Off Backyard Trampolines or $25 Off Fitness Trampolines
Be the first to get exclusive sales, news, and more straight to your inbox.
Backyard Trampolines
Fitness Trampolines
Shop Backyard Trampolines
Find Replacement PartsTrampoline Safety
Fitness Navigation
Explore Fitness
Shop Fitness Trampolines
Compare Models
Shop Office Movement
Online Fitness Videos
Benefits of Rebounding
Studios & Clubs
More JumpSport Websites
JumpSport Fitness TV Login
JumpSport Fitness Germany
JumpSport Fitness Australia
Local Dealers
Wurf.com
Company
About Us
Blog
Fitness Press
Dealer Locator
AlleyOOP Ergonomics + Wurf
JumpSport Fitness TV
Need Help?
Help / Support
Installation Videos
Backyard User Manuals
Fitness User Manuals
Orders & Shipping
Returns and Warranty
More Info
Backyard Trampoline Sales
Fitness Trampoline Sales
Site Map
Dealer Application
Privacy Policy
Patents
Recall
Contact Us
1-888-567-5867
MON - FRI 9AM-6PM EST
HOLIDAY HOURS:
SAT 11AM-5PM EST
SUN 12PM-5PM EST
Contact Us
COVID-19 Update
Social Media
As protective and as innovative as our safety features are, nothing can replace a parent's watchful eye.
Please ensure that you, or another adult, always supervise your kids while they use a trampoline.†Free Shipping Details ©Copyright 1997-2020 JumpSport, Inc. All rights reserved. Patent and Trademark information at JumpSport.com/Patents
*Your terms may vary and are subject to credit approval. Rates range from 0% APR to 29.99% APR. All Bread® loans are made by Cross River Bank, Member FDIC.