http://www.tapplastics.com/about/terms_of_use
Contact Us
Track My Order
My Account
Register
Login
Cart
Checkout
Shop by Department
Cut-to-Size
Plastics
All Plastics
Cut-to-Size Plastic
Acrylic & Plastic Picture Frames
Acrylic and Plastic Cleaner
Acrylic Circles
Acrylic Hinges, Handles & Latches
Large Acrylic Plastic Boxes
Personal Protection Equipment
Plastic Boxes and Containers
Plastic Brochure Holders
Plastic Display Stands
Plastic Organizers
Plastic Podiums & Lecterns
Plastic Rods, Tubes & Shapes
Plastic Sheets & Rolls
Unique Plastic Gifts
Adhesive / Repair
All Adhesive / Repair
Adhesives, Glues & Sealants
Double-Sided Velcro and Removable Mounting Tape
Fiberglass Repair
Foam & Insulation Materials
Plastic Adhesives
Plastic Repair
Fiberglass / Resins
All Fiberglass / Resins
Books & DVDs
Carbon Fiber Rolls and Specialty Fabrics
Epoxy Plastic Fillers and Resin Dyes
Epoxy Resins
Fiberglass Fabrics
Fiberglass Gel Coat
Fiberglass Polishes & Waxes
Mold Releases
Polyester Plastic Resins
Mold Making / Casting Resins
All Mold Making / Casting Resins
Modeling Materials
Mold Making Materials and Supplies
Resin Casting Molds and Products
Sculpture Materials and Supplies
Supplies & Tools
All Supplies & Tools
Fiberglass Application Supplies and Tools
Plastic Fabrication Tools
Window Films
All Window Films
Window Tint Films
Window Film Supplies & Tools
Laser Cut Letters / Signage
About TAP Plastics
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
This legal notice applies to all proprietary material available through this Internet site, www.tapplastics.com,
hereafter referred to as “this Site.”
Intellectual Property: Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio and video within this Site are the trademarks, service marks, trade names,
copyrights or other property of TAP Plastics (TAP Plastics’s Intellectual Property). All other unregistered and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing
contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of TAP Plastics’ Intellectual Property displayed on this
Site without the written permission of TAP Plastics.
Use of this Site: TAP Plastics maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse this Site. You may
download material displayed on this Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials.
You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, re-use, re-post, or use the content of this Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and
video without TAP Plastics’ written permission. Changes periodically are made to the information contained in this Site.
No Warranties; Limitation of Liability: THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TAP Plastics also assumes no responsibility,
and shall not be liable for any such damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of,
browsing in this Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site or any linked sites.
In no event shall TAP Plastics or any other party involved creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this Site, or any of their affiliates, or the officers, directors,
employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect,
exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of
or in connection with the use or performance of, or your browsing in, or your links to other sites from this Site.
Unaffiliated Products and Sites: Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned by TAP Plastics or its affiliates do not imply
endorsement of that product, publication or site. TAP Plastics has not reviewed all material linked to this Site and is not responsible for the content of any
such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.
Communications with this Site: You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous,
inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense,
give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. TAP Plastics will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or
directing TAP Plastics to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such information or materials.
Any communication or material you transmit to this Site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and
will be treated as, non confidential and non-proprietary. TAP Plastics cannot prevent the “harvesting” of information from this Site, and you may be contacted
by TAP Plastics or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site. Anything you transmit may be edited by or on behalf of TAP Plastics,
may or may not be posted to this Site at the sole discretion of TAP Plastics and may be used by TAP Plastics or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not
limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, TAP Plastics is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how,
or techniques contained in any communication you send to this Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and
marketing products using such information.
Although TAP Plastics may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on this Site, TAP Plastics is
under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission,
falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on this Site. TAP Plastics assumes no
responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this Site.
United States Governing Law: This Site was developed in the United States of America in accordance with and shall be governed by, and your browsing in and
use of this Site shall be deemed acceptable of, the laws of the State of California, United States of America. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Site may be
viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not
imply that TAP Plastics intends to make such products or services available in such countries.
How To
TAP Instructional Videos