http://www.pharmacy2u.co.uk/terms.html
Skip to main content
NHS Prescriptions
NHS Repeat Prescription Service
Frequently Asked Questions
NHS Prescription Prepayment Certificate
Testimonials
What is EPS?
Order Medication
Tell Your Friends
Online Doctor
Conditions
Erectile dysfunction
Hair loss
Weight loss
Situational anxiety
Acne
Eczema
Psoriasis
Rosacea
Genital herpes
Consultation
Treatment Prices
How it Works?
Patient Guide
Pharmacy
Private Prescriptions
News
Help & support
Home >
Terms & conditions
Terms & Conditions
These Terms & Conditions apply to your use of the www.pharmacy2u.co.uk website and every order placed with Pharmacy2U. We understand that legal documents such as these can be difficult to understand. For that reason, we have worked the Plain English Campaign to ensure they are easy to understand.
Introduction
We are Pharmacy2U, a limited company registered in England - company number 03802593. We are the largest online pharmacy in the UK and are registered with the General Pharmaceutical Council - registration number: 9010146).
We may change these Terms & Conditions from time to time.
Registration, accepting these Terms and our contract with you
The contents of this web site are directed solely at those who access the site from the UK. Your use of this website and any purchase by you on this website of any products is governed by English Law and will be deemed to have taken place in England and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Risk and title in the products will pass to you when they are despatched by us to you, from the UK, and you acknowledge and agree to be responsible for complying with any restrictions around the receipt and use by you of the products.
To register with and use this site you must be over 18 and the details which you give us must be true. You will be responsible for your use of this site and for your orders so please ensure that you keep your log-in details secure so that no-one else can misuse them. Pharmacy2U has taken care in the preparation of the content of this web site. To the fullest extent permitted by the law, Pharmacy2U disclaims all warranties of any kind with respect to the content of this web site.
Pharmacy2U and its directors or related companies shall not be liable for any losses or claims arising directly or indirectly from use of this web site except that this exclusion of liability does not apply to any damages in connection with death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Pharmacy2U, its directors or employees. All content of this web site is for information purposes only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice, rather it is designed to support, not replace, the relationship between you and your healthcare providers. You should make sure that you carefully read all product packaging and labels prior to use.
If you have, or suspect you may have a health problem you should consult your doctor. Please consult your doctor before taking any new product, particularly if you are already under medical care. Any links on this web site to other web sites are provided for your interest only and Pharmacy2U has no control over these sites and so no responsibility or liability for their content and the links do not imply any endorsement of content. If any of these terms are held to be invalid or unenforceable then the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected. Once an order has been placed, the transaction is processed manually at the premises.
Orders and Payment
Once an order has been placed, the transaction is processed manually at the premises of Pharmacy2U by our registered pharmacists who are members of the General Pharmaceutical Council. This website should be regarded as an invitation to treat. Any order placed by a customer is an offer to purchase, which Pharmacy2U may accept or decline in its absolute discretion without having to give a reason. A confirmation email is notification that we have received your offer on our website. A contract is deemed to be made at the point of a sale invoice being issued by Pharmacy2U following checking of orders by a pharmacist. We only deliver prescription medication within the UK.
Payment will usually be taken by Pharmacy2U at the time that goods are dispatched (except for payments using PayPal which are debited to the customer account at the time of placing the order). Where a customer payment is subsequently rejected or returned for any reason, the customer will be responsible for providing prompt alternative means of payment. In the event of default, reasonable collection charges and/or solicitors' fees will be added to the customer's account. EU residents pay the VAT inclusive price. Non-EU/exempt residents pay the exclusive price. All NHS Prescription Services provided by Pharmacy2U are provided on a "best endeavours" basis. Requests made electronically from this website will be forwarded to your doctor as soon as possible. By placing your request, you are instructing Pharmacy2U to request and collect your prescription from your GP. In order to ensure safe receipt of any electronic prescription issued in relation to your request, we may re-confirm your pharmacy nomination before this is forwarded to your doctor. Due to the range of third-party networks and innovative technology used for this transmission we are unable to guarantee a time of arrival of the request at your Doctor's surgery or absolutely guarantee that it will arrive at all. You are responsible for determining and checking if this request has been received.
Pharmacy2U will endeavour to ensure that all Prescription Only Medicines (POM) prices are correct on the website. In some cases, the prices may vary due to manufacturer price increase, product availability and/or special-order requirement. In such cases Pharmacy2U will contact you on receipt of the prescription to inform you of any price difference. We are legally only able to dispense medicines for you when we have received either an electronic prescription which has been digitally signed by a prescribing doctor or alternatively a conventional paper prescription signed in writing by a prescribing doctor. Prescriptions are issued entirely at the discretion of the prescriber.
Free NHS prescriptions
In some situations, patients are automatically entitled to free NHS prescriptions. You can check whether you’re entitled to receive free prescriptions here.
What information do we need?
When registering as a Pharmacy2U patient, we’ll ask whether you pay for your NHS prescriptions. If you’re entitled to free NHS prescriptions, we’ll ask the reason and if applicable when it’s due to expire. We’ll then remind you when your exemption is due to expire.
Pharmacy2U uses the NHS’s Real Time Exemption Checking (RTEC) system to confirm your exemption status. If it cannot confirm your exemption, we’ll use the information provided on your account.
We don’t ask for physical proof of your entitlement but it’s your responsibility to make sure the information we hold is accurate and up to date. You can do this through your online account or by contacting our Customer Care team. Read how to update us here.
The NHS carry out checks on the exemption status of patients. Anyone found to be claiming free prescriptions falsely, could be liable for a penalty fine. By supplying accurate information, you also ensure we don’t charge you incorrectly.
What happens when my exemption from paying NHS prescription charges expires?
If your exemption has expired and you have not updated us with new valid details, we may begin taking payment for prescription charges if you’ve given us your payment details. Without payment details it could delay our dispensing process while we make contact with you.
If you’ve been exempt from paying NHS prescription charges for one of the following reasons, you will need to pay for your prescriptions upon expiry.
You have a maternity exemption certificate
You are a child under 16 years old
You are aged between 16 and 18 and are in full time education
Any account with an expired exemption that holds valid payment details will be charged for their prescriptions.
In other instances we’ll continue to honour your entitlement to free prescriptions, unless informed of a change in circumstances.
Please note, without valid proof of your exemption, the NHS could issue you with a fine for making a false claim.
You can update your details by logging in to your online account or contacting us.
NHS prepayment certificates (PPC)
An NHS prepayment certificate (PPC) can help patients who are prescribed multiple regular medicines save money on their prescriptions. You can learn about and purchase PPCs online here. Having a valid PPC means you’ve already paid. Therefore, we won’t charge you for NHS prescriptions during the period covered by the PPC, and your account will be classed as ‘exempt from paying prescription charges’.
If your circumstances change, it’s still your responsibility to keep us up to date with accurate information.
Marketing & promotions
All offers on this site are subject to availability and whilst stocks last. No more than one discount offer code and/or voucher code may be used for a single order.
The discount code 10NEWCD can only be used once on the first ever order on Chemist Direct.
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Please see our Privacy Policy for details of what information we collect and how we will use and protect it. The information that you send to us will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
You authorise us, at any time, to use any means that we consider necessary to verify your identity and creditworthiness with any third-party providers of information.
Please note that in an emergency situation, we may need to contact a healthcare professional, social services or the emergency services without your consent, even where you have declined any of our offers to contact your GP. In addition, the following Terms and Conditions apply to users of the NHS Prescription Service.
Damaged items
If your prescription medicines appear to be damaged or if the delivery appears to be wrong then please contact 0113 265 0222 or email support@pharmacy2u.co.uk. We will make every effort to replace any damaged products.
Permission to View Your NHS Summary Care Record
Your Summary Care Record (SCR) contains information from your health record such as your current prescription details, allergies and any bad reactions to medication you have had in the past. It will also include your name, address, date of birth and your unique NHS Number to help identify you correctly. In providing care to you, Pharmacy2U would like to view your Summary Care Record in order to provide the best possible care for you from the most up to date information available. Whenever your record is accessed, the details will be recorded should you wish to question this at any point in the future. You can change this permission at any point just by contacting us. You can opt-out of having an SCR altogether and you should contact your GP practice who will record this, if this is your preference.
For more information on the Summary Care Record, please visit www.digital.nhs.uk/summary-care-records/patients
Intellectual property
All designs, text, graphics, their selection and arrangement on this website are the copyright of Pharmacy2U. Permission is granted to users to electronically copy or print portions of this site for their own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of materials on this site without Pharmacy2U’s prior written consent is strictly prohibited. All brand names, product, service names, titles and copyrights used in this site are trademarks, trade names, service marks or copyrights of their respective holders. No permission is given by Pharmacy2U for their use by any person other than the said holders and such use may constitute an infringement of the holders' rights. This contract is governed by English Law.
The above terms are subject to change due to the implementation of the Consumer Bill of Rights Act 2015.
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Contacting us
To contact us please phone us on 0113 265 0222 or email us at support@pharmacy2u.co.uk.
Changes to Terms & Conditions
This policy was last updated on 24th May 2018
DateChange
03/09/2015
Changes to Clause 11 - update of countries where prescriptions are delivered and removal of Google Checkout.
02/03/2016
Amends to countries where Pharmacy2U sends prescription products to.
20/07/2017
Addition stating - we will use your information to verify your identity with third party providers
12/12/2017
Addition stating - that in an emergency situation, we may need to contact a healthcare professional, social services or the emergency services without your consent, even where you have declined any of our offers to contact your GP.
20/12/2017
Addition - permission to view your NHS Summary Care Record
24/05/2018
Amended to incorporate GDPR (EU) 2016/679 legislation
07/04/2019
Addition of terms on the confirmation of nomination process
11/10/2019
Updated information around NHS exemption and pre-payment certificates
20/04/2020
Updated information around NHS Real Time Exemption Checking
Please select your prescription type
I don't have a Prescription
Start questionnaire
No Prescription? Visit our Online Doctor for a confidential private GP consultation.
Pharmacy2U are unable to prescribe this item through the Online Doctor service. We are able to fulfil private prescriptions.
For the options below, you will be required to post your paper prescription, (what is this) issued by your doctor to us, before we send you any medication.
I have a Private Prescription
Continue
I need to pay for my
Prescription
Continue
I don't pay for my
Prescription
Continue
You will be required to post your paper prescription, (what is this) issued by your doctor to us, before we send you any medication.