http://www.copia.com.au/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Copia values and respects the privacy and security of its clients. We maintain highest standards in the storage and disclosure of ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) so as to prevent unauthorized access. Personal Information is kept on our database either by the reason of services we offer to you or because we believe that clients could be interested in getting materials from us regarding our company and services. For this reason, we keep client details as well as the history of our customer relationship. This enables us to handle our customer relationships effectively.
COPIA is dedicated to being sure that your privacy is protected. We have assigned an individual or individuals who is/are accountable for compliance with our privacy policy. This is our Privacy Policy:
To provide you with our services, when you register with our website or supply your contact information on our website, we need to know your address, name, email and contact telephone numbers. At regular intervals, we may transfer your information to our customer service departments for analysis and research purposes to enable us to monitor and improve the services we offer. We or our representatives may also communicate with you through post, email or telephone to ask you for your comments and feedback on our services. We and our associated companies may want to offer you information regarding unique features of our site or some other products or service which we think may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such information, simply notify us at admin@copia.com.au.
By providing your personal data, you agree to the use of such information as prescribed in this Policy. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we are going to post the updates on this web page for you to know about the information we collect and the way we use it all the time. We will also send you an e-mail if we make any specific modifications to ensure you may consent to our use of your personal information in such wise.
Use of IP Address
An IP address is a number that is automatically allocated to your computer anytime you are surfing the net. It enables Web servers to automatically identify your computer. At times, we collect IP addresses so as to analyze entire information, carry out system administration, and to audit the use of our website.
Use of Cookies
Copia website make use of cookies for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make surfing the internet easier by saving your preferences while you are at our website. By indicating when and how visitors utilize our website, cookies allow us to find out which areas are relevant and which are not. A lot of improvements to the site are in line with this data as it can be best tracked with cookies.
The majority of browsers are set by default to allow cookies. But you can change the settings to notify you when a cookie is being sent or even decline all cookies. Be aware that certain areas of the Copia website may not function effectively or could be relatively slower if you reject cookies. For more information about how we use cookies please visit see our Cookies Policy.
Opting out:
Cookies. To delete cookies, simply close your web browser or turn off the computer’s power and the session cookies will be deleted automatically. To delete persistent cookies, you will need to manually delete them through your browser’s setting options. You can disable both session and persistent cookies by adjusting the settings on your web browser.
Marketing Communications. If you receive marketing communications from Copia and would no longer like to be contacted by us, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by sending us an email request to be opted out of marketing communications to admin@copia.com.au.
Links to Other Websites
When using the Copia website, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control. You may come across links to other websites on Copia website that gets you outside our service. These websites may solicit personally identifiable information, send their own cookies to users or collect data. The privacy policies of these third party sites may notably differ from that of Copia. We are not responsible the privacy procedures of any other website and do not guarantee the security of your personal data collected there.
Security of Personal Information
Securing all personally-identifiable information relating to our clients is of the greatest concern to us. The moment we obtain your data, we will take feasible measures to guarantee its security on our systems. But then, while we take all feasible measures to maintain the privacy of our users and ensure the security of their personal information, we cannot warrant or guarantee the security of any information you submit or disclose to us online and cannot be responsible for the identity theft, destruction, or unintended disclosure of such information.
Business Transitions
In the event Copia goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information might be among the assets transferred. You will not be notified in advance of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information.
Access to Your Own Data
You are entitled to request a copy of your personal data that we collect online and store in our database and to correct inaccuracies, or have us delete your data, by sending us an e-mail and we will act upon your request.
Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By accessing or using this website, you signify your consent to the Terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, do not utilize this site. The Privacy Policy is subject to modifications at any time without prior notice to you, to this extent be sure to check this page regularly for any updates. Your continued use of this website following the publishing of updates to this policy will mean you agree to those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries as regards your personal information including what we solicit and how it is utilized, contact us via email at admin@copia.com.au.
Recent Posts
Web Content Accessibility
My Health Records and Health Care Industries
Copia and Philips Dictation is Hosting a 30-minute Webinar
Welcome to Our Black Friday Sale!
The Importance of Patient Privacy
What’s Causing the Foot Control Behavior with SpeechLive?
3CX Web Client Unified Communication Software
SpeechExec Enterprise 5.0: Advancing Dictation and Workflow
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
August 2020
July 2020
Categories
Uncategorised