http://www.bedrug.com/privacy-policy
Live ChatBed Liners & MatsJeep Liners & KitsCargo Van MatsAccessories & Parts
Find Your Dealer
Local DealersOnline RetailersInternational Dealers
Special Offers
Home
Main Slideshow
About UsContact UsLog In
Select Your Vehicle
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the use of your Personal Information (as defined below) by any web sites or mobile web sites owned or operated by Bedrug, Inc., including the web site currently located at bedrug.com (the "Site"), any applications (e.g., iPhone applications, iPad applications, Android applications, etc.) offered by BedRug  and any other applications, interactive features, widgets and resources offered by bedrug.com through traditional Internet websites, mobile devices or other platforms (all of which are collectively referred to as the “Bedrug Service” or “Service”). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information, as defined below.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
We may collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, zip code, telephone number, e-mail address, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide to us or include in your bedrug.com profile or account ("Personal Information"). You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site, when you make a purchase or use any of our Services, or at other times. The decision to provide this information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to make purchases or use some or all of the features of the Site or Services. We do not disclose your Personal Information except as provided below.
Payment and Credit Card Information
To ensure the security of your payment and credit card information, we use a third-party processor for all our transactions. We do not save or otherwise share your payment information.  Your payment and credit card information are not considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data and Site Activity
In addition, we automatically collect information in connection with the actions you take on the Site ("Usage Data"). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. This anonymous usage information may be associated with your username and profile, but we do not disclose the associated information to third parties.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser). We also may use Web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage). We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the experience of the Site and Services, such as pre-populating your username for easier login. We do not use cookies or Web beacons to collect Personal Information. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Third-Party Providers and Advertisers (as such terms are defined below), may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.
How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information
Generally
We use Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to provide you with the Site and Services, to improve the Site and Services, to notify you of new products or Services, and to otherwise communicate with you about BedRug and information relating to your transactions. We will not directly disclose Personal Information to third parties except as explained in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose to third parties certain Usage Data regarding the Site and Services. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the Usage Data of others and does not identify you individually.
Third-Party Providers
From time to time, we may establish business relationships with other businesses who have privacy practices generally consistent with ours ("Third-Party Providers"). For example, we may contract with Third-Party Providers for certain services, such as order fulfillment, shipping, hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions. We only provide our Third-Party Providers with the information required to perform these services on our behalf. Each Third-Party Provider is contractually and/or legally required to use reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate for the type of information disclosed in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Third-Party Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by BedRug.
Advertising
We may work with third-party advertisers, search providers and ad networks ("Advertisers"). We do not share Personal Information with Advertisers, although we may share your vehicle information (e.g., type and model of vehicle). We may share anonymous Usage Data and other non-Personal Information with Advertisers. Advertisers may collect and use information about your use of the Site or Services as well as other Web sites and services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, but they are only able to push these promotions to you while you are on the Site or using the Services. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons in order to collect such information and push you promotions when they recognize you are on the Site or using the Services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that an Advertiser may collect from you. Advertisements may be shown via the Site, the Services, or on third-party web sites. You can visit the https://www.networkadvertising.org, which offers information about internet advertising companies and how to opt-out of their information collection.
Third-Party Services and Applications
Through the Site and the Services, you may have the ability to elect to access third-party services and applications, such as Facebook and other social networks. When you do so, you may be able to import information from those other services and applications and share content with those services. Some of those third-party services may also provide us with information from your accounts which may enable us to enhance and personalize your use of the Site and Services (e.g., so that you can follow your Facebook friends’ activity on the Site or Services). Any information you allow us to import from those third-party sites will become Personal Information and, if you elect to use such third-party services or applications through the Site or via the Services, the information you share with such third-party services and applications will be subject to their privacy policies and your privacy settings for such services. You also may be able to control or block such sharing by changing your privacy settings in such services or applications.
Other Transfers
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with BedRug.
If BedRug is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our reasonable judgment, the new entity intends to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
Your Choices; Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails. If you do not want to receive promotional messages about our products and services, you may unsubscribe from those emails by clicking the link in the footer of all promotional email messages. Alternatively, you may email Truck Hero customer service at any time and ask to be removed from our email list. It may take up to seven days for us to remove your email from our list. Even after that time, we may continue to send you email communications related to your transactions with us (e.g., emails regarding account notifications, purchases, billings, shipments, returns, customer support questions and similar information regarding your use of the Site and Services).
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your Web browser to refuse or remove cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Selections you make are device-specific and browser-specific, meaning that you may need to make your selections on each browser and on each device you use to access the Site.
About Our Ads / Interest-Based Advertising. We may work with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers, and other vendors to serve advertisements on the Site and in connection with the Services; to serve our advertisements elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding use of and traffic on the Site and in connection with the services. These advertisements may be tailored based on information collected automatically (through tracking tools like cookies and web beacons) about your activities in connection with the Site and other websites you visit, over time and across different devices, and across the various websites and platforms you visit. If you would prefer not to have your online activity tracked for purposes of receiving interest-based advertising you can opt-out with the NAI Consumer Opt-Out tool or the About Ads option.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the Site and our Services do not alter their practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
Your California Rights Regarding Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights with regard to your Personal Information:
Access / Portability– You may request, up to two times every 12 months, that we disclose to you the following: (i) the categories of Personal Information that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we have collected Personal Information about you; (iii) the categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed about you for our business purposes in the last 12 months and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was disclosed, by category or categories of Personal Information for each third party to whom the Personal Information was disclosed; and (v) the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion– You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions allowed under applicable law.
Opt-Out / Do Not Sell My Info– The NAI Consumer Opt-Out gives you the right to request to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your Personal Information by Truck Hero to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising the above rights. You may exercise these rights by calling 1-800-882-0846 or for more information check out the CCPA Request Support. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. Note that we may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain Personal Information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests. California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf. When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent.
If you are a California resident exercising your above rights to access, deletion, and/or sale opt-out, please note the following additional disclosures for purposes of exercising these rights:
If you are a California resident and wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline under California’s “Shine the Light” law, please submit your request through the CCPA Request Support form. You may also submit your request by email by sending your opt-out request to privacy@truck-hero.com or by mailing us at Truck Hero Attn: Customer Service – 4414 SW College Road, Suite 1410 Ocala, FL 34474. Please write “California Shine the Light” in the subject field of your email or include it in your written request. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or do not have complete information.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information as described under applicable California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; professional or employment information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
We collect these categories of Personal Information directly from you, passively from your devices, from service providers, from our affiliates, and from certain other parties, as described in our Privacy Policy.
We use these categories of Personal Information for our own business and commercial purposes, as described in our Privacy Policy.
We share or disclose these categories of Personal Information for our business and commercial purposes as described in our Privacy Policy.
We may “sell” the following categories of Personal Information as defined by California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); Internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
BedRug cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property or rights of Bedrug or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.  Please refer to the site’s Terms and Conditions for additional details.
Public Forums and Public Areas - Information You Make Available to Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on public forums on the Site, that information may be accessed by others. In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.
By using certain features of the Site or certain Services, your Personal Information may be made available to others. For example, if you post a comment in a public area of the Site, other users may see your user name and other information from your public profile, such as your location. The information you choose to make publicly available may be accessed by users who use the Site or Services and may be accessed by commercial search engines such as Google, Yahoo! and Bing to the extent that such engines are permitted to access the Site.
Security
Bedrug recognizes the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we employ commercially reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. In addition, we recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using our Site or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, we may change the Privacy Policy. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the revision date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Site or Services constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
×
×
"CCPA_OptOut not detected.""fast cache""site_page_cache active""USE CACHE:table""Cached Page"