http://www.rt11.com/privacy
Never miss a promo! Join our list of chip fans! JOIN NOW
Buy Chips
Lightly Salted
Barbeque
Dill Pickle
Sour Cream N Chive
Salt N Vinegar
Chesapeake Crab
Mama Zuma's Revenge
Salt and Pepper
Sweet Potato
No Salt
Gifts & Party Packs
Chip & Dip Kits
Gift Tins
Variety Packs
Route 11 Gear
Order for Pickup
About Us
Quality
Sustainability
Visiting Us
Press, Awards, & Love Mail
Fun Stuff
Contact Us
Wholesale Info
Home
privacy
Privacy Policy
At Route 11 Potato Chips, we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers. We pride ourselves on consistently providing our customers with quality products and excellent customer service. We gather personal information to allow us to process your orders efficiently.
What Information We Gather & Why
When you place an order with us, we collect Personal Information such as your name, street or P.O. Box, city, state, zip code, phone number, FAX number, e-mail address, and credit card number. This information is used to process your orders efficiently.
The e-mail address you provide us is used to verify receipt of your Internet Order and to confirm shipment of the Order. When we have a question with an Internet Order, we first try to contact you using your e-mail address. If we are unable to get in touch with you or if the order needs to be shipped as soon as possible, we will contact you using the telephone number you provided us. You will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders you have placed with our company.
If you opt in to our very rare newsletters, and potato chip special alerts, we will keep your email on file for that purpose only. If you decide that you'd rather not receive emails from us, please let us know at sales@rt11.com and we'll take you off our list.
We never share our customer information with third parties.
Security
Security remains the primary concern for our on-line customers. When you shop with us via the website, your order information is encrypted using a secure session established with Secure Socket Layer (SSL). We protect your personal information, including your credit card number using industry-standard encryption technology which scrambles the characters you type, making it almost impossible for a third party to intercept this information as it travels over the Internet. It is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to order transaction information.
Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Route 11 Privacy Policy, you can contact us by sending an e-mail to sales@rt11.com or calling us at 1-800-294-7783 or writing to us at:
Route 11 Potato Chips
11 Edwards Way
Mt.Jackson, VA 22842
Follow us
Sign up for our Email Newsletter
Never miss a
PROMO
Get promos and the next Route 11 Chips recipe by joining our mailing list!
Join Now