https://www.sayitwithsymbols.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Best Sellers **
Activities of Daily Living
Adult & Senior Care
Adult Picture Symbols
Community Activities
Better Health Care
Communication Boards & Books
Dementia & Memory Care
Lite Tech AAC Devices
New Products &
Special Offers
Personalized Name Stamps
|
Sign it with Stamps
Professionals
Spanish Communication Boards
Talking Mats Consultations
Transition Life Skills
Home
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting! Giving Greetings Publishing provides this on-line privacy policy to tell you about how we collect and use information so that you can make an informed choice about using this site, SayitwithSymbols.com.We can be reached regarding data privacy questions via e-mail at custserv@givinggreetings.com. Our mailing address is P.O. Box 456, Sudbury, Massachusetts 01776-0456 USA. By using this web site, you understand and agree as follows:1. The personal information collected from this site will NEVER be shared with any other persons or company and could be stored indefinitely.
2. Giving Greetings Publishing may use your customer contact information for a variety of purposes, including periodic direct marketing and e-mail marketing from our company, unless you opt out of receiving marketing solicitations (see below).  Use of Personal InformationWhen you visit this web site, some information may be collected automatically. In some situations, such as when you request information or services, order our products, or sign up for special offers from our web site, you may be asked to register and provide certain personally identifying information.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and to contact consumers for customer service and marketing purposes.We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.It it not our intent to sent you unwanted spam. If you supply us with your email address on-line you may receive periodic e-mailings from us with information on relevant new products. If you do not wish to receive such e-mailings, please let us know by sending an e-mail to to custserv@givinggreetings.com by calling or writing us at the above address. You can also Unsubscribe any time from our email messages.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on relevant new products. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an e-mail to custserv@givinggreetings.com or by calling or writing us at the above address.
We collect telephone numbers online so we may receive contact you regarding order related questions and customer service only. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at to custserv@givinggreetings.com or writing us at the above address.Giving Greetings Publishing is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites to which SayitwithSymbols.com may be linked. We encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of these sites before you provide them with personal information.Access to Personal InformationUpon request we offer visitors the opportunity to access and correct information that we maintain about them. This includes proprietary information that we maintain about them such as transaction information (e.g., types of customer purchases and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number, e-mail). Consumers can request this information by e-mailing us at the above address, writing or calling us at the above address.VerificationGiving Greetings Publishing self-certifies that this privacy policy is accurate, comprehensive and fully implemented. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us directly at custserv@givinggreetings.com or at the above address or phone number. Giving Greetings Publishing is committed to resolving any issues about privacy concerns.
OK