https://www.haenow.com/content/customers/terms-policies/
Wholesale Terms
Wholesale Orders placed by customers (“Buyer”) with HAE Now, Inc. (“Seller”) are subject to the following policies:
DAMAGED GOODS:
If goods arrive damaged in transit, Buyer must keep all original packaging and contents and let Seller know within 5 days of receipt.
FLAWS/SHORTAGES/CLAIMS:
Buyer should inspect for flaws, shortages and specifications and make any claims within 15 days. We may provide a free replacement or give you a refund at our discretion. We will provide free return labels if required. Please note Seller cannot be responsible for shortages when shipments are directed to a third party. No returns or refunds are possible if product has been printed, altered or modified in any way. Seller cannot accept returns on any products sold and purchased as “seconds”.
RETURNS/EXCHANGES/CANCELLATIONS:
All sales are considered final. Returns, if requested and allowed as an exception, require a prior RMA number. It takes 7-10 business days for credits to be processed. Cancellations must be submitted via fax or email. There is a cancellation fee of $25 plus any shipping costs incurred on order. Non-accepted shipments are treated as cancellations.
PAYMENT TERMS:
We offer the following payment options:
Credit-card (Visa/MC/Discover): Charged upon shipment.
Net 15/30 day terms with check payment (requires credit approval).
Pre-pay check/ Check on receipt (if backed by credit card authorization).
Credit-card payment may be required on first and sample orders. Seller reserves the right to modify or terminate the payment terms allowed to Buyer at any time. Seller may require advance payment on any or all orders, if at any time Seller determines there is a satisfactory reason to do so.
DEFAULT:
Should Buyer become delinquent in payment, no further credit will be extended and existing orders may be suspended or terminated. Buyer will be required to pay interest at the rate of 1.5% per month, or the maximum amount allowable by applicable law, whichever is greater, on any overdue amounts. Returned checks will be charged back to the Buyer and incur a $25 penalty. Buyer further agrees to pay all collection costs on any delinquent payments including reasonable attorney’s fees. In the event, any legal action is filed the courts of Contra Costa County and the State of California will have jurisdiction over this matter and both parties.
FAILURE TO FULFILL:
Seller cannot be held liable for any failure or delay in furnishing the product due to any cause, including but not limited to acts of God, terrorist activities, war, civil disturbance, governmental acts, vendor and labor difficulties or delay of carriers. Upon the occurrence of any event which results in failure or unreasonable delay, Buyer may cancel the order and receive refund on any advance paid.
NO RESPONSIBILITY:
Buyer acknowledges that Seller assumes no responsibility for any work performed by any vendor, including those that may have been referred by Seller. Buyer will conduct due diligence and hereby waives any right to assert any claim against Seller for work performed by any other firm or entity.