http://www.tweezerman.com/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice
legal
privacy policy
terms of use
social responsibility
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy last updated August 4, 2016.
Our Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use www.zwillingbeautyus.com and any other websites, social media platforms including, without limitation Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram and services that are owned and/or controlled by us (collectively, the “Website”).
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how ZWILLING J.A. HENCKELS (“Company”, “we,” or “us”) collects and uses the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Website and our products and services.
your consent
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what limited circumstances, if ever, we disclose it. Continued access or use of our Website shall constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites, even if we communicate with you on those sites. For example, if you post something on Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those websites, and is not governed by this policy.
what information we collect?
When you visit our Website you may provide us with two types of information: Personal Information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website. "Personal Information" is information that can be used to identify you (whether alone or in combination), such as your first and last name, email address, zip code/post code, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment card information, age, and any other information you choose to provide.
We engage third parties, such as Google’s Analytics to provide analytics about the use of our Website. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, and other technologies to automatically collect information about your use of the Website, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
email information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
how do we use the information that you provide to us?
Broadly speaking, we use Personal Information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new products and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the address listed below.
what are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to sites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
how do we use information we collect from cookies?
As you browse or shop on our Website, the Website uses its cookies to differentiate you from other shoppers so your shopping cart is only available to you. In some cases, we may use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Website server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Website and which parts of the Website are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Website and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
notice of new services and changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive these offers by sending us an email at the address listed below.
children
Our Website is intended for a general audience and not directed to children under 13 years of age.
We do not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) (“Children’s Personal Information”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA, and for any children’s or mixed-use portions of our Website (if any) we will comply with COPPA.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please contact us at by sending a letter to the address listed below (Attention: Legal) and we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.
Parents may want to consider commercially available parental control protections to limit what minors can access online and/or monitor their minor children’s online activities.
Examples include:
www.netnanny.com; www.webwatcher.com and www.sentrypc.com.
We do not endorse these or other services and are not responsible for them.
data security
We take reasonable steps to have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to help protect your Personal Information. This may include, in appropriate circumstances, use of Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information collected through our Website.
contact us
We are always interested in what our customers have to say. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
ZWILLING J.A. HENCKELS
2 Tri Harbor Court
Port Washington, NY 11050
info@zwilling.com
1(800)645-3340
Privacy NoticePrivacy Notice for Tweezerman.com
Last Updated: February 13, 2020
INTRODUCTION
Tweezerman’s mission is to provide consumers with high quality, innovative, and best in class beauty tools. Tweezerman belongs to the ZWILLING Beauty Group, a leading beauty tool company with subsidiaries and production sites in the US, Europe, India, and China. We place an emphasis on consumer loyalty and brand integrity. Given our focus on people and dedication to our customers, we understand that you care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously.
This Privacy Notice describes Tweezerman’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data through this website, Tweezerman.com, as well as the features available on the website (Site), and sets forth your opportunity to make choices about how we collect, use and share your data. Our goal is to let you know in a clear and easily accessible way how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal information. We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Notice as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.
Our Privacy Notice outlines:
The Catagories of personal information we collect;
How and why we collect your personal information;
How your personal information is used and protected;
When and with whom we share your personal information;
What choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information; and
How you can contact us should you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or your information.
This Site and the products and services available on this Site are directed to and provided for our customers in the United States. The data collection and processing practices of other entities in the ZWILLING Beauty Group, including entities that may operate in the EU, are governed by their own privacy policies. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to any products or services that display, reference, or link to a different privacy statement. By visiting Tweezerman.com and using the features and services available through the site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
This Privacy Notice focuses on personal information – information that identifies you or reasonably can be linked to information that identifies you.
We collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to deliver the products and services you request, provide you with the very best shopping experience and ongoing customer support, offer personalized recommendations and services tailored to your interests, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, and protect the security of our systems and our customers. We collect information about you in various ways when you visit our Site including information you provide directly, information about how you use our Site and services, information collected automatically and information received from third-party data sources.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY:
We collect personal information you provide to us. For example, when you communicate with us, we collect your name, email address, and other personal information you provide. This also includes information you share with us, such as when you:
Create an account on this site;
Complete an online purchase or other transaction with us, including processing payments;
Participate in our programs, such as our rewards and referral program;
Subscribe to receive emails or other communications from us;
Request customer service or contact us;
Post a review or comment on one of our social media pages, or post a rating, review or other user-generated content on our site; or
Participate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or survey.
Please note that we use Braintree Payment Services to process all online payments. Braintree is a payments platform that many of the largest online merchants use to accept payments in mobile apps and websites. Tweezerman does not receive information related to your financial or credit card account used to purchase products on our Site. You may review Braintree’s privacy and security policy here https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy.
INFORMATION REGARDING HOW YOU USE OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING INFORMATION ABOUT:
Products you purchase so that we can offer ongoing customer service;
How you engage with our site and services;
Products for which you may have expressed an interest; or
Your past communications with customer service.
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES:
We may also receive information from other sources to help us supplement our records, improve the personalization of our service to you, and detect fraud.  Our goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business. Third-party sources of information may include:
Applications and services, such as social networks, that make users’ information available to others;
Partners with which we jointly provide services; or
Publicly-available sources, such as public posts or public databases.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY:
As further described in the Cookies and Similar Technologies section below, when you use our Site, some information is collected automatically. For example, our web servers automatically log your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, the website you visited before our Site, and your activity on our Site.
Cookies And Similar Technologies:
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate our Site and to help collect data.  Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well.
We use cookies to operate and improve our Site and enhance your experience, such as determining which areas and features are popular, and to counting visits to our website.
Our web pages may also contain electronic images known as web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs) that we use to help deliver cookies, count users, and gather usage and performance data. We may also include web beacons in our email messages or newsletters to determine whether you open and act on them.
Our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide services on our behalf, such as web hosting, site functionality, or site analytics. Because your browser connects to those third parties' web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
Service Providers:
BrainTree: https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Pinterest: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy
Mailchimp: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Yotpo/Swell: https://www.yotpo.com/privacy-policy/
You can use browser controls to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies. Instructions for blocking or deleting cookies may be available in each browser's privacy or help documentation. Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, certain website features that depend on cookies may no longer function. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies may be deleted and may need to be recreated.
REFER A FRIEND PROGRAM:
We invite you to introduce your friends to our products and services. When you refer a friend through our referral program, we keep track of your referrals so that we can provide you with the rewards you earn by participating with us. We do not, however, add your friend’s name or email address to our customer database or email marketing lists until that individual engages with us directly. Our service provider for this program is Yotpo Loyalty.
SOCIAL MEDIA:
Tweezerman uses third-party services such as Facebook, Twitter, Vimeo, Pinterest and YouTube to communicate and interact with our customers. These services are controlled and operated by third parties. By interacting with us through these third-party services, you may be providing these third parties with personal information. Any information collected by a third-party service is subject to the privacy policies of the third-party service provider.
HOW TWEEZERMAN USES YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our services. The data collected allows us to deliver the products you request as well as customize your account and our interactions with you. The information collected can also be used to:
Conduct survey and market research to enhance our product offerings;
Allow you to engage with us via comments; user-generated FAQs and reviews;
Respond to your questions, comments, and suggestions;
Communicate to you about our services, especially products and services we think may be of interest to you;
Offer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests; or
Protect against, identify and investigate fraud, or other harmful or illegal activity
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. While Tweezerman strives to maintain the security and integrity of our network and system, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent individuals with malicious intents or hackers from illegally obtaining information.
WHEN AND HOW DOES TWEEZERMAN SHARE YOUR INFORMATION:
Tweezerman on occasion may share information we collect about you:
To comply with legal or regulatory requests;
With current and future corporate affiliates including parent and sister companies;
With partners of co-sponsored programs;
With service providers such as marketing support, shipment providers, customer service and payment partners; or
With your consent and at your direction
When you provide a product review, question, answer or otherwise interact with a public post on our site, other users may be able to see your name, and additional information about you that you may post.
WHAT CHOICES CAN YOU MAKE ABOUT YOUR DATA:
When you are asked to provide personal information on our Site, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide information that is necessary for us to provide our products or services, we may not be able to provide those products or services to you.
You may review or modify your Tweezerman account information at any time by logging into our Site. To delete your account, please email Privacy@Tweezerman.com.
You may choose to no longer receive promotional or educational emails from us at any time by clicking ‘Unsubscribe’ at the footer of any of our emails and follow the instructions provided. Please note that we may still continue to send you non-promotional or educational emails such as legal notifications or transactional emails (order confirmation, tracking emails, product review requests).
You can also decide to restrict cookies. By default most web browsers are designed to accept cookies, however you can usually set your browser to reject or remove browser cookies. Please note that this could impact the functionality and availability of certain features on our Site.
Do Not Track: Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our site does not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls described above.
OUR ADVERTISEMENTS:
Tweezerman's third-party service providers serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
Remarketing/ Retargeting: "Remarketing" or "Retargeting" is used when, for example, for advertising purposes is noted which products a user is interested in on a website in order to remind the user on other websites of these products, e.g. in advertisements. Cookies are usually used for retargeting purposes.
Custom Audiences: Custom audiences are people who are targeted for advertising purposes, e.g. the display of advertisements. For example, based on a user's interest in certain products or topics on the Internet, it may be concluded that the user is interested in advertisements for similar products or the online shop in which he has viewed the products. "Lookalike audiences" are users whose profiles or interests presumably correspond to the users for whom the profiles were created. Cookies and web beacons are usually used for the purpose of creating custom audiences and lookalike audiences. "Custom Audiences from Website" means that the target groups are formed on the basis of visitors of the own website. "Custom Audiences from File" means that, for example, a list of e-mail addresses is uploaded to the respective advertising network or platform to form the target group.
Some of these ads may be personalized for you based on information collected from your use of the Site. Please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page athttp://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp if you do not wish to receive personalized ads from Tweezerman on third-party websites. The Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) offers useful information about Internet advertising companies, including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members. See http://www.networkadvertising.org/participating-networks for the list of NAI members.
CHILDREN:
Our services are not intended nor designed for children. We do not knowingly collect any information including personal information from children. If you believe that a child may have provided information to us, please email us at Privacy@tweezerman.com and we will remove that information from our databases.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS:
As a resident of California, you have a right to request:
access to the personal information we collect and maintain about you.
deletion of personal information that we have collected from you
the categories of your personal information that we have shared or sold about you, if applicable
opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if applicable
As explained in section [] above, Tweezerman does not sell your personal information or share it with third parties except in very limited circumstances.  If you are a California resident and you would like to exercise any of your rights under California law, please contact us using one of the three options provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to contact us with any questions or concerns. Please note that we may be required to take additional steps to verify your identity before providing you with access to personal information or deleting personal information.
If you are a California resident under 18 years of age, you can request that we remove any content or information that you may have posted to our website. To request removal of content or information, please email us at Privacy@Tweezerman.com. Please note that although we will do our very best to honor all requests, we cannot guarantee a fully comprehensive removal especially in cases where content or information may have been re-posted or shared by another user.
EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS:
As noted above, this Site and the products and services available on this site are directed to and provided for our customers in the United States. However, if you believe the processing of personal information about you is subject to European Union Data Protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data if EU law does apply:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;
If any automated processing of personal information is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of your personal information in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing; and
You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances.
To make such requests, please contact us at the address provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice. We encourage you to contact us with any questions or concerns.
CONTACT US:
Mail: Tweezerman International, LLC
ATTENTION: LEGAL
2 TRI HARBOR COURT
PORT WASHINGTON, NY 11050-4617
Phone: 1-800-645-3340
Email: Privacy@Tweezerman.com
GET THE LATEST FROM TWEEZERMAN. Sign up now to get 10% off your first order.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Join