https://www.chacodog.com/terms_of_use#2
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to ChacoDog.com. ChacoDog.com provides its services to you subject to the following conditions.
If you visit or shop at ChacoDog.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
Payment Policy
Shipping Policies
Return Policy
General Terms of Use
Payment Policy
Credit Cards
Chacodog.com accepts credit card payments by VISA, Mastercard and Discover cards. The website is set
up as a real-time processor of credit cards with the programming on our site designed to debit inventory from stock
as it is purchased. Upon verification and approval of a credit card charge for merchandise, an automatic update to
our inventory count causes a “Sold” sign to appear on any item which is sold out. Our credit card purchasing system
is protected by 128-bit SSL encryption. When a credit card charge is sent from our site for processing, all
information is encrypted to ensure secure transmission of card information and the website receives an
encrypted reply from the card processor concerning verification of the charges to the card.
Credit card payments are our preferred method of doing business because this integrated
system causes our inventory count to be updated via the card processing procedure and all necessary
information for shipping and contacting the client if necessary (by e-mail or phone) is gathered in the
process of a credit card purchase. Credit card purchasing also allows us to keep things moving by shipping
right away to the purchaser.
Layaway and Time Payments
We do not have a layaway or time payment plan. We pay the artists up front for their work (we do not
believe in consignment) and we must be paid in full for an item in order to remove it from our website. Layaway
is a financing arrangement which involves administrative paperwork, segregating inventory and an extra “cost of
carry” on the merchandise. We realize that some other websites engage in this practice, but it has very real costs
and they are imputed in the prices on a website. We refuse to add an extra layer of cost onto all of our merchandise
so that we can finance time payments. We are a source for authentic, traditional American Indian goods and we love
that pursuit. We are not bankers and if we engage in running a finance business, the quality of our real business
will suffer. Our purpose is to charge a fair price, beat the competition in terms of price (as often as possible)
and always in terms of quality and keep our merchandise moving so that we can inject more money into the Indian
economy through regular purchases of new inventory. We hope that you will understand that this strategy keeps us
true to our goal and is the principal reason for our reasonable prices and constant addition of new inventory to
the website.
Domestic & International Shipping Methods
Chacodog ships via the United States Postal Service for both domestic and international shipments.
With over 2,000 shipments sent, the USPS has never lost, nor damaged one of our packages. We find their
services to be fast and efficient and reasonably-priced. Our postage is purchased directly via the internet
and all of our domestic packages are shipped with zip + 4 digits to addresses verified by the USPS data base
of deliverable addresses in the United States. This feature results in all addresses on our domestic shipping
labels being bar-encoded and facilitates fast sorting and rapid transit through the system. All of our
domestic shipments are:
Insured for full value of the contents
Sent with USPS Delivery Confirmation
International shipments are sent by United States Postal Service. Delivery time for international
shipments ranges from 3 to 7 days for delivery to the Customs Service of the destination country. Customs Services
generally function rapidly and efficiently for such packages, but delays can be variable and are attributable to
specific Customs Service and inspection procedures. All of our international shipments are:
Insured for full value
Sent by Airmail
Domestic & International Shipping Charges
Chacodog charges a basic handling fee on all packages shipped. Our handling fee covers the
materials used in shipment and helps defray the cost of labor in carefully packaging your shipment. Because of
the care given to each shipment, we have not had one damaged shipment out of more than 2,000 packages shipped.
Total shipping and handling fees are calculated by adding the base handling fee to a value-based calculation.
The value-based portion is calculated at one dollar ($1) per hundred-dollar value of merchandise (which is tied
to insurance costs). For domestic shipments we have added the possibility for customers to choose USPS Priority
Mail for a nominal additional cost ($2).
$5 Domestic handling fee
$7 International handling fee
Example of domestic charges:
Merchandise value: $250
Standard S&H: $5 (handling fee) + $3 (value-based) = $8
USPS Priority S&H: $5 (handling fee) + $3 (value-based) + $2 (Priority upgrade) = $10
Example of international charges:
Merchandise value: $250
International S&H: $7 (international handling fee) + $3 (value-based) = $10
Return Policy
Chacodog.com is committed to customer satisfaction. If, for any reason, you are dissatisfied with a product
purchased from this website, please return it. There are some guidelines for returns and they are as follows:
Merchandise must be returned in the same state as it was shipped to the buyer.
For a credit card purchase to be re-credited to the card, the item must be returned and received by
Chacodog.com within 30 days of the date of purchase (in accordance with VISA, Mastercard & Discover merchant
agreement rules).
You do not need to justify or explain a return of merchandise. Simply follow these guidelines and your card
will be promptly re-credited.
Shipping and insurance costs involved in the purchase are not refundable.
Common Sense & Courtesy Concerning Returns
If you feel the turquoise is not the same color as what you perceived on the web, take the item outdoors and
view it under natural light. All items are photographed outdoors in order to show the most accurate representation
of color with a full spectrum of natural light. Turquoise will generally appear darker and greener under artificial
light. If you’re still not satisfied, return the item immediately.
Please return the item promptly to facilitate prompt re-crediting of the card. The credit card processors
will not refund Chacodog’s processing fees after 30 days from the transaction.
Please be so kind as to drop an email to Chacodog alerting us to watch out for your return.
Please pack the item carefully. It was packed very carefully to ship to you because one-of-a-kind items
cannot be replaced by insurance money. We cannot re-credit an item that arrives to us from you damaged in transit.
We encourage you to save the original packing materials and make use of them in the event of a return.
Do not bend or “re-size” a bracelet until you’ve determined that you wish to keep it. Do not alter the finish of jewelry through polishing or oxidation until you’ve determined that you wish to keep it.
Send Returns To:
Chacodog.com
1716 Main St.
Suite A, PMB285
Longmont, CO 80501-7413
jim@chacodog.com
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to ChacoDog.com, to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit ChacoDog.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to
receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this
site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you
electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads,
data compilations, and software, is the property of ChacoDog.com or its content suppliers and protected by United
States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of
ChacoDog.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property
of ChacoDog.com or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
ChacoDog.com grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than
page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of ChacoDog.com. This license
does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product
listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of
account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering
and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold,
visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of ChacoDog.com. You may
not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including
images, text, page layout, or form) of ChacoDog.com and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not
use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing ChacoDog.com's name without the express written consent of
ChacoDog.com. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by ChacoDog.com. You are granted a
limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of ChacoDog.com so long as the link
does not portray ChacoDog.com, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive
matter. You may not use any ChacoDog.com logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without
express written permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for
restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under
your account or password.  If you are under 18, you may use ChacoDog.com only with involvement of a parent or
guardian. ChacoDog.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit
content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions,
ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening,
defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third
parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial
solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address,
impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. ChacoDog.com
reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted
content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant ChacoDog.com a nonexclusive,
royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish,
translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
You grant ChacoDog.com the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the
content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to
any person or entity; and that you will indemnify ChacoDog.com for all claims resulting from content you supply.
ChacoDog.com has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
ChacoDog.com takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
ChacoDog.com and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been
copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact
jim@ChacoDog.com
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from ChacoDog.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and
title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
ChacoDog.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, ChacoDog.com does not warrant that
product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a
product offered by ChacoDog.com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY CHACODOG.COM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. CHACODOG.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT,
MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, CHACODOG.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
CHACODOG.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM CHACODOG.COM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. CHACODOG.COM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS
SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU,
AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to ChacoDog.com or to products you purchase through ChacoDog.com shall
be submitted to confidential arbitration in Louisiana, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or
threatened to violate ChacoDog.com's intellectual property rights, ChacoDog.com may seek injunctive or other
appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Louisiana, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction
and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the
American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court
of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall
be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration
proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to ChacoDog.com. We
reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these
conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable
and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
OUR ADDRESS
Chacodog.com
1716 Main St.
Suite A, PMB285
Longmont, CO 80501-7413
http://www.ChacoDog.com