http://www.flatcreeksaddle.com/privacy-statement
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebarHome
About Jackson Hole
Cool Links
Shop
Search Products
Your Account
Shopping Cart
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.Flatcreeksaddle.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access To and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or telephone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We do not currently collect sensitive information (such as credit card data) online, however, if at a future date we determine it is necessary to collect this type of data via our website, that information will be encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Please read our Terms of Use.
sidebarPage SidebarProducts
Saddles
- Association- Wades- Roper- Trail- Packer- All Around Saddles- Cutters- Reiner- Cowhorse- Barrel- YouthTeam Ropes