http://www.navygear.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
×
Please log in to your account to streamline this and future checkouts. Once you are verified with ID.me, you will get your discount on all future orders automatically!
1) Click the 'Log In To Your Account' button below
2) Log into your account using your email and password
3) Once you are logged in and back to the cart, click the 'Verify with ID.me button'
4) Once you are verified, you will see your discount on each item in your cart for this order and all future orders!
If you choose to checkout as a guest, you will will get the 10% Military discount, but will not be able to combine with other discount offers. Create an account to get the maximum savings.
Log in to your account
Continue as a guest
CURRENT PROMOTION - CHECK IT OUT!
OUR COVID-19 RESPONSE - LEARN MORE
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ORDERS $65
message
Close
Privacy Policy
Security/Privacy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the Armed Forces Gear web sites(our parent company). Because these web sites want to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices. By displaying the privacy policy, this web site has agreed to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Armed Forces Gear control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Information Collection and Use
Armed Forces Gear is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Armed Forces Gear collects information from our users at several different points on our web site.
Information Requests
A user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not share, sell or distribute your Personal Data with unrelated third parties, except under these limited circumstances:
Personal Data may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act for us for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected or for purposes to which you have subsequently consented.
We may share or transfer the information in our databases to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this Web Site, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Armed Forces Gear is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes.
What is ID.me?
X
You can receive discounts, cashback and many more exclusive offers while shopping online by verifying your eligibility with ID.me. Different retailers offer different opportunities – just for being you. You can find this offer and everything else at ID.me
Who Is Eligible?ID.me offers discounts and special offers for the military, first responders, students and many more communities. Sign up now to discover exclusive and unique offers.
How Do I Verify?You can verify by clicking on the appropriate ID.me button on the Checkout page. Simply follow the prompts and the steps provided in order to verify. You can also sign up by visiting ID.me.
What Happens When I Verify My Status? Once your credential is verified, you will immediately receive your offer. You are also now able to visit the ID.me Marketplace where you can login to find discounts and offers specially curated for you.
Can I Provide My Discount To Non-Eligible Friends?No, this program is only for eligible members. ID.me employs technology that can detect fraudulent use across accounts and reserves the right to revoke access/membership from anyone abusing the terms of usage.
Does Signing Up For ID.me Mean I'll Start Receiving Newsletters And Promotions From ID.me?
No, you may receive a message inviting you to opt in to relevant communications, but you are not required or automatically signed up for these newsletters. You will receive a single confirmation email that requires action to confirm your account set-up, but that is only to complete the account set-up process. For more information on ID.me's Privacy Policy, click here.
Where Can I Learn More About ID.me?To learn more about the offers and benefits of ID.me, or for company information, please visit ID.me, our FAQ page, or our About page.
Having Trouble?ID.me is standing by to assist you with account verification 24 hours a day. For assistance call 1-866-775-IDME or email help@id.me.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection
We use cookies to ensure that we are give you the best experience on our website. If you accept then we assume that you are understand this. Learn more
Accept