http://www.canadiankitecompany.com/pages/privacy
Payments, Privacy, Security
The Great Canadian Kite Company website is provided for the convenience of those who wish to use it, as long as it is used in a courteous, business like and legal manner. IP addresses of each user are recorded when the site is accessed, and anyone attempting to disrupt the information being provided or the service being offered, will be reported to the appropriate authorities.
Pricing: We attempt to keep all pricing information current, but with fluctuations in the value of our currency, and consequently our supply costs, all pricing is subject to change without notice.
Payment: We accept VISA, MasterCard  Apple Pay and PayPal. You do NOT require a PayPal account to make a purchase from the Great Canadian Kite Company.
Pre-paid VISA / Mastercards: Pre-paid debit cards are still subject to the Address Verification Service (AVS) check.  In order for an AVS check to come back as valid, a cardholder would have to register his or her card with the issuing financial institution. Unregistered cards will most likely be declined.INTERAC Email Money Transfer is a service available from major Canadian chartered banks and other financial institutions. Email your payment for the full amount separately to: sales@canadiankitecompany.comUpon notification of successful receipt of payment, your order will be shipped.
Money Order: You are welcome to pay for your order via Money Order from a Canadian Financial Institution. Money orders for the full amount may be mailed to:
Great Canadian Kite Company4517 Harvest GreenTaber, Alberta. T1G 1A1
Orders will be shipped when Money Order has been cleared.
Order by Phone. Please feel free call us Toll free 1-877-382-3956 (9am-9pm MST) to place your order.
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales1@canadiankitecompany.com or mailing us at:
Great Canadian Kite Company
4517 Harvest Green Taber Alberta CA T1G 1A1
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then your credit card data is stored and it is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard,and  American Express.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where.
Google Analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site.  Collecting demographic information helps better understand the needs of our customers and better tailor their shopping experience with us.  The kinds of information collected includes such things as general location the site is being visited from, the device and browsers used while visiting our store, how you came to our store, what page you landed on, which pages you visited and how long you were visiting our store.   We also collect information on the age and gender of our shoppers.  Again, this information is used to help us better understand our customers with the goal of providing an pleasant customer experience.We like our customers to know that they can opt out of Google Analytics in our store and the many, many other stores that use Google Analytics.  Please click here for more information: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales1@canadiankitecompany.com or by mail at
Great Canadian Kite Company
4517 Harvest Green Taber Alberta CA T1G 1A1
Recently posted
5 Reasons Kites make great Christmas gifts
October 28, 2020
5 Reasons Kites Make Great Gifts - Fathers Day
June 01, 2020
Ray Bethel - Tribute
July 03, 2019
Nic O'Neill Flies Kites!
June 24, 2019
Buy your Kites in Canada. Exchange Rates & Other Considerations
January 08, 2019
It's a Spring Thing - Revolution Reflex Kites
October 23, 2018
Home
/ Payments, Privacy, Security
Privacy, Security & Payment
Returns or Exchanges
Shipping &Taxes
US & International
After Sales Support
Basic Kite Safety
Copyright © 2020 Great Canadian Kite Company. Ecommerce Software by Shopify.