http://www.rowepottery.com/privacy
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Menu
Corporate GiftingGift BoxesNew ArrivalsCollectionsCustom & PersonalizedCollectiblesSeasonalSale
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Contact Information
Rowe Pottery Works, Inc.110 Main StreetCambridge, WI 53523
sales@rowepottery.com
(608) 423-3363
Information Collected During your Visit
Prior to creating an account, logging in, or placing an order, our website automatically detects and stores your IP address and other anonymous information regarding your visit. This information is used to improve the design and performance of our site.
After creating an account, logging in, or beginning the order process, we request and store additional information from you, including but not limited to your name, your address, your phone number, and your e-mail address.
The information that we request that you provide is used to place your order. We store information regarding your prior orders to assist with customer service.
You may choose not to provide us with personal information about yourself, but this may prevent us from processing your order.
Use of Your Information
Information collected from you is used to improve the performance and design of our website and to process any orders that you have placed.
We do not disclose information collected about you to third parties for marketing purposes.
We will not use your e-mail for marketing purposes unless you have explicitly requested that we add you to our list. You may request to be removed from our list at any time.
We will not use your telephone number for marketing purposes.
We may periodically deliver information, including catalogs, promotional material, and flyers, to your mailing address. You may request that we no longer send you mail at any time.
If we feel it is necessary to do so, we will disclose information collected about you at the request of a government agency conducting an investigation.
Changes to this Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes. Changes will apply to data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, feel free to review this page at any time.
Managing your Information
You may manage, correct, and change personal information by visiting the following link:
https://www.rowepottery.com/customer/account/
Security
We have taken appropriate measures to protect the information that you have provided to us against loss and misuse.
Questions
If you have any questions about this policy, feel free to contact us using any of the methods listed above.