http://www.cheapfabrics.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
UK STANDARD DELIVERY  |  LIGHTWEIGHT ONLY £1.95  |  FLAT RATE £3.95  |  NEXT DAY DELIVERY FROM £7.99
menu
FABRICS
HABERDASHERY
SALE
NEW
COLLECTIONS
SHAWLS & WRAPS
SEWING PATTERNS
GIFT CARD
Login
Wishlist (0)
Search
0Wishlist
0
Cart
By Use
Dressmaking Fabric
Bridal Fabrics
Showtime Fabrics
Curtain Fabric
Craft Fabric
Waterproof Fabric
By Type
African Fabric
Bi-Stretch Fabric
Brocade Fabric
Calico Fabric
Canvas Fabric
Chiffon Fabric
Corduroy Fabric
Cotton Fabric
Crepe Fabric
Cross-Stitch Fabric
Denim Fabric
Drill Fabric
Faux Fur Fabric
Faux Leather / Leatherette Fabric
Faux Silk Fabric
By Type 2
Faux Suede / Suedette Fabric
Felt Fabric
Fleece Fabric
Georgette Fabric
Gingham Fabric
Hessian Fabric
Jacquard Fabric
Jersey & Modal Fabric
Jute Fabric
Lace Fabric
Lame / Metallic Fabric
Linen Fabric
Lining Fabric
Muslin Fabric
Neoprene Fabric
By Type 3
Organza Fabric
Polycotton Fabric
PVC Fabric
Quilting & Patchwork Fabric
Satin Fabric
Scuba Fabric
Silk Fabric
Stretch Fabric
Taffeta Fabric
Tartan Fabric
Tulle & Netting Fabric
Velvet Fabric
Viscose / Rayon Fabric
Voile Fabric
Velveteen Fabric
Seasonal
Halloween Fabric
Christmas Fabric
Winter Fabrics
Valentine's Day Fabric
Spring Fabric Collection
Summer Fabrics
Offers
Fabric Under £2.50 Metre
Fabric Remnants
Bulk Buys
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Haberdashery
Arts & Craft
Buttons
Cord, Bias Binding & Curtain Tape
Dressmaking
Fabric Dyes, Paints & Pens
Feathers
Hand Sewing Kits & Accessories
Hand Sewing Needles
Lingerie Accessories
Pins & Safety Pins
Repairs
Rhinestones
Haberdashery 2
Ribbons
Scissors & Fabric Cutters
Sewing Machine Needles & Accessories
Snap Fasteners
Tape Measures & Rulers
Tassels & Tassel Trims
Thread
Trimmings
Zips
Dylon Fabric Dye Pods - Machine Use
£7.24
Add colour and vitality to your wardrobe with the various colours available.
Iron-On Interfacing - 1m x 1m
Sold Out
General Purpose Elastic - 1mtr x 40mm
£2.39
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Facemask Fabrics
plain basic fabrics
Event drapery Fabric
kids corner
Stripes,spots,hearts & stars
Christmas Fabrics
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS - DAY 1 OFFER FREE DELIVERY AUTOMATICALLY APPLIED WITH ORDERS OVER £30
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions apply to all transactions from this site. The use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Please note that these terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
SITE CONDITIONS
1. All content on the website is the property of Cheapfabrics.co.uk. You may not extract any part of the contents of the website without our written consent.
2. We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this website with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawl of the website. Sale conditions and Order Process Our display of products is an invitation and not an offer to sell those products to you. An offer is made when you place the order for the item(s) required. We will not have made a contract with you unless and until we have accept your offer as to the terms listed below.
1. To order products from this website, you must be aged 18 years or above.
2. It is advisable that you place a request for a sample prior to ordering any fabric products in specified lengths.
3. Once you have placed an order, if you enter a correct email address we will send you an order acknowledgement email and order update to confirm all relevant details.
4. Payment will be taken and your card details checked and verified using our secure server.
5. It is advisable to check prior to placing an order for ongoing use of the same product as no guarantee can be given for availability or exact colour matches. I.e. dye lots may change from one batch to another.
6. Whilst every effort is made to ensure that fabrics are supplied as sample provided we reserve the right to supply fabrics of a similar type where fabric dye lots have changed.
7. In the unlikely event we cannot fulfill an order, a refund will be issued and the buyer notified.
8. Out of stock items may take up to 8 /12 weeks for delivery.
9. Any typographical error or omission in any form of literature issued by us shall be subject to correction without any liability on the part of the seller.
10. We reserve the right to refuse a transaction of any products advertised on this website. This may be due to:
- the product you ordered being unavailable from stock.
- the inability to obtain authorisation for your payment.
- the identification of a pricing or product description error. We may offer you alternative options and ask you whether you wish to purchase other products we may have available or the products which may have been despatched to you in error. If so your order will be amended. Otherwise, we will treat any order as cancelled and any incorrect products despatched will be collected for full refund.
11. The price displayed for goods and services remains the same regardless of the country of delivery.
12. We do our best to make sure that prices are correctly shown but very occasionally an error may occur. We will not accept an order if there is a pricing error.
13. Payment may be made by the methods indicated on our website.
14. When paying via Cheque or Postal Order the minimum order value must be more than or equal to £4.95. Orders below this amount will NOT be processed.
PRODUCT
1. The product photographs generated for the website are for illustrative purposes only and in no way constitute an exact representation of the product concerned.
2. All measurements are approximate.
3. Each product is carefully examined prior to dispatch.
4. No claim will be entertained once fabric has been used or cut in anyway or in any production process.
5. A word about silk – Silk is a natural fibre. The weaving of this fabric may therefore contain minor variations and irregularities that are characteristics of this silk yarn. These in no way should be treated as defects.
CLEARANCE SECTION
Items featured in the clearance section are low stock items. The reductions shown are reductions from the original price charged on the website. Occasionally these prices may have applied more than six months ago.
DELIVERY
1. Liability shall not pass to the seller in the event of any delay caused by the delivery agent used.
2. We deliver to any UK address including most British Forces Post Offices. We also offer international delivery to a number of countries, please see International Delivery for list of countries we can deliver to. All orders for international deliveries are subject to our International Terms and Conditions. We do not deliver to PO Boxes, orders placed for these addresses will be cancelled and a full refund will be given if you have already paid for the products. We also deliver to the Republic of Ireland, please visit our website.
3. Please use the following link, here to access all delivery charges.
4. For Next Day deliveries please be aware that orders will only be delivered the next working day if the order is placed before 1.30pm. If the order is placed after 1.30pm the order will be processed but delivery will not arrive until the second working day. Working Day means all days from Monday to Saturday, but excludes Sunday. For example an order placed before 1.30pm on Friday will be delivered on Saturday but an order placed on Saturday will be delivered on Monday.
5. It is your responsibility to ensure the delivery address is ready and able to accept delivery of the product, in particular that there is space for any delivery vehicle to make the delivery.
6. Cheapfabrics shall have no liability to you in respect of any delay or failure to deliver a product due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including (without limitation) delay or failure caused by adverse weather, strikes or transport problems.
CANCELLATIONS
If, for any reason, you wish to do so you have the right to cancel any order you have placed (other than in respect of products that have been used and cut to your specification, or in any production process.
RETURNS POLICY
1. All costs related to postage for returns will be borne by the buyer unless goods supplied were faulty. In such a case the supplier shall be responsible.
2. When returning goods, the buyer must inform the supplier prior to dispatching the said goods. We reserve the right to charge a restocking fee on all items returned.
3. Returned goods must be sent requiring a signature from the seller/sellers representative to confirm receipt as title for ownership shall remain with the buyer until such time. Please note we do NOT accept returns of fabrics cut to order and recommend ordering samples prior to purchase of cut lengths.
4. Once we have received the goods we shall initiate the refund or replacement.
THIS POLICY DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS RELATING TO FAULTY OR MIS-DESCRIBED GOODS OR YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL ORDERS UNDER THE CONSUMER PROTECTION (DISTANCE SELLING) REGULATIONS.
Contest, Competition, Prize Draw, Giveaway, Terms & Conditions
INTRODUCTION
These rules apply to all competitions, prize draws, promotions, giveaways and anything similar to this nature that are promoted on and run through our website or social media channels.
To enter a competition you must follow instructions as how to enter as directed on our website or social media channels.
Our competitions are free to enter as long as you are a registered account holder.
Promotions on social media are in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Instagram, LinkedIn or any other social network. You are providing your information to Cheapfabrics and not to any other third party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with our Privacy Policy.
ELIGIBILITY AND ENTRY RESTRICTIONS
To be eligible to enter a competition:
Entrants must be a real person, at least 16 years old and permanently reside in the United Kingdom or other country (proof of address or age may be required)
Entrants must not be our employee, officer or agent, or an employee, officer or agent of any person or organisation involved in the running of the competition, and you must not be a family relation of any such person.
Competition entrants for our promotions on social media must have a genuine account and must ‘like’ the Cheapfabrics social network page (Facebook, Twitter etc.) as part of the entry process.
The maximum number of entries to a competition per person is 1.
The maximum number of entries for a competition shall be at our sole discretion.
START AND CLOSING DATES
A competition shall open for entries at the time and on the date specified on our website and/or social media channels, and similarly, shall close to entries at the time and on the date specified on our website and social media channels. Unless otherwise stated, these times and dates are set to GMT time zone.
Any entries received before the opening or after the closing of the competition will be invalid and will not be entered in to the competition.
No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.
We reserve the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of our control.
Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of all of these terms and conditions.
JUDGING
Competition entries shall be judged or winners selected on the basis of those criteria specified on our website and/or social media channels in relation to the competition.
If a competition entrant does not meet the eligibility requirements or is subject to any entry restrictions, that entrant shall not be entitled to be adjudged a winner, and will not be entitled to a prize in any circumstances.
Our decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
WINNERS / PRIZES
Competition prizes for each competition shall be specified on our website or social media channels.
Competition prize winners will be notified of the competition result by email (if address is asked for/provided) or by direct message on social media (winners must therefore ‘like’ or ‘follow’ our social media accounts in order to be contacted about prizes) not more than 30 days following the closing date of the competition, and will receive their prizes not more than 60 days following that closing date.
Reasonable efforts will be made to contact the prize winner for 7 days but if the winner fails to respond to our notification attempts within this time or provide an address for delivery of the prize or fails to meet any of the eligibility requirements or is otherwise unable to comply with the competition terms and conditions, we reserve the right to disqualify that entrant and offer the prize to the next eligible entrant and thereafter until a winner is found.
The results of a competition will be announced on our website following the closing date of the competition. The announcement may include the name and photograph, the town or region of residence and prize details of each prize winner.
No cash alternative to the prizes will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.
COPYRIGHT AND MORAL RIGHTS
You warrant to us that you created your competition entries, that you own all of the copyright in those entries, and that our use of the entries in accordance with these rules will not infringe any person's intellectual property rights or other legal rights.
You grant to us an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable licence to copy, store, edit, distribute, transmit and publish your competition entries.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you irrevocable and unconditionally waive your rights to be identified as the author of your competition entries and to object to any derogatory treatment of your competition entries.
WHAT HAPPENS TO ENTRIES
Competition entries will not be returned. Please, therefore, keep a copy of your competition entries.
PUBLICITY
We may undertake publicity activities relating to competitions and prize awards. The winner therefore agrees to the use of their name, photograph and disclosure of town or region of residence in any post-prize-winning publicity names, surnames, towns or regions of residence and prize details.
All other personal details collected as part of the competition will be used in conjunction with our Privacy Policy.
OUR DETAILS
This prize competition is run by Cheapfabrics.co.uk
Our registered office is Gainsborough House, 59-60 Thames Road, Windsor, Berkshire, SL4 1TX
You can contact us
by post, using the postal address given above
using our website contact us link
by telephone, on 0345 520 2525
by email, using the email address info@cheapfabrics.co.u
by direct message on our social media channels.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Search
Search by fabric colour, type and more
£{{amount}}
You're saving