http://www.danishwindmill.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Visit the Danish Windmill
Danish Windmill
VikingHjem
Morning Star Chapel
Ebeltoft Village
Danish Plates & Collectibles Shop
Explore Danish History
Town of Elk Horn
Contact Us
Danish Culture & Traditions
Hans Christian Andersen
A Ship in Church
Woven Danish Heart
The Legend of Queen Dagmar
Vikings
Cuisine
Hygge
Christmas Traditions
Nisses
Green & Wind Energy
Shop
Join & Support
Become A Member
Annual Mill Membership
Lifetime Mill Membership
Donate Online
Donation Form
News & Events
Contact Us
My Account
Recent News
Shop the Danish Windmill at Christkindlmarket Des Moines
The Danish Windmill will be participating in the Christkindlmarket Des Moines again this year but in a different format. Last year we enjoyed working out of our own little European hut for three fun days but due to the pandemic, the Des Moines European Heritage Association’s Christkindlmarket is taking on a new twist. Shop the
Keep Reading
Home » Privacy Policy
DANISH WINDMILL CORPORATION
Ordering, Payment, Shipping, Return and Privacy Policy InformationWE ACCEPT ALL MAJOR CREDIT CARDS: 712-764-7472
BUSINESS HOURS:Danish Windmill Corporation is an internet business, open 7 days a week, 24 hours a day at www.danishwindmill.com.
Temporarily the actual physical store hours are Monday through Saturday 10-4 and Sunday 12-4 central time.  We are open every day except Christmas and New Years Day.
ORDERING:To place an order, contact us by phone, fax, or email.  Confirmation of availability and price must be made since our inventory is constantly changing.  Prices are subject to change at any time.
Local: 712-764-7472                                                             Toll Free: 800-451-7960                                                        Fax:  712-764-7475                                                               Email:  sales@danishwindmill.com
Danish WindmillPO Box 245 4038 Main StreetElk Horn, IA 51531
PAYMENTS:We accept Personal Checks, Postal Money Orders, and Credit Cards.  Web Store uses Credit Cards only.  Checks should be made payable to: Danish Windmill CorporationPlease send payment to: Danish Windmill Corporation – 4038 Main St – PO Box 245 – Elk Horn, IA 51531
SHIPPING:The US shipping and handling charge is $9.00 for the first item and $1.50 for each additional item.  Canada shipping is $20.00 for the first item and $10.00 for each additional item. International Shipping is $35.00 for the first item and $20.00 for each additional item.
Express shipping is available for an additional charge. Shipping prices are subject to change.
RETURN POLICY:Minor Manufacturing Defects:  If for any reason you are dissatisfied with the quality of your purchased item, it is your responsibility as the purchaser to contact Danish Windmill Corp within 1-2 days of receiving your shipment.  At that time, we will provide further instructions as to the handling of each individual case.  Under NO circumstance should you return any item without first speaking to us.  Under usual circumstances, a replacement will be sent if currently available in stock, once the purchased item is returned to us.  However, if we do not have a replacement in stock, a refund will be issued upon receipt of returned item.
Broken During Shipping:  In the event of a broken item in the shipment contact us within 1-2 days of receiving your shipment.  Under no circumstances should you return a broken item to us without first speaking to us.  A replacement will be sent if currently available in stock.
Items Priced Incorrectly:  As human error does occur, we reserve the right to not sell an item for the wrongfully listed price.  We will, however, research the correct price and give you the option to follow through with the purchase.
Privacy:All information is kept 100% private.  We will not share any information with 3rd parties.
Latest Product Catalog
Download to view all of the latest Danish Collectables.
Download Now
Shop
Annual Collectables
My Account
Privacy Policy
Join & Support
Visit the Danish Windmill
Danish Culture & Traditions
Contact Us
News & Events
eNewsletter Sign-Up
©2020 Danish Windmill. All Rights Reserved. | branding & website development by bluespace creative, inc.
×
Cart
Item Removed.
Undo
No products in the cart.
Checkout -
$0.00
0
1