http://www.garagecabinetsonline.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy and Security
Trust is the word that defines our goal. We believe it is the heart of our relationship with each of our customers. Because your trust is the standard for everything we do, we never sell, rent or trade e-mail addresses or other personal information, including street addresses and telephone numbers, with any other company. We believe our profits should come from the items we sell, not from the re-sale of our customers' information.
Does GarageCabinetsOnline.com Acquire Names and Addresses?
Yes. We may acquire names and addresses from third parties for our catalog mailing program.
What Kind of Information Will I be Asked to Provide?
When you place an order, request e-mail updates, request a catalog, or participate in a promotion, contest or survey, we may ask for some or all of the following: your name, address, phone number and e-mail address. If placing an order, we may ask for credit card information. We maintain a record of your online and catalog purchases. If you ship your order to an address different from your billing address, we will ask you to enter the Ship To name and address.
How Will GarageCabinetsOnline.com Use the Information I Provide?
You information is used to process and deliver your order to the address you request. Your payment information allows us to bill your credit card company. If we have any questions regarding your order, we will contact you by phone or e-mail. If you make a purchase, we may send you information and updates about new products, special sales and promotions. We use both e-mail and postal addresses to share information with our customers. When you supply e-mail addresses or other postal addresses, we use those addresses only for the purpose you intend. We often use testimonials from our customers in printed material or on our web site, but only when we have express permission to do so. Testimonials come from customer comments sent or e-mailed directly to us. From time to time, we provide aggregate, statistical information about consumers and sales on our web site and site shopping information. These statistics are use in communications, such as our annual report, and do not identify individuals.
Do I Need a Password to Order?
No. However, you may find it more convenient if you sign up for an account with us. In your account we can store your name and address so you don't have to enter that information during future shopping visits.
How Do I Update My Personal Information?
You can update your information in My Account. Log in with your e-mail address and password, then click Personal Information. Your account information will be displayed as we currently have it in our system, and you can modify it there.
Does GarageCabinetsOnline.com Use Cookies?
GarageCabinetsOnline.com does use cookies to make your shopping experience more efficient, convenient, and personalized. Cookies are not required for you to browse our site. However, they are required for you to place an order. Cookies are also used to help GarageCabinetsOnline.com analyze its on-line traffic to more efficiently serve its customers.
How Do I Know GarageCabinetsOnline.com is a Secure Site?
We use state-of-the art technology to encrypt your personal and financial information before it is sent. The ordering area of our web site is protected this way and is referred to as “secure.” The web site is certified to be secure by Hacker Safe.
Does GarageCabinetsOnline.com Use SSL Technology?
Yes. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is the gold standard in Internet encryption. This highly sophisticated system scrambles your financial data as it travels from your computer to our web site, making it useless to anyone but GarageCabinetsOnline.com You will know you are in secure mode when you look at the web site address in your browser window and the address indicates “https.//”. The “s” means secure. You'll also see a lock displayed in the lower right-hand corner.
What If an Unauthorized Purchase Occurs?
We will cover any liability imposed on you by your bank or credit card company, up to $50, in the unlikely event that your card is used without your authorization at GarageCabinetsOnline.com. We will also do whatever we can to help resolve the situation. The Fair Credit Billing Act requires your bank or credit card company to hold you responsible for no more than $50 of unauthorized or fraudulent charges on a credit card. Most debt card issuers voluntarily adopt the same liability limitations as credit card issuers, but you may want to check with your bank to make sure. Remember, if unauthorized use of your credit or debit card does occur, it is your responsibility to notify your card provider as stated in your agreement with them.
How Can I Ask Other Questions I May Have?
If you have any other questions regarding security or privacy with GarageCabinetsOnline.com, please feel free to call our helpline at 1-800-960-8341. Our customer service representatives are available from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Pacific Time.
Product successfully added to your Shopping Cart
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout
Sample Product
Add to cart
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
x