https://www.myframestore.com/policies.asp
HOME
ABOUT US
MY CART
ACCOUNT LOGIN
PRODUCTS
POLICIES
HELP
ABOUT US
TESTIMONIALS
ORDER TRACKING
CONTACT US
Wooden picture frames
Shop By Size
3.5x5
4x6
5x7
6x8
8.5x11
8x10
8x12
9x12
10x13
11x14
11x17
12x16
12x18
13x19
14x18
16x20
20x24
20x30
24x36
Shop by color
Black (47)
Gold (71)
Mahogany (21)
Mahogany&gold (26)
Silver (10)
Walnut (17)
White (29)
Wood (3)
Shop by Price
Under $25.00 (169)
$25.00 - $50.00 (33)
$50.00 - $100.00 (20)
$100.00 and up (2)
Accessories
639
640
Matts
Browse our large selection
of clearance products at below cost prces.
POLICIES:
Hours of Operation
Holiday Schedule 2009
Return Policy
Damage Replacement Policy
Discount Policy
International Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
HOURS OF OPERATION:
Monday thru Thursday: 9:00AM - 5:00PM ET
Friday: 9:00AM - 1:30PM ET
Saturday and Sunday: Closed
Please note that we do not process orders from sundown on Friday to Saturday night.
Back to top
HOLIDAY SCHEDULE 2010:
New Year's Day
Friday, January 1st
Open 9AM - 1:30PM ET
Purim Eve
Sunday, February 28th
Closed
Purim
Monday, March 1st
Closed
Passover Eve
Monday, March 29th
Open 9AM - 1:30PM ET
Passover
Tuesday, March 30th through Tuesday, April 6th
Closed
Memorial Day
Monday, May 31th
Open 9AM - 5PM ET
Shavuos Eve
Tuesday, May 18th
Open 9AM - 1:30PM ET
Shavuos
Wednesday, May 19th through Thursday, May 20th
Closed
Independence Day
Sunday, July 4th
Closed
Tisha B'Av
Tuesday, July 20th
Closed
Labor Day
Monday, September 6th
Open 9AM - 5PM ET
Rosh Hashana Eve
Wednesday, September 8th
Open 9AM - 1:30PM ET
Rosh Hashana
Thursday, September 9th through Friday, September 10th
Closed
Yom Kippur Eve
Friday, September 17th
Open 9AM - 12PM ET
Yom Kippur
Saturday, September 18th
Closed
Succos Eve
Wednesday, September 22nd
Open 9AM - 1:30PM ET
Succos
Thursday, September 23rd through Thursday, September 30th
Orders will be processed September 24th through 28th
Closed
Thanksgiving
Thursday, November 25
Open 9AM - 5PM ET
Christmas
Saturday, December 25
Closed
Back to top
RETURN POLICY:
Customer satisfaction is the corner stone of our business. Returns are a loss to us, as we do not resell returned goods, but we accept this loss to provide you with the best shopping experience possible. We don't even charge you restocking fee. So, if for whatever reason you do not wish to keep the frame you've purchased from us – you're welcome to return it to us, and we'll fully refund you, no questions asked. However, there are five conditions:
Shipping charges are non-refundable, refund only includes the price you paid for the item itself, not the shipping costs.
Any returns are only accepted with our RA number. Just contact us to receive it prior to shipping the frames back to us. We only do this for your convenience, as in many cases you do not need to return the frame at all, there are other, easier solutions.
The frame must arrive to us in its original condition, including intact shrink-wrap. We ask you to exercise caution while packaging the frame, as the glass is, naturally, fragile, and, should it break on its way back to us, we would not be able to refund you.
Every package should have a copy of our packing list; it has your order number on it, and this is the only way for us to know this package is from you, so that we know whom to credit.
Returns are only accepted 30 days after the order date. We believe it's a fair limit, as it leaves you plenty of time to decide whether you want this frame or not. You might find it funny, but we actually do have customers contacting us eight months later, saying that they no longer wish to keep the frame.
If you're meeting these conditions and would like to return the frame, simply give us a call at 718-832-9793 or email us. We'll give you an RA number and shipping instructions. If you received a damaged item, please scroll down for policy on damage replacements.
Back to top
DAMAGE REPLACEMENT POLICY:
Glass in our frames is fragile, so it's natural that damages do happen occasionally. They're a direct loss to us and an inconvenience to you, so, obviously, we do our absolute best to avoid them, and, if such a situation does occur, to resolve the problem as quickly and smoothly as possible. If your frame turns out to be one of the rare unlucky ones, all you need to do is let us know of the problem and keep the damaged frame in all the original packaging for two business days. We'll take care of the rest: ship out a new frame to you the next business day, notify FedEx of the damage, file a claim, etc. In a few days you'll receive a new frame and will be free to dispose of the broken one in any way convenient. We strongly discourage you from returning a damaged frame to us, as this would only lead to both of us losing money. Your frame was broken by FedEx, so the loss should be their responsibility. If we follow their standard procedure, you'll receive a new frame at no further costs, and we'll receive a reimbursement.
Back to top
DISCOUNT POLICY:
If you browse other picture frame retail sites, you'll notice that our prices are much lower than market. This happens for two reasons:
We're lucky to have good connections with manufacturers, buying directly from them, and thus receiving a good price.
Our profit margin is not as high as other companies', as we believe in "live and let live" approach: we see no reason to charge you more than we have to in order to survive.
Thus you see that our prices are already discounted, and we're not able to offer you much more of a break. However, if you feel your situation is exceptional, please don't hesitate to contact us, and we'll gladly assist you with your concern. For example, if you're a non-profit, we'll forward you a tax-exempt form and not charge you taxes. If you're purchasing 200-300 frames, we can probably save you shipping by using a trucker instead of FedEx. If you're a business interested in purchasing more than 500 frames, we can redirect you to our wholesaler.
Back to top
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING POLICY:
Unfortunately, we've had a number of absolutely disastrous experiences in international shipping with every possible shipping carrier: packages were delayed, lost, or damaged; charges were astronomic and unpredictable. In two instances we were charged customs and duties in the amount higher than the item price itself, and seven months after the shipment (of the packages that were damaged anyway, and we were not refunded for the loss). Thus, sadly, we have resigned to shipping to continental US only. We do receive a lot of inquiries from abroad, and have found only one way to accommodate them: we can pack your frame, charge you for the item price only, and not be responsible for whatever happens to it once it leaves our warehouse. You're welcome to arrange a pickup with a shipping carrier of your choice, settle all the shipping charges with them directly, as well as sort through any problems that might arise in transit. We hope for your understanding in this matter.
Back to top
PRIVACY POLICY:
This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use MyFrameStore's services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Scope:
This notice offers highlights of the full MyFrameStore Privacy Policy, which describes in detail the privacy practices that apply to MyFrameStore's products, services and website.
Personal information and other data we collect:
MyFrameStore collects personal information when you register for a My Frame Store account or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. We may combine personal information collected from you with information from other My Frame Store services or third parties to provide a better user experience, including customizing content for you.
MyFrameStore uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use My Frame Store services in order to improve the quality of our services.
MyFrameStore's servers automatically record information when you visit our website or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Uses:
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
We do not share aggregated information with third parties outside of MyFrameStore.
MyFrameStore processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country.
Back to top
If you did not find an answer to your question here, please don't hesitate to check our FAQ's or contact us and we'll be glad to assist you!
Back to top
Poster Frames
Business Hours
Return Policy
Damage Replacement Policy
International Shipping
Privacy Policy
Frame Installation Instructions
Can't find the size you need?
Contact us
Where's my stuff?
How are we doing?
Contact us
Home
My Cart
FAQ
Policies
Contact Us
About Us
Feedback
Copyright 2004-2020 All Rights Reserved www.myframestore.com