http://www.hebertsmeats.com/help.asp
Like Us On Facebook
My Account | Contact Us | Read Our Reviews | Help/FAQ | Ph: 866.298.8400
Toggle navigation
The Best Cajun Food By Real Cajuns!
We ship Monday, Tuesday, & Wednesday
Search:
Alligator Meat For Sale
View Cart
Turduckens
Variety Packs, & Boxes
Deboned Stuffed Items
Heat and Eat Cajun Favorites
Appetizers and Sides
Entrees
For the Grill
Patties
Steaks
Sausage and Boudin
Pork
Seafood, Frog, & Gator
Frog, Crawfish, and Alligator Products
Shrimp and Crab Stuffed Items
Camellia Beans
Seasonings and Stocks
Gift Certificate
Restaurant / Store
Order Online
Restaurant / Store Location & Hours
RESTAURANT DINING AREA IS NOW OPEN!
CLICK HERE to Order Online from our Lunch/Dinner Menu for Carryout
Cajun Favorites purchased on this site can either be shipped to you or picked up at our restaurant location.
Help
Find quick answers to your questions below...
Order Status
Has my order shipped?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to check your orders status.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to view orders you have placed. Then click the "Change quantities / cancel orders" link to find and edit your order. Please note that once an order has begun processing or has shipped, the order is no longer editable.
How do I track my order?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order.
My order never arrived.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
My package arrived damaged.
Please contact us within 24 hours if your package arrived damaged.  We will need your order number in order to look up your shipping information.  All damaged packages must be picked up by FedEx and returned to our store for evaulation.
When will my backorder arrive?
Backordered items are those which we are unable to predict when we will have more in stock, but as soon as we do, we will be able to ship the item to you.
My Account
How do I create an account?
1) Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right side of our site.
2) Enter your email address.
3) Select "I am a new customer".
Then simply follow the prompts to complete setting up your account. Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to edit your account information.
How much is my shipping?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.  Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices.
I forgot my password.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site. Under the login box you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password? Click here". That link will send an email to you with your password.
How do I return my product?
Please click here for more information on returning an item.
I received the wrong product.
If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 24 hours of receiving the product.  For Insurance purposes, all items must be picked up by FedEx and returned to our store for evaluation.
What is your return policy?
Returns because of damaged product or wrong product received must be returned within 24 hours.  Please contact us immediately at 866-298-8400.  All damaged product must be returned to us for inspection.  We will not give refunds unless all items, in their original styrofoam container with corrugated box, are reported and returned to us within 24 hours.
When will my order ship?
Please see each individual item page for more information on the availability of each item. Also, after placing your order, you may click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to track the status of your order. You will receive a shipment confirmation when your order has shipped and tracking information within 24-48 hours of shipment.
International Shipping
Do you ship to my country?
Please create an account by clicking the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site. During signup we'll ask for your shipping address details including country. If your country is not in the dropdown menu of available countries, unfortunately we cannot ship to your country at this time.
What are my payment choices?
During the checkout process you may choose any of our current payment options and continue to place your order. Please note that we will not ship your order until we receive payment from you.
When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.  Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. We will ship your order shortly after we receive payment from you.
What is the return policy?
Please see our Terms & Conditions for complete details regarding our return policy.
Guarantees
How do I contact you?
For shipping related inquiries please call us at
866-298-8400 or e-mail us at Cajun@cajuned.com
To contact our Houston, TX location please call 281-558-6328
To Contact our Maruice, LA location please call 377-893-5062
To Contact our Tulsa, OK location please call 918-298-8400
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.
Pricing and Billing
Do I have to pay sales tax?
You only have to pay sales tax if you are located in the same state as our warehouse.
I have a question on my charges.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website, with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact customer service for further assistance.
I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to print invoices.
When will my credit appear on my account?
Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s).
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged within 24 hours prior to shipment of your item(s).
Buyer's Guide
How do I buy/redeem a gift certificate?
To purchase a gift certificate for someone, click here. If you are the recipient of a gift certificate and would like to redeem your gift certificate, click here.
How do I find my product?
To find the product(s) you're looking for, you may (1) use the navigation menus on the top, left & bottom of our website. (2) type a keyword into the SEARCH box. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I navigate the site?
To navigate this website, simply click on a category you might be interested in. Categories are located on the top, left & bottom of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You'll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a "hand". Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an "arrow". You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance.
How do I use a coupon?
After adding items to your cart, click the "View Cart" link at the top of this site to view your cart. At the bottom of the shopping cart you'll see a box where you may enter your coupon code.
Cooking Instructions
How do I cook my stuffed chicken breast?
Thaw. Bake uncovered at 375 degrees for 1/2 hour or until the internal temperature reaches above 165 degrees.
How do I cook my stuffed chicken?
All non sausage stuffings- Thaw. Bake uncovered with the stitching facing up, at 375 degrees for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until the internal temperature reaches above 165 degrees. Always remove your product from the bag before baking. Never bake frozen meats.
All Sausage stuffings- Thaw. Bake at 375 degrees for 1 hour covered and 1 hour uncovered or until the internal temperature reaches above 165 degrees. Always remove your product from the bag before baking. Never bake frozen meats.
**Pork Sausage stuffing bakes at 375 degrees for 1 hour and 15 minutes uncovered.
How do I cook my Turkey?
Thaw.  Bake at 375 degrees for 2 1/2 hours covered and 1 hour uncovered or until the internal temperature reaches above 165 degrees.
How do I cook my Turducken?
Defrost: Allow four to five days to defrost under refrigeration. If you forget to put your Turducken in the refrigerator, the 8-10 pound small turducken will defrost in 6 hours and the 14-16 pound large turducken will defrost in 9 hours in the sink in cold tap water. Place vacuum packaged turducken in a plastic bag to float in cold water. Water temperature should remain below 70 degrees. Once defrosted keep turducken in refrigeration until cooking. Always follow the safe handling instructions on product label.
Cooking: It's simple to cook. Just follow the instructions on the package. Defrost first. Remove plastic wrap. The 14-16 pound cooks at 375 degrees F for 4 hours covered and 1 hour uncovered, breast down (stitching up) or until the internal temperature exceeds 165 degrees F. Cooking time could vary. The 8-10 pound cooks at 375 degrees F for 3 hours covered and 1 hour uncovered, breast down or until the internal temperature exceeds 165 degrees F. Cooking time could vary.
Carving: Turduckens should be allowed to rest for 30 minutes before moving from the cooking container. Move the turducken using two or more utensils to support the wings, leg, and body. Remove the stitching by pulling on one end of the twine while holding the Turducken. Slice the Turducken in half using the stitching line as a guide. Make cuts, perpendicular to the stitching line 1/2 to 3/4 inch thick cutting 1/2 of the Turducken at a time. Slice an entire half of the Turducken before removing a slice. Serve with a little sauce on each slice and enjoy.
Making the Gravy: The Turducken is removed from the pan. Place the pan on the stove top and simmer to reduce the drippings to a paste separating the oil. Be careful not to burn the bottom of the pan. Poor off oil. Add one quart warm stock to pan and heat on the stove top. Use either chicken, turkey, or pork stock. Simmer on low for 10 minutes to dissolve the paste created by the reduction. Combine two ounces cornstarch with warm water to make a liquid paste. Slowly add paste to pan stirring continuously. Soft boil for 3-5 minutes. Add additional cornstarch water mixture as needed to thicken gravy.
If stock is not available use one quart hot water. Add 10 ounces of mushroom soup to thicken.
Add corn starch mixture as need for additional thickening.
This is great Cajun Food served over a slice of Turducken or over mashed potatoes, pasta, or steamed rice.
Try this gravy method with drippings from anything you cook: poor off the oil, chop and slowly sauté 3/4 yellow onion, 1/4 bell pepper, 1 pod garlic (if garlic powder is not used in seasoning) and then proceed. Use the particular stock associated with the meat or poultry cooked. Chicken stock is mostly neutral and can be used with many meat and poultry items.
You can cook your Turducken the day prior to serving, Refrigerate after cooking. The day you would like to serve the Turducken, remove congealed grease, remove Turducken, Heat and make gravy, slice Turduckens while cold and place back into the pan with the gravy. Cover and heat in the oven for 1.5 hours at 250 degrees.