http://www.tiesplanet.com/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
FREE Royal Mail 24® Delivery
On Orders Over £10
Spend £30 Get £5 Off -
Use Code: XMASDEAL
Buy One Designer Tie...
Choose Another Free!
FREE Tie Colour
Swatches Available
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Ties Planet Limited uses and protects any information that you give Ties Planet Limited.Ties Planet Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.Ties Planet Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)This legislation came into effect on 25 May 2018.  Ties Planet Limited are fully committed to complying with the GDPR. We will never sell your data to a third party and we will only use your data in a fair and transparent way. This has always been the case and we will continue to treat you fairly should data protection legislation change in the future.   'Article 5 of the GDPR requires that personal data shall be:a) processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals;b) collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;c) adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;d) accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;e) kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals; andf) processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.' Source: Information Commissioner's Office  The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals: The right to be informed.The right of access.The right to rectification.The right to erasure.The right to restrict processing.The right to data portability.The right to object.Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.What we collectWe may collect the following information:Name and job title.Contact information including address, email address and telephone number.Demographic information such as preferences and interests.Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, only 'opt in' for direct marketing if you are happy to be contacted for this purpose.If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us or emailing us at sales@tiesplanet.com. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Ties Planet Limited, Unit SF07 City Mills Business Centre, Peel Street, Morley, Leeds, LS27 8QL. We will provide a full response within one month. We reserve the right to refuse or charge for requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Top