http://www.justmysize.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser. For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Sign In/Register Shipping To:BRASFeaturedShop All BrasBras on Sale!50 BRAS 50% OFF!New! Face MasksBY BRANDJust My SizePlaytexBaliGlamoriseLilyette By BaliChampionLeading LadyHanesStylesWirefreeUnderwireFront CloseSports BrasSizes F to NMinimizerT-shirt BrasStrapless/ConvertibleNursing BrasPost Surgery BrasBra Accessories
PANTIESFeaturedPanties on Sale!Customer FavoritesNew! Face MasksBY BRANDJust My SizeHanesBaliPlaytexLeading LadyStylesBriefsHi-Cut PantiesHipster PantiesBikini Panties
ApparelFeaturedAPPAREL ON SALEWEEKENDS MADE EASY!FALL MUST HAVES!New! Face MasksTOPSTunics & BlousesT-shirtsCamis & TanksGraphic TeesFleece & SweatsSweaters & JacketsSLEEPWEAR & SLIPPERSBOTTOMSJeansPantsShorts & CaprisDresses & SkirtsActive
LEGWEARFeaturedLegwear SaleSTYLESPantyhoseTights & LeggingsSocksKnee HighsBy BrandJust My SizeHanes
SHAPEWEARFeaturedShop All ShapewearBy CategoryBody ShapersHigh Waist ShapewearThigh SlimmersShapewear PantiesBy BrandHanesBaliMaidenformBy Control LevelSmooths / Light ControlShapes / Firm ControlSculpts / Ultra Firm ControlMasksCOLLECTIONSFeaturedNew! Face MasksIntimates CollectionsPlaytex 18 HourPlaytex SecretsJMS IntimatesBali Double SupportBali Comfort RevolutionApparel CollectionsJMS ActivewearChampion ActivewearCareerJMS BasicsJersey Matchables CollectionDenim CollectionLegwear CollectionsHanes Silk ReflectionsHanes CurvesCLEARANCEShop ClearanceApparel ClearanceBra ClearanceSwimwear Clearance
My Cart
SearchSearch
Advanced SearchSearch
Sign In
Back
Home
Terms of Use
HanesBrands Consumer Terms of Use
LAST UPDATED: June 1, 2016
These Terms of Use and our Consumer Privacy Notice (the "Privacy Notice" or the "Notice") represent a legally binding agreement (the "Agreement")
between HanesBrands Inc. ("HanesBrands") and you with respect to your use of the HanesBrands websites located at www.hanes.com, and any other site, service, mobile application, software,
or tool where these Terms of Use appear or are linked (collectively, the "Site"). Your use of the Site, including any purchases made through it, is governed by this Agreement. This Agreement does not apply to or govern
our HanesBrands Corporate site or our Hanes For Good site.
By accessing or otherwise using the Site, you:
Agree to be bound and to abide by the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and
Affirm that you are 18 years of age or older and are fully competent to enter into, abide by and comply with the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement.
DO NOT USE THE SITE IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT.
In this Agreement, the definition of the term "use" (including variations thereof) includes access, interaction, sending and receiving information, downloading and uploading, posting, browsing, making purchases (if applicable), obtaining
customer service and engaging in any other activity or using the features and functions of the Site, as a visitor, registered user or otherwise, including via mobile devices (whether through a HanesBrands mobile application or by accessing the
Site through web browser software on a mobile device). We may refer to you as "user", "you" or "your"; we may refer to HanesBrands (including our subsidiaries, affiliates, brands, and operating units) as "we",
"us" or "our"; and we may sometimes use the term "third parties," which, depending on context, may refer to our suppliers, operational service providers, co-sponsors, promotional partners, and others.
PERMITTED USE
Under this Agreement, we grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable right to use the Site for your personal, noncommercial use. You obtain no other rights, interest, or claim to the Site or any aspect of the Site at all.
Your rights include the right to create a hypertext link that leads from another website or webpage with content, material or information (collectively, including, but not limited to, the content, material and information, the "link")
to our Site, so long as: (i) the link only incorporates text and not our or anyone else’s trademarks; (ii) you do not replicate the Site or any portion of it; (iii) the link does not suggest any affiliation with, representation of, or endorsement
by, us or causes, or is likely in our judgment to cause, confusion among consumers; (iv) the link does not portray us, our products, or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or offensive manner and does not adversely affect our goodwill
and reputation; and (v) the link is not embedded into, or otherwise contained within, frames representing your website unless you have our separate permission to do so. We reserve all of our rights under the law to insist that any link to the
Site be discontinued, and to revoke your right to link to the Site from any other website at any time upon written notice to you.
You are prohibited from using the Site or its Content (as later defined):
To intimidate, harass, abuse, harm, insult, or discriminate based on ethnicity, race, age, national origin, disability, gender, sexual orientation, or religion;
For any unlawful purpose;
To infringe upon the intellectual property rights of HanesBrands or others;
To violate any applicable international, federal, or state law, regulations, or rules;
To breach or attempt to breach HanesBrands security;
Collect the personal information of others;
To submit or upload false or misleading information, viruses, or other malicious code; or
To spam, phish, crawl, scrape, or otherwise collect, store, or use Content.
This list is non-exhaustive. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Site for violating this Agreement including, without limitation, the prohibited uses.
REGISTRATION
In order to use certain features and functions of the Site, you may be asked to register and provide certain information about yourself, which you agree to input, update and maintain accurately and completely as long as you are a registered user.
Please note that although you can generally pick your own user name, we reserve the right to refuse, in our sole discretion, to grant to you the user name you request. During the registration process, you will create a password. Throughout this
Agreement, we sometimes refer to the combination of your user name for the site and its accompanying password as your "ID."
As an alternative to establishing an ID that is unique to the Site, we may also provide features that enable you to register for, and log-in to, the Site through a Social Media Platform. Please see our
Privacy Notice for additional information relating to registration through a Social Media Platform. If you access the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your ID and password, and for
restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your ID. In addition to all other rights available to HanesBrands, including those set forth in these Terms of Use, we reserve the
right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your account, refuse service to you, or cancel orders.
OWNERSHIP RIGHTS
The Site is proprietary to HanesBrands, and HanesBrands either owns or has the right to use all names, logos, brands, trade names, service, and trademarks which appear on the Site, as well as all of the icons, characters, artwork, designs, images,
graphics, music, games, text, software, databases, and all copyrightable or otherwise legally protected elements of the Site including, without limitation, the selection, sequence and "look and feel" and arrangement of items ("Content"),
and all programming, codes, scripts in any form and format associated with or applicable to the Site ("Code"). For purposes of this Agreement, all Content and Code are included within the meaning of the term "Site," and the Site is protected
by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. We require users to respect all laws and regulations that apply to our Site, just as we respect the rights of others. We will act expeditiously to remove content from the Site that
we are notified infringes the copyright of others, and, without limiting our remedies or actions, we have the right to block and disable use of our Site by anyone who repeatedly infringes the rights of others or violates this Agreement. We take
protection of our own rights and those of others very seriously, and we employ multiple measures to prevent infringement on our Site and to attempt to promptly end any infringement that comes to our attention.
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT AND WEBSITES
This Site may contain references, URLs, links, interactive functionality, and other material related to or associated with websites, content, information and/or material of third parties that are not affiliated with HanesBrands. Similarly, third-party
websites, including Social Media Platforms, may host and display our branded social media fan pages. We are not responsible for, nor do we assume any liability with respect to, the functionality, actions, inactions, privacy settings, privacy policies,
terms, or content of any third-party website. Before enabling any sharing functions of the Site to communicate with a third-party website or otherwise visiting any such website, we strongly recommend that you review and understand the terms and
conditions, privacy policies, settings, and information-sharing functions and practices of each such third-party website. The links and interactive functions for third-party websites included on the Site do not constitute an endorsement by HanesBrands
of such third-party websites. Other sites may link to the Site with or without our authorization, and we may block any links to or from the Site. YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND RESOURCES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
TRANSACTIONS
Pricing, Availability, and Ordering. Prices on the Site are in U.S. dollars, for U.S. purchasers only. You acknowledge and agree there may be unintentional inaccuracies, omissions or errors regarding price, offers, descriptions, promotions,
availability, or other matters, and, except as provided by law, we will not be held liable for these, but we will promptly correct them when brought to our attention. Goods may be out-of-stock or discontinued and prices are subject to change,
and we may reserve the right to limit the quantity of items purchased, to change and update information, as well as simply to cancel orders you may have submitted (even if you received an automated confirmation), if information on the Site is
found to be inaccurate. We also reserve the right to cancel orders you may have submitted for any reason at our sole discretion. We do not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described
in our Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. Product information is for informational purposes only, and although we make every effort to display products (including their colors) as accurately as possible, sometimes your device
and its software can affect how products are displayed when you use the Site. Consequently, we cannot guarantee you will accurately be able to see the actual colors and specific features in every case. All ordering information, including financial
information, provided must be truthful and accurate. We reserve the right to terminate an order if ordering information is inaccurate.
Shipping. Currently, we cannot ship to addresses outside the U.S. possessions and territories and APO and FPO (Air/Army Post Office or Fleet Post Office) boxes, and purchases are subject to applicable taxes to be paid by the purchaser, and
prices do not include shipping and handling. Title (i.e., ownership) and risk of loss for all goods ordered pass to you when we deliver the goods to the carrier for shipment.
SUBMISSION OF IDEAS
Don’t send us any of your original ideas (each, an "Idea"). If you do, you are agreeing that your submission is entirely voluntary, non-confidential, gratuitous, and non-committal. We have no obligation to treat any Idea as confidential
or proprietary, pay compensation for any Idea, or to respond to any Idea, and we have the right to use or disregard, in whole or in part, any Ideas. We will not be liable for the use of any Ideas nor will we incur or accept any liability, even
if we adopt, use or implement anything that is similar or even identical to any Idea you submit. If you submit an Idea to us, we will have the right to use, exploit and do with the Idea as we determine, without notice or compensation, as if the
Idea was original and proprietary to us.
USER CONTENT
Portions of the Site may provide you with the opportunity to submit, post, display, transmit, exchange or otherwise make available (to "post") information, content, opinions, testimonials, questions, electronic cards, send-a-friend emails,
comments, messages, graphics, photographs, caricatures, likenesses, animation, spoken statements, music, audio, video, voice reproductions, computer graphics, visual effects, or any other material (collectively, "User Content"). By posting
User Content to the Site, you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, unconditional, unrestricted, perpetual, and fully sublicensable right and license to use such User Content, in any form or format, through any transmission
mechanism(s), in whole or in part, in or on any and all media, whether now known or hereafter invented, discovered or devised, alone or together or in combination with other things.
Please be careful what you decide to post, and do not post anything you do not want to become public, because you have no expectation of or right to privacy with regard to any User Content.
You represent and warrant that any User Content that you post to the Site: (i) is accurate; (ii) is original to you or you have obtained all required rights, licenses and releases required to comply with the terms of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, the rights granted to us; (iii) does not and will not, violate this Agreement or infringe upon, misappropriate or violate the rights of any other party or any law or regulation; (iv) is not harassing, obscene, libelous, tortious or
otherwise unlawful, nor is it intended to injure, defame or cause damage or hurt of any kind to any other party; and (v) may be used by us as permitted in this Agreement, without notice, royalty or any other payment, liability or obligation of
any kind whatsoever.
User Content is the sole responsibility of the person posting it to the Site. You will be responsible for User Content posted under your ID, even if it was not posted by you or with your permission. User Content does not reflect the views of HanesBrands,
but we do reserve the right (although we have no obligation) to monitor, edit, or screen User Content. We also reserve the right to delete, re-format, and/or change your User Content in any manner that we may determine (although you will not be
responsible for any such changes made). Without limiting our remedies or rights of action in any manner, if we determine you have breached or may breach this Agreement, we may, without notice, at any time and from time to time: (i) refuse to allow
you to post; (ii) remove and delete User Content; (iii) revoke your right to use the Site; and/or (iv) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to us to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. Our Site has a limited
and finite capacity, and we also may limit use for operational and other reasons. As a result, some User Content may not ultimately be posted to the Site, and we have no obligation to you and assume no responsibility for User Content.
You agree that you may not attempt (or encourage or support anyone else’s attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with the Site or the Site's services, or any content thereof, or make unauthorized use
thereof. You agree that you will not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You shall not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise
publish through the Site, or any service or feature made available on or through the Site, any materials which (i) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site or the Site's services, (ii) are fraudulent, unlawful, threatening,
abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit or indecent, (iii) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise
violate any local, state, national or international law, (iv) contain a virus, spyware, malicious code, or other harmful component, (v) contain embedded links, advertising, chain letters or pyramid schemes of any kind, (vi) constitute or contain
false or misleading indications of origin, endorsement or statements of fact, or (vii) impersonate any business or person.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (Digital Millennium Copyright Act), all notifications of claimed copyright infringement on our Site should be sent ONLY to our Designated Agent. Please DO NOT send any inquiries unrelated
to copyright infringement (such as requests for assistance, customer service inquiries, billing questions, reports or e-mail abuse) to the contact listed below. You will not receive a response if sent to that contact.
Service Provider(s): HanesBrands Inc.
Designated Agent: DMCA Contact - Legal
Address to Which Notification Should be Sent: 1000 Hanes Mill Road, Winston-Salem, NC 27105.
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: (800) 832-0594
E-mail Address of Designated Agent: dmca_contact@HanesBrands.com
Your Notice of Claimed Infringement must include the following:
Your name, address, telephone number, email address and signature;
Identification of the copyrighted work (or works) that you claim has (or have) been infringed;
A description of the material that you claim is infringing, and the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists (for example, the URL of the page of the website where it is lawfully found; the name, edition
and pages of a book from which an excerpt was copied, etc.);
A clear description of where the infringing material is located on our Site, including, as applicable, its URL, so that we can locate the material;
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Information on our Site is available for convenience only, and even so-called "expert" Content or responses to questions are general in nature and are not a substitute for professional advice. You acknowledge that people answering questions
on this Site, including those referred to as "experts," have varying levels of expertise and may not have been certified as "experts" by us or anyone else. We have not and do not verify any credentials, capabilities or experience
of individuals who may be identified as "experts" on the Site, and their statements or responses to user inquiries should be used only for informational purposes. Before you act on or rely upon any information on or from our Site, you
should independently confirm any facts that are important to your decision and consult professionals chosen by you. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO VERIFY INFORMATION BEFORE ACTING ON, USING OR RELYING UPON IT.
We operate the Site from the U.S. and it is possible some downloads from the Site could be subject to government export controls or other restrictions. If you download anything from or using our Site, you represent you are not subject to such controls
or restrictions. We make no representation that anything is appropriate, permissible or available for use outside the United States and using our Site from territories in which such use or the Content available from such use is illegal, restricted
or not permitted, is expressly prohibited.
YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE. THE SITE IS AVAILABLE "AS IS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
REPRESENTATIONS AND ENDORSEMENTS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT USE OF THE SITE
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT ERRORS WILL BE DETECTED OR CORRECTED. HANESBRANDS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE, CONTENT, AND CODE INCLUDED ON, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH, THE SITE, OUR SERVERS, OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
SENT FROM HANESBRANDS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, MALICIOUS CODE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND HANESBRANDS ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY DELAYS, INACCURACIES, ERRORS OR OMISSIONS, OR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY OR USEFULNESS OF THE INFORMATION
DISCLOSED OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SITE. WE HAVE NO DUTY TO UPDATE OR MODIFY THE SITE, AND WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR OUR FAILURE TO DO SO.
IN NO EVENT, UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (WHETHER TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS OR THIRD PARTIES, BE LIABLE HEREUNDER OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE
OF ANY KIND, DIRECT OR INDIRECT, IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE SITE, THE USE OF THE SITE OR OUR AGREEMENT WITH YOU CONCERNING THE SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
LOST ANTICIPATED PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF WE ARE HELD LIABLE
IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION FOR ANY REASON, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE LESSER OF (A) ONE HUNDRED FIFTY DOLLARS (US$150.00) OR (B) THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF PURCHASES (INCLUDING TAXES AND SHIPPING AND HANDLING)
FROM THE SITE IN THE PAST SIX (6) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE OCCURRENCE ON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF ANY LIMITATION ON REMEDIES, DAMAGES OR LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED
BY LAW, WE SHALL REMAIN ENTITLED TO THE MAXIMUM DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS AVAILABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, AT LAW AND/OR IN EQUITY.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold us, including our officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives , and affiliates, and each of our respective successors and assigns, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
licensors, advertisers, suppliers, and operational service providers harmless from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), resulting from your use of the Site (including any User
Content that you have posted to the Site), and/or any violation of this Agreement. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any demand, claim or action arising hereunder or in connection with the Site and all negotiations
for settlement or compromise. You agree to fully cooperate with us in the defense of any such demand, claim, action, settlement, or compromise negotiations, as requested by us.
TERMINATION
These Terms of Use and the Privacy Notice constitute an agreement that is effective unless and until terminated by HanesBrands. If, in HanesBrands’ sole discretion, you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement, we may deny
you access to the Site. In the event of such a denial of access, you are no longer authorized to access the Site, and the restrictions imposed upon you with respect to material copied or downloaded, and the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities
set forth in these Terms of Use, shall continue in force. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the parties agree that all terms of this Agreement shall survive such termination, including indemnities, limitations
of liabilities, and representations and warranties.
MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and HanesBrands regarding use of the Site, and supersede any prior agreements between you and HanesBrands. If any provision of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, it shall not
affect the enforceability of the rest of the Agreement. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions when you use or purchase certain goods or services, and you will be notified and required to accept and agree in order to use or purchase
them. If we fail to act or enforce any particular terms or conditions of this Agreement, it does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit our rights with respect to that or any other breaches. The Agreement, including any additional terms and
conditions, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of North Carolina law and applicable U.S. Federal law, without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Any action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, this Agreement
or your use of our Site must be brought in a state or federal court sitting in North Carolina, and you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such court. You hereby irrevocably waive any right you may have to join claims with those
of others in the form of a class action or similar procedural device. Any claim arising out of, relating to, or connected with, this Agreement, or your use of the Site must be asserted individually. We have the right to obtain equitable relief
from a court of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, injunctions, restraining orders, and specific performance, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security or proving money damages are insufficient. This Agreement
is the entire agreement between you and us regarding the subject matter and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent terms and conditions. This Agreement can only be modified in writing signed by an authorized representative of HanesBrands
Inc.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
The materials we have filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the "SEC," contain, or will contain, certain forward-looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance
and other matters. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and can generally be identified by the use of words such as "may," "believe," "will,"
"expect," "project," "estimate," "intend," "anticipate," "plan," "continue" or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements inherently involve many risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in these statements. Where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is based on
the current plans and expectations of our management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. The following include
some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated:
our ability to migrate our production and manufacturing operations to lower-cost centers around the world;
the highly competitive and evolving nature of the industry in which we compete;
our ability to effectively manage our inventory and reduce inventory reserves;
any failure by us to successfully streamline our operations;
retailer consolidation and other changes in the apparel essentials industry;
our ability to keep pace with changing consumer preferences in intimate apparel;
any loss of or reduction in sales to any of our top customers;
financial difficulties experienced by any of our top customers;
risks associated with our foreign operations or foreign supply sources, such as disruption of markets, changes in import and export laws, currency restrictions and currency exchange rate fluctuations;
the impact of economic and business conditions and industry trends in the countries in which we operate on our supply chain;
any failure by us to protect against dramatic changes in the volatile market price of cotton, the primary material used in the manufacture of our products;
costs and adverse publicity arising from violations of labor and environmental laws by us or any of our third-party manufacturers;
our ability to attract and retain key personnel;
our substantial debt and debt service requirements which restrict our operating and financial flexibility, and impose significant interest and financing costs;
rapid technological changes;
future financial performance, including availability, terms and deployment of capital; and
The foregoing factors and others are described in greater length in our materials filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and other factors speak only as of the date they are made. We expressly disclaim any
obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained in any materials we have filed or will file with the SEC, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any other change
in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based other than required by law.
REVISIONS AND UPDATES
We reserve the right, at any time and from time to time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification,
suspension, or discontinuance of the Site. In addition, we may, at any time and from time to time, revise or update this Agreement. We will post such revisions of, or updates to, this Agreement on the Site, and such revisions and updates will
be effective as soon as we post them. If you do not wish to be bound by this Agreement (in its current form or as subsequently revised or amended), or if at any time you no longer agree with all the terms and conditions that apply to you, your
sole remedy shall be to discontinue any further use of this Site. Because you are always bound by this Agreement as it is in effect during any use of the Site, you should periodically review these Terms of Use and the Privacy Notice
so you know the terms and conditions that apply to you. Your continued use of our Site means that you accept and fully agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
QUESTIONS
Questions concerning the use of the Site should be directed to us, as follows:
Email: hanes.customer@hanes.com
Mail: WebMaster, HanesBrands Inc., P.O. Box 748, Rural Hall, NC 27098
Telephone: (800) 832-0594
When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address, and/or telephone number(s) so that we may handle your request correctly.
Check Your Inbox For 20% Off When You Sign Up For Exclusive Offers.
Get alerts about new arrivals and special deals. Email Address Go Customer AssistanceCustomer ServiceTrack My OrderDelivery & Shipping InfoReturnsOutlet StoresFAQ - US OrdersContact UsMy AccountMy ProfileMy OrdersMy AddressesMy FavoritesShop with ConfidenceSecure ShoppingYour PrivacyCA Transparency ActSite ResourcesBra Sizing GuideAffiliate ProgramsMilitary DiscountTeacher DiscountStudent DiscountOur CompanyHanesBrands CorporateHanesBrands B2BCareersSustainabilityFor more information regarding your Privacy Rights please access our   Privacy Policy. ©2020 Hanesbrands Inc. All rights reserved. Playtex is a registered
trademark used under license.©2020 Hanesbrands Inc. All rights reserved.Terms of Use
today's deals
Free Shipping With $50+ Order
Standard Delivery toUS addresses only
extra 50% offClearance
Shop
Denim50% off
Shop
50 Bras50% off
Shop
Tees from $9 Sweats from $12
Shop
JMS Bras & PantiesBOGO 50% off
Shop
Legwear
50% off
Shop
Dresses & more50% off
Shop
© 2020 Hanesbrand Inc. All rights reserved. Playtex is a registered trademark used under license.