http://www.tienda.com/support/privacy-policy.html
Shop Our Holiday Gift Guide
Our Tapas BarTrack OrderContact Us
Live Chat
menu
Login or Register
0
Shop All
Food
Cookware
Tableware
Bath
Gifts
Sale
New
Collections
Beyond Spain
Food
Shop All Food
40 Customer Favorites
Jamón
Chorizo
Grilling Pork
Paella
Olives
Olive Oil & Vinegar
Almonds & Nuts
Cheese
Seafood
Artisan Bread
Pantry Staples
Sweets
Gift Boxes
Spanish Food Clubs
Beyond Spain
Jamón/Ham
Shop All Jamón/Ham
Whole Bone-In Ham
Whole Boneless Ham
Sliced Ham
Jamón Samplers
Cooking Cuts
Accessories
Cinco Jotas Brand
Fermín Brand
Chorizo
Shop All Chorizo
Slicing Chorizo
Cooking Chorizo
Samplers
Paella
Shop All Paella
Paella Ingredients
Paella Pans
Grill Systems
Paella Kits
Accessories
Seafood
Shop All Seafood
Bonito Tuna
Canned
Frozen
Salt Cured
Seafood Gift Sets
Cheese
Shop All Cheese
Sheep's Milk
Goat's Milk
Cow's Milk
Mixed Milk
Cheese Samplers
Accompaniments
Tableware
Shop All Tableware
Gifts
Shop All Gifts
Gift Boxes
Spanish Food Clubs
Gift Samplers
La Tienda eGift Cards
Paella Kits
25 Best Sellers
Gifts Under $100
Gifts Under $50
Corporate Gifts
Sale
Request Catalog
Find Recipes
Our Tapas Bar
Track Your Order
Contact Us
About Us
800.710.4304
Login  or  Register
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Order Information
Track Your Order
Shipping Information
Returns
Using Your Gift Card
Quality Commitment
Security & Privacy
Green Packaging
Holiday Shipping
Community Kitchen
COVID-19 Response
World Central Kitchen Donation
Stay Connected
Set Email Preferences
Request A Catalog
Customer Comments
Contact Us
Wholesale Accounts
Go to...CUSTOMER SUPPORTTrack Your OrderShipping InformationReturnsUsing Your Gift CardQuality CommitmentSecurity & PrivacyGreen PackagingHoliday ShippingCommunity KitchenCOVID-19 ResponseWorld Central Kitchen DonationSet Email PreferencesRequest A CatalogCustomer CommentsContact UsWholesale Accounts
Home / Support / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
LA TIENDA PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to La Tienda! La Tienda is an ecommerce website that brings you the best of artisan Spanish foods and handcrafted housewares for delivery right to your doorstep.
This Privacy Policy describes what personal information La Tienda collects, how La Tienda uses this information, how this information may be shared, and what choices and rights you have with respect to this information. Access and use of our website is subject to this Privacy Policy. Our websites are made up of latienda.com, jamon.com and other sites and apps on which this Privacy Policy is posted and that are La Tienda-branded or operated by Tienda Inc.; our plug-ins, widgets, and content embedded on third-party sites; and communications and services offered through such sites, apps, plugins, widgets, and content. This privacy statement applies to any sub-domain of La Tienda (i.e. www.tienda.com/accounts/login.html). Please read our complete privacy statement.
By using the La Tienda websites, you do hereby represent and warrant that you have read, understand, agree and consent to all terms of this Privacy Policy.
The terms "we", "us," "our," or "La Tienda" refer to Tienda, Inc., and its subsidiaries, LaTienda.com and jamon.com.
1. Collection of Information
We collect information that you provide us, from third parties, and automatically when you use our website. We collect information associated with your device using cookies and similar technologies. We may also receive information about your location.
Information You Provide Us
We collect information that you provide us, including your account and profile information, content you submit to our website, your purchase information, your communications, and information you provide to us as part of surveys and contests.
Account and Profile Information
When you create an account on our website, we collect information you provide us, like your name, email address, interests, gender, age, and profile information.
Content You Submit
We collect information and content that you submit on our website, including comments, reviews and searches.
Purchases
If you purchase products on our website, we collect certain information in order to process your purchases and sales, such as your phone number, address, and payment method (for example, credit card or bank account information).
Communications
When you communicate with us (via email, phone, through our website, or otherwise) and when you use our website to communicate with others, we store a copy of your communications (including call recordings, subject to providing you notice or obtaining your consent in accordance with applicable law). La Tienda will provide you notice or obtain your consent in accordance with applicable law before recording these calls.
Surveys and Contests
If you participate in our surveys, contests, or promotions, we will collect the information you provide to us.
Information from Others
We collect information that others provide us, including information from other websites and platforms, publicly available information, information from other users of our website, information from our partners and corporate affiliates, and information from third-party sites.
Other Websites
We may receive information about you from third-party platforms that obtain your permission to share this information with us. If you choose to sign-up for our website through Facebook or Google or upload your contacts from your third-party email service, you will be asked to share certain information with us as identified by those third-party platforms.
Publicly Available Information
Others may provide information on our website that includes information about you (for example, when ordering a gift for you).
Our Partners. We may receive information about you from our partners. For example, our payment processors may update your payment information, advertising partners may help us send communications to your address, and third parties may help us prevent fraud by verifying your contact information.
Third-Party Sites
Certain third-party sites embed a La Tienda plug-in, widget, or content, including through La Tienda-branded buttons, badges, and slideshows and La Tienda co-branded content partnerships. You may also choose to use La Tienda browser extensions. These plug-ins, widgets, and embedded content provide information to La Tienda pursuant to our Cookie Policy. In addition, other sites are developed or hosted by La Tienda. La Tienda collects the information described in this Privacy Policy on those websites, including your messages sent through those websites. These websites collect usage information and your messages as further described in their privacy policies.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect information about your use of our website, including your search activity, the pages you view, the date and time of your visit, and if you use our browser extensions, content you interact with on third-party sites. We also collect information that your device provides to us in connection with your use of our website, such as your browser type, type of device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies in connection with your use of our website to collect information related to what you see and interact with on our website and other website access and use. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information on our use of cookies and how to opt-out of cookies, but please note that we do not change system behavior within our Website in response to browser requests not to be tracked.
Location Information
We will receive your device's location if you enable this through your browser or mobile device. We may infer your general location from your IP address. You may also choose to provide us your location information by inputting this information in our website, including in your settings or when you checkout as a shipping or billing address.
2. Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, support, and personalize our website and to communicate with you about our website (on and off our website). The ways we do this include the following:
a. to provide and improve our website's functionality, including to display content you post publicly; to fulfill your purchases through our website; to process, store, and deliver your communications; to provide customer service and support; to respond to your inquiries or requests; to back-up our systems; and to improve the security of our website;
b. to evaluate use of our website for our business purposes and to improve and develop our products and services, including new products and services and our website's functionality;
c. to personalize your experience, such as to tailor the content and information made available to you and our support services;
d. to display relevant advertising (on our website and third-party sites) and to evaluate the success of our advertising;
e. to communicate with you as described in our agreements with you (for example, the Terms of Use) and this Privacy Policy;
f. to prevent fraud and to maintain a quality experience for our business purposes or legal reasons, including to filter for spam and communications that violate our agreements with you (for example, the Terms of Use);
g. to enforce compliance with our agreements with you (for example, the Terms of Use) and applicable law; to comply with our legal obligations; to prosecute or defend a lawsuit, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding; to respond to lawful requests by public authorities (including national security or law enforcement requirements);
h. to perform research and analysis for our business purposes; and
i. if you decide to participate, to administer surveys, contests, and promotions.
If you provide us information about your contacts (for example, when you sign up for our website through Facebook), in order to facilitate a more connected experience, we may inform your contacts who have accounts on our website that you also have joined our website and follow them on your behalf so that you may view their public activities on our website.
We may use your communications generally for quality assurance purposes and training and to improve our products and services. We may use automated technology to review your communications and improve your user experience.
We may use your log-in information, cookie information, device information and IP addresses to identify you and log your use across devices and our website. We may use your addresses to personalize your experience on our website.
For your convenience, unless you opt-out through your settings, we will store information about your payment method. If you make purchases on our website as a visitor and subsequently create an account, for your reference, we will make information available to you about any prior purchases completed using the email address for your account.
Any use of your information that is incompatible with these uses will be disclosed to you in advance so that you may opt out of such uses at your discretion.
3. Sharing Your Information
We do not rent or sell your personal contact information (such as your email address associated with your account registration) to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes. We share information in the following ways:
Website Visitors and Users
Your product reviews may be shared on our website excluding any personal information like your name or address.
Service Providers and Website Partners
We may share your information with others as reasonably needed for our uses described in this Privacy Policy, and we ask them to limit their use of that information. In addition, if you specifically agree to share your information with a third-party partner, for example, as part of a contest or promotion we sponsor with such third party, we will share your contact information with that third-party partner.
Advertisers and Ad Networks
We use advertising networks and similar companies to serve advertisements on third-party sites and to assist us in evaluating the effectiveness of our advertising. We may work with advertising partners to serve ads on our website. We may use advertising partners to communicate with you at the addresses they have for you. These types of companies use cookies and similar technologies. We may provide advertising networks, advertising partners, and businesses advertising on our platform with aggregate information but other than hashed information or device identifiers, we do not disclose your name, contact information, or other personal information. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
Businesses advertising on our website may also use cookies or similar technologies to track your activities on our website. Some of these businesses are participants in the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Please visit these organizations' opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from participating businesses. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking or install the AppChoices app to learn more about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads in mobile apps.
Corporate Affiliates and Business Transfers
We may share information from or about you with (a) joint ventures or other companies in the La Tienda Family of Companies or (b) a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In these cases, their use will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Investigations
We may investigate and disclose information from or about you, as permitted by applicable law, if we believe that such investigation or disclosure is (a) reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with our website; (c) helpful to protect our rights, reputation, property, or that of our visitors, users, corporate affiliates, or the public; or (d) to enforce compliance with our agreements with you (for example, the Terms of Use).
4. Third Party Plug-ins, Widgets, and Links
Our website may include third-party social media features and other third-party plug-ins and widgets. When these features are displayed on our website, they are operated or hosted by third parties and are subject to their own privacy policies instead of this Privacy Policy. Our website also contains links to third-party sites that are not controlled or operated by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
5. Communication
An essential part of our services that you sign up for when you create a La Tienda account on our website is to receive communications from La Tienda through email, catalog, other direct mail and our website. We communicate with you about your account and privacy. We also ask for your feedback about your experience in connection with our website. In accordance with applicable law, we communicate to you about products and offers, and we may feature other businesses in these communications. You may change your communication preferences at any time through your settings and you may also opt-out of similar types of marketing emails from La Tienda directly through the email. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving account and privacy-related messages from us.
Our website also allows you and others to send messages in our website, as well as share content with others outside our website.
6. Account Termination and Data Retention
To request permanent closure and deletion of your account, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section.
We will keep your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we are processing your personal information unless the law permits or requires us to retain your personal information for a longer period. For example, we may need to keep your personal data for quality assurance for our website or to defend future legal claims. We also will retain aggregated information after your account has been closed. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time, and we may maintain copies of this information as part of our business records.
7. Children
Our website is intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will take appropriate steps to delete that information. If you become aware or believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us as provided in the Contact Us section.
8. Data Security
We use reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
9. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy will govern our use of information about you. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a notice on our website. By continuing to access or use our website after those changes become effective, you are subject to the revised Privacy Policy.
10. Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about the La Tienda Privacy Policy,
a. if you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please email us at EUprivacy@tienda.com.
b. otherwise, please email us at privacy@tienda.com.
You may also mail us at our address at 3601 La Grange Parkway, Toano, VA 23168, USA.
11. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information (European Economic Area)
If you are from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. We collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes that are in our legitimate interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, or to comply with our legal obligations.
If you wish to learn more about specific legal grounds we rely on to process your information for any particular purpose (including any legitimate interests we have to process this information), please contact us as provided under the Contact Us section. For example, we rely on our legitimate interests to process information for direct marketing purposes and for fraud prevention and detection, provided these interests are not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
12. Your Data Protection Rights (European Economic Area)
In some regions, such as the EEA, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, including the right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information. La Tienda takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date. You also can manage your profile and settings within our website. However, if you are not a user of our website and you want to contact us directly about accessing, correcting, updating, or deleting your personal information, or altering your data or marketing preferences, you can do so at any time by contacting as provided in the Contact Us section. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us as provided in the Contact Us section. You also can delete your customer account and obtain a copy of your information by contacting us as described in the Contact Us section.
You can complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and Switzerland are available here.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: December 2019
Last Reviewed on: December 2019
This Privacy Notice for California Residents is in addition to the information contained in our privacy policy above and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (”consumers” or “you”). We offer this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (”personal information”). In particular, our website has collected the following personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers: A real name, Internet Protocol address, address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our website.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our website or interactions with our advertisers.
Use of Personal Information
We may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
To send you marketing materials such as a printed catalog or email offer.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose [or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights)]. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. [The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.]
We share your personal information with the following third parties: Thinkfoodgroup, LLC when you interact or order from the website: http://shop.littlespain.com
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not disclosed personal information for a business purpose.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company had not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by sending us a message on our website by emailing us at privacy@latienda.com or calling toll free: 800 710-4304. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to [45/90] days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following our webpage and sending us a message.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by visiting our website and sending us a message. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an electronic message by emailing us at privacy@latienda.com or calling toll free: 800 710-4304
Effective January 1, 2020
Click here for the prior version (modified December 2019)
Track Your Order
Contact Us
Catalog & Email
Tapas Bar & Market
Wholesale
About Us
Learn About Spain
Press
Recipes
La Tienda, Williamsburg, VA. © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
| Do not sell my personal information