http://www.pouchmart.com/privacy-policy/
Close
Home
Printed
Printed Natural BagsPersonalized RibbonsSilk Screen & Hot Stamp
Organza
Plain Organza BagsOrganza Bags With PrintsDecorative OrganzaFlat Bottom Bags
Natural
Canvas BagsLinen BagsJute BagsBurlap BagsEco Friendly BagsSinamay BagsNatural Bunting | Stockings
Velour / Suede
Velour BagsVelvet Wine BagsFaux Suede Bags
Blog
More Bags & Boxes
Mini Tote BagsMesh Net BagsSatin BagsLace BagsMetallic BagsSamples
Ribbons & Wraps
Organza RibbonSatin RibbonGrosgrain RibbonDecorative RibbonRaffia RibbonTwine | Jute RibbonFabric Roll | SheetsWraps | Tassels
Site Information
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Categories
Printed
Printed Natural Bags
Personalized Ribbon
Organza
Plain Organza Bags
Organza Bags with Prints
Damask
Paw Print
Polka Dots
Decorative Organza
Lavender Flower Embroidery
Organza with Tassels
Flat Bottom Bags
Rectangle Gusset
Round Gusset
Square Gusset
Natural
Canvas Bags
Linen Bags
Jute Bags
Burlap Bags
Eco Friendly Bags
Eco Mini Tote
Shopping Bag
Sinamay Bags
Natural Bunting | Stockings
Velour / Suede
Velour Bags
Velvet Wine Bags
Faux Suede Bags
More Bags & Boxes
Mini Tote Bags
Mesh Net Bags
Satin Bags
Lace Bags
Metallic Bags
Metallic Lamé Bag with Cord
Samples
Ribbons & Wraps
Organza Ribbon
Sheer Organza Ribbon
Organza Ribbon with Satin Edge
Organza Ribbon with Satin Edge & Metallic Trim
Organza Ribbon with Satin Center
Organza Ribbon with Satin Center & Metallic Trim
Wired Organza Ribbon
Wired Organza with Metallic Edge
Paw Print Organza
Organza with Hearts or Butterfly Print
Two Tone Organza Ribbon
Satin Ribbon
Single Sided Satin Ribbon
Double Sided Satin Ribbon
Double Sided Satin Ribbon with Metallic Edge
Polka Dot Satin Ribbon
Grosgrain Ribbon
Decorative Ribbon
Chevron
Striped Ribbon
Lace Ribbon
Raffia Ribbon
Twine | Jute Ribbon
Baker's Twine
Jute & Burlap Ribbon
Fabric Rolls | Sheets
Tulle
Organza Rolls | Sheets
Jute and Burlap
Wraps | Tassels
9 inch Tulle Circle Wrap
9 inch Organza Circle Wrap
12 inch Organza Circle Wrap
28 inch Organza Circle Wrap
20 inch Tassel Set
32 inch Tassel Set
48 inch Tassel Set
Pouch Mart respects the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site.We adhere to the following policy: We will NOT  Release, sell or give your information to any other organization without your permission.  Continue to send you information by email, once you have asked us not to.We hope the following Q&A will help you understand how Pouch Mart collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
What if I communicate with Pouch Mart electronically?When you send an email to Pouch Mart or visit the web site, you are communicating with us electronically.When you send an email to Pouch Mart, you consent to receive electronic communications from us in response. Pouch Mart will not place you on our email or direct mail lists without your consent.All emails, postings and updating of notices on the web site constitute electronic communication by Pouch Mart. All agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Pouch Mart provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing. All communications with Pouch Mart become the property of Pouch Mart.  What information does Pouch Mart collect?
In order to serve you better, Pouch Mart collects and stores your personal information when you:(1) create an account on Pouch Mart; (2) sign up to be notified of special deals like discounts and exclusive offers; or (3) enter a contest or promotion on our site. An account is created when you do one of following things: make a purchase on Pouch Mart, or register for an account on Pouch Mart. When creating an account, we ask you for your first and last name, your e-mail address, a password, and other similar information. If you are making a purchase, we will ask you for your billing address, shipping address, and credit card information. Your credit card or any payment information is NEVER stored in our system.
If any breach is made you will be contacted immediately or if you have any concerns please email sales@pouchmart.com with the subject GDPR REQUEST. Your email will be forwarded to the correct member and you will be contacted within 1 business day.
What does Pouch Mart do with this personal information?
Our system may gather information about the areas you visit on our site as well as the IP address you use to connect to our site. We use this data internally only for two reasons:(1) to personalize your experience on Pouch Mart.com and the marketing materials you receive from Pouch Mart and (2) to prevent fraud on your account.
We will not share any of this data (unless it is in an aggregate form without personal identifiers) with any outside company other than consultants or service providers of Pouch Mart who are assisting Pouch Mart to serve you better. To the extent that we will share any information with a consultant or service provider, we will do so only if that party agrees to protect your private information by adopting a privacy policy at least as stringent as our own. We do use navigational information both in the aggregate and on an individual basis to understand how our visitors use Pouch Mart so that we can make our site better. We do not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web. Your information is used to process your orders and personalize your shopping experience on Pouch Mart, for internal purposes and to comply with any legal requirements. By storing your personal information on a secure server, Pouch Mart is able to streamline your checkout process and allow you to check your order status online. At Pouch Mart, we also review what kinds of products appeal most to our customers as a group. This statistical information helps us improve our product base. We may use information about the kinds of products you buy from Pouch Mart to suggest other goods or opportunities you might be interested in. What about my consent?
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of Pouch Mart's terms of service and you agree to Pouch Mart's terms of service by using this site. Pouch Mart reserves the right to change the terms of service, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advance notice. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.