https://www.decorativefilm.com/shipping-and-return-policy
Favorites Sign In
Home/ Shipping and Return Policy
Shipping Info
FREE 2 Day Shipping on orders over $159.00!*
*Applies to retail orders only.
Web Orders
All of our Decorative Films ship in our specially designed box constructed to pass and exceed all UPS Shipping Lab standards. First your film is rolled onto a durable 3 inch plastic core and placed in a plastic sleeve to keep your film clean and provide extra protection, next your roll is fitted with reinforced end caps to hold your film snugly in place. Finally, your film is placed inside our sturdy double walled cardboard box and sealed to ensure your film arrives safely and un-damaged.
Most orders ship within 1-4 business days from our warehouse in Maryland. Some made to size orders could take longer depending on ongoing projects. Please allow at least 5-7 days lead time for made to size orders. Cutoff time for any orders being shipped faster than UPS Ground (i.e. Next Day, 2nd Day, etc.) is 1:00pm EST. For UPS Ground orders, we ask that you allow 1-6 business days in transit to receive your order (unless otherwise requested). Please refer to the UPS Ground transit map below for a more accurate Ground shipping transit time to your location (Domestic) from Maryland. Please note, these times are an estimation and cannot be guaranteed.
Sample Requests
Most of our film samples are 5" wide x 7" high, with Gradient film samples being 4" wide x full height. You may order up to 5 free samples per project. You may order as many samples as needed, however additional samples are charged at $0.45 per sample. At checkout you will receive an automated credit for the first five samples ordered (-$2.25). We ship all sample requests from our Maryland headquarters. Sample orders are shipped via UPS Surepost for a shipping fee of $3.95.
UPS Surepost is a hybrid delivery service that starts with UPS, but can be delivered by your local post office or UPS (pending location). Standard delivery time is 2-7 days. This economy service combines the consistency and reliability of the UPS Ground network with final delivery provided by the U.S. Postal Service. It provides a comprehensive end-to-end economy transportation solution utilizing UPS's powerful ground package network. Expedited shipping options are also available at checkout for an additional shipping fee. If you need it overnight, this is an available option during checkout.
Shipping Promotion
LIMITED TIME FREE 2-DAY SHIPPING DURING PROMOTIONAL PERIOD
During this promotional period, we offer the following:
$11.95 UPS GROUND SHIPPING:
Add any item to your cart for a flat rate of $11.95 for UPS Ground Shipping.
FREE 2-DAY SHIPPING:
Add $159.00 or more to your cart, select the 2-Day Shipping option, and submit your order. Qualifying orders will arrive two business days from the date of shipment. Orders placed before 2PM EST may ship the same day.
Note: Non-qualifying 2-Day shipping orders will still qualify for flat rate $11.95 UPS Ground Shipping.
Some restrictions apply:
Limited time
Contiguous United States only (the Lower 48) & excludes PO boxes
May not be combined with any other orders
Transit times are not always guaranteed
NOTE: If a Wholesale customer, please log in to see Wholesale promotions. Please note, shipping promotion does not apply to sample orders.
International Shipping
When shipping to a location outside of the United States, prior to placing products in your shopping cart, please go to the bottom of our site, click the small flag icon, and select your country. You can then click "continue shopping," and proceed with selecting your products and placing your order.
What is your Return/Refund Policy?
If you are not completely satisfied with our product, please request a return within 30 days of receipt of your order by clicking "Start a Return" below or viewing your order history, under "My Account" when logged in, and selecting the order/products you'd like to return. When requesting a return, you will be able to select the order and products you are interested in returning, as well as select how many boxes you will be returning the product in. Return shipping cost is $16.95 per box. Submitting a return will issue you a confirmation and a return shipping label for each box being returned. A refund for the price of the merchandise will be made if merchandise is returned to us in usable condition. No refunds will be made if merchandise has been cut or if the backing has been peeled from the film or if the merchandise is in less-than-perfect condition. Custom Made-To-Size and Cut-To-Size orders are non-returnable and non-refundable. Shipping charges are non-refundable. When you return an item, please be sure it is in new condition, securely wrapped, and include the original packing slip or copy of invoice. Returns are made to: Decorative Films, LLC., 3909 Cornell Place, Frederick, MD 21703 USA.
Any orders returned that were originally shipped with free shipping will be deducted a $30.00 return service fee from the total refunded, to cover the original shipping costs and restocking.
Start a Return
All Categories
Shop All Styles
Gift Certificate
Accessories
SOLYX Catalogs SimGlas Cleaner Installation Tools Dry Erase Marker Kit
Casper™ by Designtex
Casper™ Cloaking Film Casper™ Graphic Films
Colored Films
Transparent PET Colors Transparent PVC Colors Translucent Colors Dichroic Window Films Patterned Colored Films
Cut-to-Size Films
Elegant Textured Films
Cut Glass Dichroic Textured
Exterior Films
Exterior Frosted Exterior Opaque Exterior Patterned Exterior Solar Protection
Frosted & Etched
Simple Frosted Frosted Colors Opaque Light Diffusing Frosted Patterns
Glasslike Distortion
SimGlas: SGC - Crystal SimGlas: SGD - Dusted SimGlas: SGV - Frosted SimGlas: Cleaner & Polish
Gradient Films
24 Inch High 50 Inch High 60 Inch High 71 Inch High
Holiday Themes
Made to Size Films
Made to Size - Beaches Made to Size - Diverse Made to Size - Elegant Made to Size - Macro Made to Size - Skies Made to Size - Trees Made to Size - R. Raum
Shop by Width
12 Inch Wide 24 Inch Wide 36 Inch Wide 48 Inch Wide 60 Inch Wide 72 Inch Wide
Patterned Privacy Films
Natural Stripes & Patterns Squares Dots Rice Paper
Solar Control, Auto & Safety
Heat Blocking Films UV Blocking Films Safety Film Glare Control Films Automotive Tint films UltraCool® TRANSITIONAL Darkening films
Specialty Films
Anti-Fog Film Anti-Graffiti Ashley Cecil Bird Safety Bird Safety Rear Projection Writable One Way Visibility Temporary UltraCool® Specialty TRANSITIONAL Darkening films
Stained Glass Films
Stained Glass Static Cling Window Films Stained Glass Adhesive Window Films
Static Cling Films
Static Cling Cut Glass Static Cling Frosted Patterns Static Cling Plain Privacy Static Cling Textured Static Cling Stained Glass Static Cling Tint
Best Selling Window Films
Featured Window Films
New Window Films
Popular Window Films
Discounted Privacy Films
Quick Order
Copyright © 2020 Decorative Films, LLC.. Powered by Miva