http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/customer-product-and-service-queries/hel00001/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Customer Service
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Customer Service
Go to Category: Customer Service
FAQs
Contact Us
Product Recalls
Registering Gift Packs
Cancel
Apply
Customer Product and Service Queries
If you have a query regarding our products or services, we hope you will find a satisfactory answer on one of the pages below.
However, if you're unable to find the information you need, our contact centre is open during business hours to help with your query. You can find their contact details at the bottom of the page.
Is There a FAQs Page That I Can Check?
Yes, our FAQs page features a list of frequently asked questions about WHSmith, WHSmith.co.uk orders and gift cards.
Where Can I Find Out About Product Recalls?
We have a list of Product Recalls available online.
I've Bought a Gift Voucher Online, How Do I Register It?
You will need to visit the relevant website for your gift pack in order to register it. You can find a list of websites and more information about gift cards and vouchers on our Registering a Gift Pack page.
I Have a Question about my Order, Where Can I Find the Answer?
You can find information about changing your order, payment, refunds, delivery and more related queries on our Shopping with WHSmith page.
Where Can I Find Out About Your Privacy Policy and Legal Terms?
Our online policies are available to read on our Policies page, including our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy and GDPR Policy.
How Can I Contact WHSmith?
Our customer services team is available Monday-Friday 9am-5pm on email at support@whsmith.co.uk
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies