https://www.goldilocks-usa.com/privacy-policy-2/
Order Online
Pick Your Favorites
Goldilocks Care Packages
Chocolate Indulgence
Ensaymada’s Best
Founders’ Favorite
Founders’ Favorite 2
Hopia Mania
Pandesal Bundle
Polvoron Party
Mamon Medley
Ube Obsession
Bakeshop
Bread
Pastries
Pie
Snack Bread
Cake Rolls & Chiffon
Filipino Sweets
Greeting Cakes
Premium Cakes
New Products
Foodshop
All Time Favorites
Sarap Pinoy Combo Meals
Goldilocks Pinoy Deli
Party Funfeast
Thirst Quenchers
Press
Forbes.com Holiday Gift Guide
Goldilocks Introduces New Store Concept
Goldilocks opens in San Francisco International Airport
Asian Journal June 2020
KRON4
ABS-CBN News July 2019
Balitang America June 2019
COVID19
Clarmil
Locations
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Thank you for visiting us online at www.goldilocksusa.com.
We are committed to protecting your privacy on the internet. Goldilocks has granted license to MC Business Development Corp. | MCBD located at 30865 San Clemente St., Hayward, CA 94544. We would like to assure all the visitors of this site that MCBD values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information and provide you with Notice, Consent, Security and Access.
This Privacy Statement applies to all information, including personal information, collected about you by MCBD. Personal information is information that could reasonably allow you to be identified.
We may collect your information from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view our online advertisements.
We collect personal information about our users over time and across different websites when you use this website or service. Third party service providers may also collect personal information this way.
TYPE OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view our online advertisements, and information we collect about you from other sources.
We collect personal information about our users over time and across different websites when you use this website or service. Third party service providers may also collect personal information this way.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT DIRECTLY FROM YOU
We collect information directly from you when you choose to register with our site, participate in our promotions, programs and offers, purchase products from our site, call Customer Service, or otherwise provide information when you directly contact us.
The following information is what we collect but may not be limited to:
Name, Email address, Postal addressUsername and PasswordPhone number or Mobile numberAge
WHY WE COLLECT DATA AND HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services we offer and to manage our site and services. We also use this information to process online orders and to provide customer service
regarding inquiries, complaints, and general feedback.
HOW WE SHARE DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Some pages from this site may contain links to non-Goldilocks sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites. We recommend you review the privacy policies of each site that you visit. Some third parties we use are Stripe, Five Stars (for Goldilux Rewards Program), USPS
TRACKING TOOL
Cookies are small files dropped into the computer’s hard drive for record keeping purposes. We use cookies to give us more insight on how our website is being used. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer. Cookies will help us improve the site catering to our customers. Customers will be given the option of not allowing the use of cookies, but this may result in some parts of the site to not function properly.
DO NOT TRACK
The website is using a plug-in for DNT Do Not Track | DNT is a setting that can be used on certain web browsers so that websites are notified not to track the user. In response to a DNT request, this website has a plug-in that carries out the user’s request.
HOW TO OPT OUT OF DATA COLLECTION
In order for your data not to be collected, please do not register for an account.
Ordering without a registered account will not allow us to collect your data.
CHILDREN PRIVACY
With your children’s safety in mind, we actively strive to abide by the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 without the consent of their parent or guardian. We encourage parents and guardians to actively monitor and supervise their children’s online activities. The personal information of anyone under the age of 18 should not be submitted to us without the consent of a legal parent or guardian.
ADA POLICY
In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, we strive to make our website accessible and user-friendly for everyone. If you encounter difficulties while navigating through our website or find that any feature is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, please
contact our team at customercare@goldilocks-usa.com .
SECURITY
Please note, although we take the appropriate measures to safeguard your information, there is no data security measure that guarantees your information be protected from theft, loss, or unauthorized use. Users submit their information at their own risk and are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of their own information and passwords.
REFUND POLICY
We are committed to the quality of our products and we ensure you our products are made at the highest standard. Before shipment all products are carefully packaged and inspected. In the unfortunate occasion your order is damaged, destroyed, or loss during delivery please fill out a complaint form [insert complaint form] and submit to us at customercare@goldilocks-usa.com so we can further investigate the issue. If you have concerns or need further assistance, please contact us at customercare@goldilocks-usa.com
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
Changes to this policy may occur, if so we will revise the “last updated” date at the end of this policy. Any changes made to this privacy policy is effective at the time of which the update has been posted. We recommend our users to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed on how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.
Last Updated: August 7, 2018