http://www.customjersey.com/pages/terms-of-service
HomeTerms of Service
Terms of Service
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. Reading this terms & conditions statement and/or using the customjersey.com web site constitutes an agreement to the terms described herein.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Aconcagua Ventures LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Aconcagua Ventures LLC. Copyright 2018, Aconcagua Ventures LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Aconcagua Ventures LLC or purchasing Aconcagua Ventures LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Aconcagua Ventures LLC or to purchase Aconcagua Ventures LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Aconcagua Ventures LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Aconcagua Ventures LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Aconcagua Ventures LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Aconcagua Ventures LLC does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.ColorsAll colors represented on this site are approximate and are not guaranteed to match the actual product. Due to the variety of platforms/monitors and unique configurations available to users of this technology, digital images viewed on screen should never be accepted or assumed to be realistic in their color representation. Please contact our customer service department (sales@customjersey.com) with any questions regarding color issues.Limitation of LiabilityAconcagua Ventures LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Aconcagua Ventures LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Aconcagua Ventures LLC product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Aconcagua Ventures LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.Terms and TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Aconcagua Ventures LLC without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeAconcagua Ventures LLC may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Aconcagua Ventures LLC.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Aconcagua Ventures LLC products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Santa Clara, CA. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Aconcagua Ventures LLC products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Aconcagua Ventures LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Aconcagua Ventures LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an Aconcagua Ventures LLC or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Aconcagua Ventures LLC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, customjersey.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Aconcagua Ventures LLC, Aconcagua Ventures LLC has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Aconcagua Ventures LLC. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Aconcagua Ventures LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY ACCOUNT
SIGN UP
Sign up now!
SIGN UP
We're here to help!
Need assistance? For many quick questions you may find the answer in our FAQ page; if not, feel free to contact our team using the information below.Customer ServicesCall Us: (888) 202-3117Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm (Pacific Time)Send us an emailSHIPPINGFree ground shipping within continental United States on select brands with a qualifying minimum order. PAYMENTSAccepts the following payment methods:We accept VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, PayPal, personal/company check. We don't offer credit terms and no C.O.D. We accept purchase orders (PO) from schools only. PayPal: Shop easily online without having to enter your credit card details on the website.RETURN POLICYReturns & Refunds: All returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.
These size charts brought to you by CustomJersey.com are easy, self-explanatory and ensures that the apparel you buy will fit you perfectly. For accurate results, grab your best fitting clothes, measure them and determine your size according to the guidelines mentioned in the chart. If you have any doubts about how our products fit, don't hesitate to contact us.A4 Sizing ChartAugusta Sportswear Sizing ChartsAthletic Knit Sizing Chart. PLEASE NOTE: Waist sizing for shorts/pants with elastic waist is "relaxed" measurement. Waist will stretch an additional 3"-4"Dynamic Sizing ChartHolloway Sizing Chart
Shipping PolicyWe will usually ship any stock item within 48 hours of your order. This is only for in-stock undecorated items. Custom items or stock items that are going to be customized with lettering or numbering take approximately four to six weeks for production. Then allow 2-7 days for shipping depending on what method you choose to ship. Contact us if you have any questions about shipping times for your order.We offer free ground shipping within the continental United States on all:A4 Apparel orders over $250.00Holloway Sportswear orders over $270.00Athletic Knit orders over $450.00Undecorated Teamwork Athletic orders over $150.00Badger Sports orders over $270.00For all other manufacturers, you pay for the actual cost of freight, we never charge for handling.   We can ship by any method you prefer:UPS ground2-Day3-Day Select orNext Day Air.Our products ship from multiple locations so delivery time will vary based on the manufacturer's shipping location and where you are located.All A4 and Teamwork Athletic apparel ship from Southern California.All AK and Dynamic apparel ship from Buffalo, NY.Holloway apparel ships from Ohio.Richardson Cap ships from either Oregon or Ohio. We will ship from the closest location to you if the items are available.ORDER CANCELLATION POLICYAny order that has had artwork approved and been entered into production cannot be canceled. Any order that has been placed and you have not yet approved artwork, will incur a 10% cancellation fee.RETURNS & EXCHANGESAll returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.You can return or exchange in-stock items as long as they are unworn and have not been decorated. A 15% restocking fee will apply to all returned merchandise which is not defective. Any garment which we deem to be defective in manufacturing will be replaced at our expense. Defective garments can only be exchanged for the exact same garment, we will not give refunds. All returns must be shipped prepaid.No return will be accepted without a return authorization (RA) number. Please contact us before returning any garment so we can give you the RA number as well as the correct address to return to. The RA number must be clearly marked on the outside of the returned package and on the shipping label. No credit or replacement will be given unless you have received an RA number. Credit for replacement merchandise that has been shipped out will not be given until we receive the returned merchandise.Check all merchandise carefully before printing. Returns WILL NOT be accepted after merchandise is printed or has been worn. No additional cost of printing or other applications will be credited.Face Masks and PPE: Due to the nature of the product, we will not accept returns or exchanges on any masks, bandanas or gaiters. All sales are final.
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO
We use cookies to improve user experience, personalized content, and analyze website traffic. We may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you consent to the storing cookies used for these services on your device. Please read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for full details.
Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue