http://www.aimeej.com/terms-privacy/
Account | Your Cart | Contact Us
MENUMENUHomeAlbums
Baby Memory Albums
BoyGirl
Photo AlbumsScrapbooksSchool YearsScrapbook Pages & Packs
Scrapbook Page PacksIndividual Pages
Seasons
Keepsakes
Aimee J Keepsakes BrandBaby Keepsake BoxesPersonalized PlatesStory BooksBaby Shower Sets
Home & Living
Baby OnesiesMom ApparelMugsOrnamentsToddler Shirts
Scrapbook Paper
BabyToddlerSchoolPacks
Share Your Story
Terms and Privacy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.aimeej.com and Aimee J Keepsakes and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Aimee J Keepsakes include www.aimeej.com. The Aimee J Keepsakes website is a ecommerce site. By using the Aimee J Keepsakes website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Aimee J Keepsakes may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Aimee J Keepsakes’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Aimee J Keepsakes. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Aimee J Keepsakes website.
Aimee J Keepsakes encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Aimee J Keepsakes so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Aimee J Keepsakes is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Aimee J Keepsakes website.
Use of your Personal Information
Aimee J Keepsakes collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Aimee J Keepsakes may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Aimee J Keepsakes and its affiliates. Aimee J Keepsakes may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Aimee J Keepsakes does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Aimee J Keepsakes may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Aimee J Keepsakes may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Aimee J Keepsakes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Aimee J Keepsakes may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Aimee J Keepsakes, in order to determine what Aimee J Keepsakes services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Aimee J Keepsakes to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Aimee J Keepsakes will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Aimee J Keepsakes or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Aimee J Keepsakes; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Aimee J Keepsakes, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Aimee J Keepsakes website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Aimee J Keepsakes pages, or register with Aimee J Keepsakes site or services, a cookie helps Aimee J Keepsakes to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Aimee J Keepsakes website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Aimee J Keepsakes features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Aimee J Keepsakes services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Aimee J Keepsakes secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Aimee J Keepsakes does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Aimee J Keepsakes.
Changes to this Statement
Aimee J Keepsakes will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Aimee J Keepsakes encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Aimee J Keepsakes is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Aimee J Keepsakes welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Aimee J Keepsakes has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Aimee J Keepsakes at:
Email Address:
contactaimeej@gmail.com
Returns & Shipping
Returns on unpersonalized items are accepted within 14 days of purchase. Email us both pictures of the damaged packaging and the damaged product to admin@aimeej.com
Our flat rate shipping or other shipping method used will not be refunded, only the amount of the product.
Our package labels are automatically processed with the shipping information you provide during checkout. We are not responsible if you enter in the wrong information.
We will do our best to relabel only if the label has not yet been created.
If a package is returned to us because of a wrong address or undeliverable address error, you will be billed again for shipping.
Returns on personalized items are not accepted. Please verify information is correct before placing your order.
Return shipping charges are the buyers responsibility.
Effective as of December 02, 2016
MENUMENU
Home
Store Affiliates
Shop
Contact Us
Wholesale
Blog
Copyright © 2020 AimeeJ Keepsake Albums. All Rights Reserved.
| Terms & Privacy