http://www.goalmaker.com/privacy-policy
GoalMaker Software Solutions
MenuHome
Pages
Home
Pages
About
Search
About
Buy Now
Goal Setting Software
eBook
Features
Subscribe
Testimonials
Contact
Support
About us
GoalMaker was written by Kevin Seerup of GoalMaker Software Solutions Pty Ltd (formerly Access Able Systems Pty Ltd). Versions 1 and 2 were developed in association with Dr. Janet Hall of the Richmond Hill Psychology Clinic and David Vincent of Break Through Training Group.
more
Search ...
Search
AboutBuy NowGoal Setting SoftwareeBookFeaturesSubscribeTestimonialsContactSupport
Home | Privacy policy
COPYRIGHT & PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright
This website is Goal Maker copyright property and therefore governed by the terms under the Copyright Act 1968 and other applicable legislations. The design, concept and other elements of this website may not be replicated in whole or in part without the prior expressed written consent of Goal Maker. Trade names, trademarks, slogans and / or designs depicted in this website are proprietary marks of their respective owners and can not be adapted, reproduced, copied, stored, distributed, transmitted, printed, displayed, sublicensed, performed, published in whole or in part without the owner’s prior knowledge and expressed written consent.
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY FOR Goal Maker WEBSITE
ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
This website is owned and operated by Goal Maker.
In order for Goal Maker to maintain the quality of service that you have come to expect, we will be required to collect and maintain relevant information about our clients.
Goal Maker recognizes the importance of implementing a privacy policy which protects the interests of our corporate clients. The aim of this statement is to communicate how information about our clients is gathered and utilized within our website. It also outlines the security measures we have in place to prevent unauthorized access and distribution of your personal data.
COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION PRIVACY STATEMENT
Goal Maker collects personal information to personalize your experience with our site. The more we know about you, the more we can present you with services that are relevant to you. Your personal data stored in you personal “cookie”, (see below) will be used to make online ordering faster and more convenient by helping us understand your ordering requirements and navigation patterns.
The amount of information we collect about you depends upon the extent to which you utilize the services available on the site and whether you elect to give us information about yourself by placing an order online.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL ALSO BE USED TO :
- To assist Goal Maker in the production of print media. This may include, but is not limited to data processing, graphic design, typesetting and printing.
- To enable Goal Maker to contact you with promotional offers which may be of interest. Goal Maker may also use the information to notify you of site updates.
- To assist Goal Maker’s internal accounts management, planning, research and development.
- To enable Goal Maker to arrange third party services (eg. Freight) in order for us to complete the transaction and send you the products you have requested.
- In this case Goal Maker will only disclose the information needed to complete your transaction. Goal Maker does not sell, rent or trade user information to other companies.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are small data files that are sent from the site to your browser and are stored on your hard drive, keeping track of your general activity on the site. When you make subsequent visits to the site, your cookie gives us a summary of your preferences and past experiences on the site. This allows us to tailor certain aspects of our site services to your needs. Your cookie may be altered at different times throughout your visits to the site, and it is updated frequently as you use various different functionalities. Every time you enter in online, our server may deliver certain customized information based on the information stored in your cookie.
SECURITY
Goal Maker stores all data behind carefully selected security devices , such as firewalls. Our servers are protected in secure facilities. All internal communication with the system and communication of private member data, such as account details are transmitted using appropriate encrypted protocols. Policies related to staff access to private member data are in place. All data is held in the strictest confidence, protected by the strictest security standards.
USER VALIDATION
To ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your extranet interface, appropriate measures have been taken to enforce this. Each of our clients are allocated individual Logins and Passwords. It is recommended that you change your password regularly. Please advise us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your user name, password, profile or accounts by any other Internet user or any other breach of security.
YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please take the time to read our Privacy Policy carefully before utilizing this web site. By using the website you have indicated that you have read, understood and agreed to the collection and use of your personal information as defined by Goal Maker in this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Goal Maker reserves the right to modify our Privacy Policy without prior notification. However as you are bound to these conditions, Goal Maker encourages you to revisit this page periodically for more information.
CONTACTING Goal Maker
Under the Privacy Act (1988) Goal Maker is obliged to provide Personal Information of an individual which has been collected, used or disclosed since 21 December 2001. If you have any queries relating to your privacy or would like to access your personal information held by Goal Maker, please contact us - click here!
GoalMakerGoal Setting Website
Find Out More...
GoalMaker eBook
© 2020 Privacy Policy
ADDRESS:We are based in AustraliaPHONE:1300 339 499CONTACT:Visit our Contact Page - Click here
web design > theartistree