http://www.ipso-facto.com/privacypolicy.htm
Main Page
Apparel Men
Pants
Long Sleeve Shirts
Short Sleeve Shirts
Coats & Jackets
Vests
T-Shirts
T-Shirts Bands
Apparel Women
Dresses Short Twill
Dresses Short Velvet,Lace
Dresses Short Stretchy & PVC
Dresses Long
Corsets & Capes
Tops Short Sleeve
Tops Long Sleeve
Skirts Short
Skirts Long
T-Shirts
Pants & Shorts
Outerwear
Shoes & Boots
Boots
Creepers
Boots Women
Women's Shoes
Accessories
Necklaces
Crystal/Cameo Necklaces
Rings/Earrings
Spikes/Studs/Body Jewelry
Buckles/Watches
Hair Bows/Gloves
Hosiery
Purses
Goggles/Respirators
Face Masks
Hats
Parasols
Collars/Chokers
Wristbands/Bracelets
Leather Belts
Gauntlets
Wallets & Wallet Chains
Cigarette/I.D. cases
Audio Visual
CDs
Books/Tarot
Magazines
Postcards/Art Prints
Stickers
Buttons
Patches
Other
Cosmetics
Hair Dye
Wigs
Costumes
Incense, Candles, Oils
Wicca Supplies/Divination
Gemstones
Toys & Spooky Gifts
Gift Certificate
Order Info
View Cart
Size Chart
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
How to Order-Domestic
How to Order-Non U.S.
Links
Customer Testimonials
Retail Store
Email Us
About Us
Human Resources
In Store Events
Salon Lecture Series
Tarot Reading & Workshops
Tarot, Craft & Wicca Events of the Past
IPSO FACTO PRIVACY POLICY
Your Guide to our Privacy Policy-Your Info is Not Shared
Ipso Facto is committed to implementing appropriate protections for any
personal information shared with us.
Cookies/Data Tracking:
Ipso Facto's website does not use cookies, however we do employ an
anonymous data tracker on our opening page which collects general data as to
the most popular browser types in use amongst our customers, the most popular
keyword referrers, the continent/ countries where most customers are located,
the most popular O/S in use (and which version is used), what screen resolution
is most common, and which links, search engines or email providers referred
customers to the Ipso Facto site.
Ipso Facto uses this information only for internal and analytic purposes to
improve our site for our customers, and this data is never shared or sold.
To opt out of collection of such info via data tracking you must must actively
manage the settings on your browser or mobile device.
Ad Networks, Plug -Ins, etc:
There are no ad networks, widgets or plug-ins on our site that collect your
personal data or contact info, nor do we collect data on your online consumer
activities.
Use of Personal Info Provided for Order Processing:
There is an option to save your address in the AIT-hosted secure shopping cart,
which is your choice to activate, and is only provided for customer convenience.
The personal info you provide for order processing is not shared or sold to third parties nor used for any other purpose
other than the processing and delivery of your order. Ipso Facto takes all reasonable and appropriate
measures to protect the personal information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
Linked Sites/Third Party Sites:
We are not responsible for data collection on non Ipso Facto sites linked from our
site, nor are we responsible for any content, products or services offered on any
third-party websites. Links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only.
Social Media Feature Data Policy:
Our site includes social media features such as Facebook, Tumblr, Twitter and
Instagram buttons (such as "Like" or "Tweet"). These social media sites may
automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you
visit a site that has a social media button, regardless of whether you click on the
button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy
of the company providing the feature, not by our privacy policy. Please review
your privacy settings on social media sites.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We may make changes to our online privacy policy from time to time. Please
review our policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website.
This policy is in effect until further notice.
Consent to Privacy Policy Terms:
By using this website, you consent to the terms of our online privacy policy and
to Ipso Facto's collecting and processing of your personal information for the
purposes listed herein. Your personal information may be processed in the
country in which it was collected and in the United States and other countries in
which Ipso Facto's or AIT's backup storage may be located. Ipso Facto is committed to
complying with all applicable laws regarding consumer privacy. At a minimum,
your personal information will be processed in accordance with the terms of this
online privacy policy and the laws of the United States, which may be more or
less stringent than the laws in your country.
Privacy Policy Questions or Concerns:
If you have any questions or concerns about Ipso Facto's online privacy policy
please send an email to ipsofacto@ipso-facto.com or write to us at: Ipso Facto
517 N. Harbor Bl. Fullerton CA 92832.