http://www.enitharmon.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Things you should know before placing an order.
This website is owned and operated by ENITHARMON EDITIONS. By placing an order for Goods, you agree to these terms, which may be changed at any time by us. If we make any changes to these we will include a notice on the Homepage. You accept that you will have no claim for breach of contract or otherwise in respect of any such alteration. Placing orders for Goods on this website will mean that you agree to be bound by the most current version of the Sales Terms, which were last updated November 2016.
“We, “us”, “our”, means Enitharmon Editions. “You”, “your” means the person ordering products under these Sales Terms. “Working days” means all days other than Saturdays, Sundays, and Public Holidays. “Goods” means the good or goods you have ordered from us.
Section 1 – Registration
In order to purchase goods from this website, you need to register your details with us. On registration, you must provide us with accurate and complete registration information and it is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to that information (to your email address in particular) by updating your details.
On first registration you will choose a user name and password (ID). None of our employees or agents will ever ask you for this password. Do not disclose this password to anyone under any circumstances whatsoever.
You are responsible for all use of your ID and for preventing unauthorised use of your ID. If you believe there has been any breach of security such as the disclosure, theft or unauthorised use of your ID or any payment information you must notify us immediately by contacting us at info@enitharmon.co.uk.
Your registration does not in itself entitle you to purchase Goods from us and we are not obliged to accept any or all orders that you place with us.
Section 2 – Formation of Contract
All orders for Goods are offers by you to purchase and accepted only when you receive a confirmation email from us to the effect that your order has been processed and your Goods have been dispatched. This will form a contract, which incorporates these terms and conditions, between you and us (Contract).
Where the use of the Goods is stated to be subject to any instructions or warnings, they are supplied on the condition that such instructions or warnings will be strictly adhered to.
Section 3 – Prices
All prices for the Goods are inclusive of taxes but exclusive of delivery charges. The price of an item is the price on the day of your order. All Goods are subject to availability. Where stock has run out or Goods cannot for some reason be dispatched, we will contact you by email to inform you of this and give you a likely delivery date for within 14 days. If it is not possible to deliver within 14 days, we will not accept that part of your order. Where these Goods are part of a larger order, we will process and dispatch the available Goods to you in the normal manner in accordance with these Sales Terms.
Section 4. Payment
Payment authorisation must be provided by you on the date that you place an order for Goods. Payment must be made by credit/debit card. Payment will be debited from your account before despatch of the Goods to you. On some occasions, we are required by the card issuer to perform additional security checks on the payment card, which can delay the order until the card has been authorised. You confirm that the credit/debit card that is being used is yours.
All product prices and delivery charges are shown in UK pounds sterling. Your payment card company will perform any currency conversion, if necessary.
Section 5 – Privacy
We will only use details supplied by you in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which is located here.
Section 6 – Shipping and delivery
We can deliver to any address in the United Kingdom including Northern Ireland. There may be a charge for delivery.
Within the UK, we aim to deliver your Goods within 5 working days. Outside of the UK, we aim to have your Goods with you within 10 working days. We do not accept any liability for items lost in shipping. Please contact us via info@enitharmon.co.uk if delivery of an item takes longer than the times listed above, and we will do what we can to assist. Please also let us know if you would like to ensure special delivery via courier, which we can organize for you if you contact us PRIOR to making your online purchase.
All delivery times are estimates only and, while we will endeavour to avoid delay, we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage arising from delay in delivery. If we are unable to perform the whole or part of the Contract due to any cause or event beyond our reasonable control we may, at our option, by notice in writing to you, cancel or suspend the Contract in whole or in part without liability and without prejudice to our rights to receive payment of the price for all Goods previously delivered.
If you receive the wrong goods or Goods are damaged in transit, you must contact us within 28 calendar days via the My Account section.
There may be a territorial restriction on our ability to deliver and we will inform you accordingly. When ordering Goods for delivery overseas you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the Goods reach the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. We have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. When ordering from us, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the Goods. You are responsible for notifying your local customs office of your purchase. Please be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
Section 8 –  Risk
The Goods are at your risk from the time of delivery. Ownership of the Goods does not pass to you until we have received in full (cash or cleared funds) all sums due in respect of the Goods; and all other sums which are or become due to the us from you on any account.
Section 9 – Security
We take your online privacy seriously. However, although we use appropriate encrypted security software on our website, the security of any payments transmitted and processed via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Any losses incurred or sustained by you as a result of transmitting information by means of e-mail or other internet link will be borne solely and exclusively by you.
Section 10 – Limitations of Liability
Nothing in these Sales Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or any other liability which cannot be excluded on a point of law. We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage in circumstances where or to the extent that neither we nor our employees or agents are in breach of a legal duty owed to you; such loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any such breach; or any increase in loss or damage results from a breach by you of any term of this contract.
Except as expressly provided in these Sales Terms and save for fraudulent misrepresentation, all conditions, representations and warranties (express or implied, statutory or otherwise) are excluded to the extent permitted by law including without limitation any implied warranties or conditions as to quality, fitness for purpose and reasonable skill and care.
Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall we or any affiliated company or individual be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damage (including, without limitation whether for loss of profit, loss of business, lost data, viruses that may infect your computer, depletion of goodwill or otherwise), costs, expenses or other claims for economic loss (howsoever caused) which arise out of or in connection with the Contract or your use of this website generally.
We further do not warrant that the website or the products and materials contained on such site are error free, or that errors will be corrected, or that this site or the server from which it is run is free of viruses or other potentially harmful codes.
Our employees and agents are not authorised to make any representations or give any warranty concerning the Goods unless these are confirmed in writing by us. In entering into the Contract you acknowledge that you do not rely on and waive any claim for any breach of any representation or warranty which is not so confirmed.
Section 11 – Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and any affiliated company or individual harmless from any and all liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, related to any violation of these Sales Terms by you or your authorised users, or in connection with the use of the website or the Internet or the placement or transmission of any message or information on this website by you or your authorised users.
Section 12 – General
Our failure to insist upon the strict performance of any of your obligations under the Sales Terms will not be construed as a waiver and will not affect our rights to require strict performance of such obligations. If any provision of the Sales Terms or part thereof is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision or part will not affect any other provision or the remainder of the provision in which such invalid or unenforceable part is contained, which will remain in full force and effect.
All notices will be in writing and maybe served by either party on the other by hand or by first class pre paid post. The address for service, in the case of a notice from you to us, is specified at the bottom of this page and, in the case of a notice from us to you, will be the address stated on your order.
Nothing in these Sales Terms which form the agreement between you and us will give nor is intended to give rights to any third party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise.
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the parties will submit to exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. Neither we nor our affiliates make any representation that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Section 13 – Cancellation and Return of Goods
This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights. These Terms were last updated in November 2016.
You may cancel your order before delivery or within 14 calendar days after the date of delivery if the delivery address is in the United Kingdom including Northern Ireland or within 28 calendar days after the date of delivery if the delivery address is outside the United Kingdom or Northern Ireland.
Please cancel by contacting us via info@enitharmon.co.uk
We will credit your payment card with the cost of the unwanted Goods and our delivery charges within 30 days of the date of your cancellation.
Please return the unwanted Goods with the original packaging within 30 days of cancellation. You are required to take reasonable care of the goods while in your possession.
Returned Goods will be delivered to us at your cost, unless the Goods are defective or damaged or if we have delivered them to you in error. We will be entitled to deduct the cost of recovering the Goods if you fail to return them following cancellation.
If Goods are defective or damaged, please contact us via the order enquiries
form on the My Account section. We reserve the right to check if items are damaged or defective before agreeing to reimbursement and ask for proof of damage or defect. We will refund you the cost of damaged or defective goods, our delivery charges and your reasonable return charges.
Refunds will be credited to your payment card and will not be paid in cash.
Section 14 – Contact Us
info@enitharmon.co.uk
Enitharmon Editions, 10 Bury Place, Bloomsbury,  WC1A 2JL
We are open but due to Coronavirus we are running on a reduced staff and there may be delays to orders placed Dismiss