https://www.humangivens.com/foundation/how-you-can-help/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Foundation / How you can help
How you can help
If you agree with our aims, perhaps feeling that mental health treatment needs to be revolutionised, more research into the effectiveness of the HG approach should be pursued, or that the education of both children and adults can be improved in a human givens environment, then please support us in any of the following ways:
By donating
Use PayPal for one-off or regular donations here
You can also raise money while you shop online and support us via Easyfundraising
Or become a Founder Friend to donate to us by standing order – Download the application form
Other people have also raised money through sponsored events.
More about Easyfundraising
By becoming a Member
There are 3 different tiers of HGF membership:
Individual – Download the application form
Lifetime – Download the application form
Corporate – Download the application form
Why the Foundation was established
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.