http://www.mhinstruments.com/pages/help-faqs
Menu
Cart: 0 Items
Login
or
Create an Account
Home
Products
Gallery
Dealers
Blog
GARAGE SALE
Help/FAQs
Account Links
Login
Create an Account
Home
Products
Gallery
Dealers
Blog
GARAGE SALE
Help/FAQs
Help/FAQs
Welcome to the MH Instruments Help Section.
Please scroll down for answers to frequently asked questions. If you still need assistance, please contact us:
Customer Service Inquiries Phone: +1.949.713.2173 Email: sales@mhinstruments.com
To Submit Repairs ONLY:* Send to: MHI Service 1040 Hillcrest Drive Pomona, CA 91768 Email: service@mhinstruments.com
Dealer/Distributor Inquiries Phone: +1.949.713.2173 Email: sales@mhinstruments.com
Media/PR Inquiries Athena Fristoe Phone: +1.909.622.1975 Email: athena@mhinstruments.com
To Submit Testimonials**Email: athena@mhinstruments.com
*Please note that repair deliveries may be rejected if receipt signature is required.  Please read "Returns" section below for instructions.
**When submitting testimonials and photos for our consideration via email, please send high-resolution 300 dpi photos if at all possible. You may be asked to complete a photo release form. Please note that submitting testimonials and photos does not obligate us to post or otherwise use them.
MH Instruments 24902 Via Santa Cruz
Mission Viejo, CA 92692
Owner Manuals & Installation Guides
Rumble Road™ Limited Non-Amplified Speakers
Rumble Road™ Premium Amplified Speakers
Rumble Road™ Ultra Amplified Speakers
Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 Amplifier
Rumble Road™ Speakers FAQs
How would you characterize the sound quality of Rumble Road™ speakers? MHI’s high-output, high-fidelity Rumble Road™ stereo speaker system produces crisp, powerful sound even at highway speeds. The current-generation Ultra and Premium amplified systems, and Limited non-amplified systems deliver powerful, clear audio response. Ultra and Limited models currently feature high-performance Alpine speakers, while Premiums feature high-efficiency speakers from JVC. For all models, our quality speakers are large enough to create good bass response.
Do Rumble Road™ speakers perform well at highway speeds? A number of MHI customers have given us highly enthusiastic feedback as to how good Rumble Road™ speakers sound, even at highway speeds. Customers consistently give us positive feedback in this regard. In fact, many riders claim that Rumble Roads have made them "leader of the pack"; other riders fall back so they can enjoy the Rumble Road™ speakers! (To them, we say, "Wouldn’t you rather have your own?") It’s worth noting that this is not home theater, and proper perspective is a good thing. Please keep in mind that these are 4" speakers subject to the whims of wind — the higher the volume, the greater the distortion level. But, for their size, Rumble Road™ speakers pack a great punch.
What types of audio devices can I hook up to Rumble Road™ speakers?
Easily installed on handlebars, spotlight mounting bars or forks, the current-generation Rumble Road™ Ultra and Premium speaker systems with integrated amplifiers work with virtually any smartphone or portable stereo radio, MP3, CD or cassette player featuring a standard 3.5mm mini-plug headphone jack. For devices manufactured with 2.5mm stereo jacks, adapters are available from electronics stores. Products with "floating ground" amplifiers, such as very low-end FM radios, may not work optimally with Rumble Road™ speakers. If your motorcycle or ATV is already equipped with a conventional car stereo setup, we recommend MHI’s custom non-amplified Rumble Road™ Limited speaker system.
Can I get full volume from my MP3 player? MHI’s fourth generation of Rumble Road™ amplified stereo speakers features new higher-gain, integrated amplifiers, which translates to more volume pumped through the system’s high-end speakers and better performance when paired with low-output MP3 players and other audio devices. We increased our proprietary amplifier’s voltage gain by more than 60 percent — from 20 to 33. A low-output MP3 player produces about half a volt, so volume from these devices is lower compared with other, higher-output personal stereos and smartphones that easily produce twice as much. MHI’s upgraded design now provides ubiquity, ensuring full-power output from virtually any device and making MP3s sound better, even at highway speeds.
Can Rumble Road™ speakers be used with a conventional AM/FM car stereo?
MHI’s non-amplified Limited model works with any conventional AM/FM car stereo system (either common ground or bridged) to provide high-quality sound on the go or while parked. Based on the successful Rumble Road™ Ultra and Premium amplified speaker systems, the non-amplified Limited speakers are easily installed on handlebars, spotlight mounting bars, luggage bars or forks.
How big are the speakers? The domed, spotlight enclosures that house Rumble Road™ Ultra, Premium and Limited speakers are approximately 4.75" in diameter and about 3" deep. The raw speaker is 4" in diameter.
Do the Ultra, Premium (amplified) and Limited (non-amplified) models use the same speakers? Both the Rumble Road™ Ultra and Limited systems currently use high-performance Alpine speakers. The Premium system features high-efficiency speakers from JVC. All models deliver powerful, clear audio response.
How does the integrated amplifier work? Where is it located? MHI’s custom-built amplifier mounts behind each speaker assembly within the spotlight enclosure and provides all the power needed to drive the speaker. Dual-bridged amplifiers built into each speaker produce high-fidelity sound reproduction at impressive volumes and low distortion. We are the original designers of this system.
Can I install Rumble Road™ speakers on my bike’s handlebars without drilling holes? Yes, handlebar mounting without drilling holes in the bar is possible with clamps available from MHI and included with each speaker system as a complete kit.
If my bike has a windshield, can I still mount Rumble Road™ speakers on the handlebars? Many of our customers mount Rumble Road™ speakers just inside the windshield, on the handlebars. As a guideline, allow for the 3" depth of the speaker enclosures, which are approximately 4.75" in diameter, and a standard 3/8" mounting bolt. By turning the mounting clamp opening so that it faces the seat versus the windshield, you can typically gain an additional two inches of clearance.
Where can I place my smartphone, personal stereo, CD player, cassette player or MP3 player? You can place your smartphone or audio player just about anywhere within easy and safe reach, on your bike or in your pocket.
Where can I place my car stereo?
Depending on its size, a conventional AM/FM car stereo may be mounted in one of the storage compartments, or saddlebags, outfitted on some bikes. One of the cleanest installations we’ve seen features Rumble Road™ Limited speakers together with a remote-controlled marine radio placed in a saddlebag (see below).
Are Rumble Road™ speakers connected directly to the battery? Rumble Road™ speakers can be wired either directly to a 12-volt battery, through a user-supplied switch and fuse, or to another switched and fused 12-volt source on your bike. Most of our customers wire the speakers to an existing 12-volt accessory line, headlight power line or other switched accessory on their bike, based on the generalized instructions provided in our installation manual. Your local automotive sound shop or motorcycle dealer should be able to help you find a suitable power source and properly install the system.
Can I install two sets of Rumble Road™ speakers on my bike without overtaxing the battery? You certainly can! Some of our customers have cleverly installed "quad" mounts — a pair on the handlebars and an opposing pair astride the passenger seat. If you still can’t quite picture it, this approach is beautifully illustrated by one of our customer testimonials. Each pair of Rumble Road™ Premium speakers draws 5 amps peak from the battery.
Can I use a power adapter to run my personal stereo off my bike’s power system instead of using the batteries? Yes; however, some personal stereos used in this configuration may produce ground noise amplified by the Rumble Road™ Ultras or Premiums. This noise is characterized as a high-pitched whine and occurs whether the engine is on or off. A ground loop isolator (available at most electronics stores) may be inserted between the audio device’s headphone output jack and the input to the speakers. This remedy eliminates any ground loops — and the resulting noise — between the two systems.
Do I need a noise filter to reduce interference from the engine? If you experience sound distortion caused by engine interference when your bike is running, you can easily and affordably install a noise filter. Noise filters are available in our amplified system kits for your convenience. This filter greatly attenuates electrical noise or whine produced by some motorcycle electrical/ignition systems. One filter works for both Rumble Road™ amplified speakers in the system. A noise filter is automatically included with orders for complete amplified speaker kits.
I installed a noise filter along with my amplified speakers but still get a humming noise and low volume from the speakers. How can I troubleshoot?
A hum is indicative of a bad ground – typically the signal ground. Try double-checking the signal ground from your stereo player, including all black leads connecting the player to the speakers. If the problem persists, you may have installed the speakers at a weak ground point. To remedy, try jumping a wire from the bike's negative battery terminal to the mounting bolt of each speaker. If this results in increased volume, you may need to wire in a good ground.
Are Rumble Road™ speakers waterproof? Rumble Road™ speakers are water-resistant but not waterproof. The speakers feature injected plastic cone material and are sealed tightly within the spotlight enclosure with heavy rubber washers. The tight mesh of the stainless steel grille covers also helps keep the system dry. MHI has conducted extensive, successful tests for water resistance, and customers have not reported any weather-related malfunctions with properly installed speakers.
Please note:  We highly recommend that speakers not be installed upside down, as this allows rain and other water sources to get inside the speakers, which can result ultimately in malfunction.
Are Rumble Road™ speakers prepackaged with mounting hardware, or do I have to order hardware separately? Two mounting clamps in a finish that matches your selected speakers are included with each speaker kit. You can select from two to three sizes depending on the speaker system you purchase.
Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 FAQs
What types of audio devices can I hook up to the HD Raw200 amplifier? Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 works with virtually any smartphone, portable stereo radio, MP3, CD or cassette player featuring a standard 3.5mm mini-plug headphone jack, high-level speaker input adapters or standard RCA plugs. With the exception of non-standard and/or inexpensive FM radios with floating ground outputs, most brands work. The HD Raw200 also performs well with satellite and marine radios, as well as with traditional car stereo setups that have line outputs. For devices manufactured with 2.5mm stereo jacks, adapters are available from electronics stores.
Can I use any smartphone or personal stereo with the HD Raw200? You can use Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 with virtually any smartphone, personal radio, or CD, cassette or MP3 player equipped with a standard 3.5mm mini-plug headphone jack. As noted above, for devices manufactured with 2.5mm stereo jacks, adapters are available from electronics stores. Products with "floating ground" amplifiers, such as very low-end FM radios, may not work optimally with MHI audio components. Can the HD Raw200 amplifier be used with a conventional AM/FM car stereo or amplifier?
Yes, Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 works with most car stereos or amplifiers equipped with line-level outputs or high-level outputs. The HD Raw200 features built-in universal line-level inputs and universal high-level inputs, and includes standard RCA plugs for easy interfacing with conventional AM/FM car stereos.
Can I get even more power out of my car stereo’s outputs by adding an HD Raw200 amplifier to my existing system?
Yes, typically. The HD Raw200’s inputs are floating and can be used with ground-referenced or bridged car stereo outputs.
Will Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 amplifiers work only with Rumble Road™ speakers?
No, the HD Raw200 works with most any non-amplified speaker assembly – not just product manufactured by MHI. Both 4-Ohm and 8-Ohm speakers can be used; however, if 8-Ohm speakers are used, expected power output from the HD Raw200 will be reduced by half.
What kind of sound output can I get from the Rumble Road™ HD Raw200?Our high-gain, stereo-bridged HD Raw200 amplifiers produce approximately 70 Watts continuous per channel, 100 Watts peak per channel, into 4 Ohms @ 13.6 VDC, with impedences ranging from 4 to 8 ohms. Bottom line: The amp produces 200 Watts peak per system.
How big is the HD Raw200 amplifier? How much does it weigh?The small-footprint billeted and chromed aluminum case and matching integrated mounting bracket together measure approximately 5.3” long by 3.9” wide and 1.6” deep plus cabling. The HD Raw200 amp weighs 1 lb. 15 ounces, including assembled (built-in) cabling.
Where can I install the HD Raw200 amplifier?
Measuring approximately 5.3” long by 3.9” wide and 1.6” deep, Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 is compact enough to fit just about anywhere – out in the open, or under wraps. It was specifically designed to stow away conveniently in fairing-based tourers, cruisers, baggers and other bikes where big sound and minimal space are “must haves.” However, its gleaming chrome, minimalist design and water-resistance assured by a custom-fit lid screwed at 14 points make the HD Raw200 suited for showcase locations, too. Any location you choose should allow good airflow over and around the HD Raw200 housing in order to prevent overheating the amp.
Can I connect the HD Raw200 amplifier directly to the battery? Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 is ready to wire either directly to a 12-volt battery positive lead or to another positive 12-volt source on your bike, such as an existing accessory line or headlight power line. The color-coded audio cabling and power wiring includes 2 RCA patch cables and one Y-adapter to connect the RCA inputs to a standard 3.5mm stereo plug. If you need assistance, your local automotive sound shop or motorcycle dealer should be able to help you find a suitable power source, as well as properly install the system.
The HD Raw200 includes a built-in on/off relay with control wire allowing the unit to be turned on and off through a small switch or positive 12 VDC signal, such as that which comes from some car stereos with power antenna interfaces.
Can I use a power adapter to run my smartphone or personal stereo off my bike’s power system instead of using the batteries? Yes; however, please be aware that some devices used in this configuration may produce ground noise, which is characterized as a high-pitched whine and occurs whether the engine is on or off. Systems amplified by the HD Raw200 avoid the noise issue because the amp has a built-in ground loop and power filter. This remedy eliminates any ground loops — and most of the resulting noise — between the two systems -- especially in satellite radio systems.
Will HD Raw200 work with two sets of speakers? Each Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 has dual- (or stereo-) bridged amplifiers, so you will need one HD Raw200 for each pair of non-amplified speakers installed on your bike. Some of our customers have cleverly installed "quad" mounts — one pair of Rumble Road™ speakers on the handlebars and an opposing pair astride the passenger seat. If you still can’t quite picture it, this approach is beautifully illustrated by one of our customer testimonial montages.
Is the HD Raw200 amplifier waterproof?Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 is water-resistant, meaning that it can tolerate splashed water and rain, but it is not literally waterproof and cannot tolerate submersion.
Are HD Raw200 amplifiers prepackaged with mounting hardware, or do I have to order hardware separately?For your convenience, each Rumble Road™ HD Raw200 arrives assembled with an integrated mounting bracket featuring four long screw slots, ready to mount with your preferred screws depending on the mounting location you select.
Ordering
Several ordering options are available for your convenience....
Ordering Online We offer a secured environment for your privacy and protection when ordering online from this website (see our Privacy Policy below). You may also shop from our Facebook Page.
Ordering by Telephone When ordering by telephone, please call +1.949.713.2173 during normal business hours (Pacific Time).
Ordering by Mail Mail orders to:
Sales Dept. MH Instruments 24902 Via Santa Cruz
Mission Viejo, CA 92692 What forms of payment do you accept? In the United States, MHI accepts VISA, MasterCard and American Express credit cards, cashiers' checks and money orders as forms of payment. C.O.D. service is available only when payment is made with cashier's check or money order at time of delivery. When ordering online or by telephone, please have your credit card readily available and ensure that you provide us with the card's correct billing address as it may not be the same as your shipping address. All orders are subject to verification of payment. If we have any problems with your credit card, we will call or email you for resolution and verify payment before we can ship your order.
Orders shipped within California will automatically incur 7.25% sales tax at time of order, and shipments to Orange County, Calif., will incur an additional 0.5% sales tax. Shipments outside California currently are exempt from sales tax.
International Payment Options Accepted forms of payment for orders placed outside the United States include VISA or MasterCard.
I just need mounting hardware. Is there a minimum order requirement?
No minimum order is required. What are my options if the item I want is out of stock? While we have an ample inventory of parts in stock and do our best to keep up with demand from our dealers and retail customers, we may occasionally experience backorders. We will inform you promptly of any temporarily out-of-stock products. In addition, we will ship any backordered items the same day we receive them, and notify you when your order has actually been shipped.
How quickly can I get my order delivered, and what will it cost? MHI normally ships in-stock items within 24 hours of receipt. We offer FREE Priority Mail or UPS Ground shipping for U.S. orders placed directly with MH Instruments and, currently, a flat $20 for international orders. Please allow 3-5 days for shipments within the United States, longer for international orders.
Are there special considerations for international shipments? Customers are responsible for applicable customs charges, VAT and other taxes, and any other costs associated with non-standard delivery of purchases from MH Instruments.
My package was damaged in shipping. What do I do? If the package you receive has been damaged in shipping, please do not refuse delivery. Contact MHI Customer Service at service@mhinstruments.com or +1.949.713.2173 so that we may make the necessary arrangements on your behalf.
Shipping
MHI normally ships in-stock items within 24 hours of receipt. We offer FREE Priority Mail or UPS Ground shipping for most U.S. orders placed directly with MH Instruments (accessory items may ship USPS First Class), and a flat $20 shipping fee for international orders. Please allow 3-5 days for shipments within the United States, longer for international orders.
Returns
What's involved in returning an order? If for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with an MHI product purchased directly from MH Instruments, you may return it for a refund or exchange within 90 days. Just return the product to us in like-new condition, along with the extended warranty form enclosed with your new product, within 90 days from the date it was shipped to you, and we will refund the full purchase price less shipping costs, which are nonrefundable. MHI reserves the right to determine whether a full or partial refund or an exchange is merited based on the condition of the returned merchandise. Returns made after our 90-day guarantee expires are subject to a 10% restocking fee. Defective products or products sent to you in error will be exchanged or refunded in full.
For purchases not made directly from MH Instruments, please contact the dealer who sold you the product for their return policy.
Third-Party Sales Please note that MH Instruments will only accept returns for refunds from those customers who have purchased directly from MHI.  Please return MHI products purchased elsewhere to the dealer or representative from whom you bought the merchandise originally.
How to Return an Order When returning merchandise to us, please follow these simple procedures to ensure a smooth return:
Use the original carton(s), if possible.
Pack the merchandise securely to prevent scratching or other damage.
Enclose a copy of your invoice.
Enclose a completed copy of the return/repair form located on the last page of your owner manual or inserted in the manual
Ship the item(s) to us prepaid via USPS with Delivery Confirmation or UPS. Please retain your tracking number. You may want to insure the returned merchandise for its full value to protect yourself against loss. Please do not return goods to us C.O.D.; we cannot accept C.O.D. shipments from customers.
Send to: MH Instruments Service, 1040 Hillcrest, Pomona, CA 91768 USA.
What if I'm making a return from outside the United States? Please follow the instructions for returning an order (see above). In addition, please write clearly on the outside of the carton: CONTENTS: RETURN GOODS OF U.S. ORIGIN.
Guarantee / Warranty
What sort of guarantee does MHI offer? What about warranty information? MH Instruments now provides a 90-day satisfaction guarantee on products and services purchased directly from MHI, and a two-year warranty on parts and labor. We do not provide warranty coverage of inventory close-outs, which are noted when applicable.
90-Day Satisfaction Guarantee If for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with an MHI product purchased directly from us, you may return it to us for a refund or exchange. Just return the product to us in like-new condition within 90 days from the date it was purchased from us, and we will refund the full purchase price less shipping costs, which are nonrefundable. MHI reserves the right to determine whether a full or partial refund or an exchange is merited based on the condition of the returned merchandise.
Warranty
MH Instruments warrants each new product it manufactures to be free from defective materials and workmanship. MHI agrees to remedy any such defect or replace the unit, at our option, provided the unit is delivered to us, intact, with all transportation charges prepaid to our factory, for a period of two (2) years from the date of MHI-direct sale to the original purchaser or for a period of one (1) year from the date of third-party sale to the original purchaser. Inventory close-out items are not included in our warranty.
Used and Damaged Merchandise
Any product that we determine shows evidence of being used or installed contrary to our instructions, and/or subjected to improper handling, packaging or shipping by the customer, will not be eligible for exchange, refund or warranty consideration.
Restocking Fees
We reserve the right to charge a minimum restocking fee of 10% or to refuse any exceptions to our return policy.
Privacy & Security
I don't want my personal information shared. Will MHI respect my privacy? Your privacy is important to us, and MHI is committed to protecting your online shopping experience. To better protect your privacy, we outline here our online information practices, and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
In general, we use information we collect from you to process orders and to ensure a smooth and secure online shopping experience. The following explains how and what information is collected, how it is used and how it is protected. Does MHI use cookies? "Cookies" are small fragments of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We do not use cookies to store any personally identifying information, but we do use them to provide convenience features such as store items in your shopping cart. When your order is complete, the content is emptied. To place products in a shopping cart and submit an order online, you must enable your browser to accept cookies. If you do not want to enable cookies, you can turn them off in your browser; however, you will not be able to place orders from our website. One solution is to leave cookies on and delete them after your browsing and ordering session, or you may place your order by telephone.
What kind of personal information does MHI collect? From our site, you can order products, make requests and register to receive materials. When you place an order, we collect your name, address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date, and email address. We use this information to process and fill your order, and to contact you about the order.
We collect information to monitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us improve the design of the site. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers to reputable third-party vendors; however, this data does not contain any personally identifying information.
How does MHI use the information it collects? We use your personal information only to complete your online order or respond to your request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order or respond to your information request. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information by MH Instruments as described herein.
Will I end up on someone's mailing list if I contact MHI via email?
Our Contact Us page provides several email addresses for your convenience when contacting us. Information collected through these email exchanges is only used to correspond with you regarding your message. email addresses and other information that you send through this page are not made available to anyone outside the company.
Can I expect MHI to contact me in the future? MHI may occasionally email you to notify you of significant changes in our website or to make you aware of special offers that may be of interest. If you do not want to receive these site notifications or special offers, you will have the opportunity to unsubscribe. We do not make this information available to other companies.
In addition, we may distribute email newsletters containing special offers, sales notifications and other information of interest pertaining to our products. You may change or remove your email address using the option included with every email newsletter. We do not make these newsletter addresses available to other companies.