https://www.stjustin.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Home
About Us
Wholesale
Blog
FAQs
Contact Us
Worldwide shipping available and Free UK shipping on all retail orders over £30
Menu
Product Search
Show all results
Browse
Jewellery
Accessories
Gifts
Collections
Metals
St Justin default
Quick Links
Christmas
Black Friday
New Products
Miracle Jewellery
Rings / Thumb Rings
Egyptian
Tin / 10th Anniversary
Bronze / 8th Anniversary
Gift Wrapping
available on all products
Delivery & Returns
UK & International delivery
» Find out more «
Lifetime Guarantee
to give you peace of mind
» Find out more «
Register a Product
Register your product with St Justin to activate your lifetime guarantee.
Register Product
Newsletter
Register for our newsletter to get news, plus details of special offers and new products.
Subscribe
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At stjustin.co.uk we use cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket, and to remember you when you return to our site.
To order products on stjustin.co.uk, you need to have cookies enabled . If you don’t wish to enable cookies, you’ll still be able to browse the site and use it for research purposes. Most web browsers have cookies enabled, but see Managing cookies for help to turn them on should you need to.
Please note that cookies can’t harm your computer. We don’t store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products to show you when you’re browsing.
We’re giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we’re honest and clear about your privacy when using our website.
Our cookies policy
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features on stjustin.co.uk, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of this website by using them.
Our cookies don’t store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the ‘key’ that, once you’re signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you’d prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from stjustin.com, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the ‘Help’ menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone’s handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Managing cookies
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your shopping experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching; you won’t be able to add products to your basket and buy them.
To enable cookies
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ optionFor Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Click the ‘Under the Hood’ tab, locate the ‘Privacy’ section, and select the ‘Content settings’ button
Now select ‘Allow local data to be set’
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Internet options’ , then click on the ‘Privacy’ tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on ‘Tools’ at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select ‘allow sites to set cookies’
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’, check the option that says ‘Block third-party and advertising cookies’
Click ‘Save’
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
Click on ‘Explorer’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Preferences’ options
Scroll down until you see ‘Cookies’ under Receiving Files
Select the ‘Never Ask’ option
Safari on OSX
Click on ‘Safari’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Click on ‘Security’ then ‘Accept cookies’
Select the ‘Only from site you navigate to’
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on ‘Mozilla’ or ‘Netscape’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘Preferences’ option
Scroll down until you see cookies under ‘Privacy & Security’
Select ‘Enable cookies for the originating web site only’
Opera
Click on ‘Menu’ at the top of your browser window and select ‘Settings’
Then select ‘Preferences’, select the ‘Advanced’ tab
Then select ‘Accept cookies’ option
St Justin Ltd, Cuxhaven Way, Long Rock, Penzance, Cornwall, TR20 8HX, UK
Company no. 4529664 – VAT no. GB 792441024
Phone: +44 (0) 1736 369600  Email: sales25@stjustin.co.uk
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
This site uses cookies. By using this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookies policy for more details.
Close