http://www.weddingbands.com/privacy.asp
Categories
Men's Wedding Bands
Women's Wedding Rings
Classic
Plain Bands
Diamond Bands
Modern Bands
Hand Made
Jewelry
Education
Privacy Policy
Services and Policies
Privacy
Privacy Policy
We understand the privacy concerns relating to purchasing your wedding bands over the Internet.
At WeddingBands.com, your personal information will always be kept
confidential. We will not sell and/or rent or disclose any information about you to any outside parties.
Protecting your	security remains is primary concern. All transactions are processed with the Norton Secured
Secure Site Program. All personal and transactional	information is transmitted over a secure encrypted server.
The security and protection of our customers' personal information is our top priority and is especially important in our business of
wedding rings and diamond wedding bands. We have a seasoned	team of professionals overseeing our operations and have never
had a problem with securing the privacy of our customer	information.
To process your	order, we require your name, phone number, billing address,
email address, shipping address and credit card information.
We only use	this information to create your account and/or to process your
order. If any questions arise about your order we will contact you first by email and then, if necessary, by phone.
We share only necessary information with the third parties that are involved
in the order process, such as the financial institution that issued your credit card (NOTE: We would be obligated to
disclose individual personal information if Wedding	Bands.com were to be subpoenaed or ordered by a court of law.)
If you have any questions or comments regarding this statement, please contact CustomerService@WeddingBands.com.
Information
About Us
WeddingBands Blog
FAQ
About Our Rings
Ring Size Chart
Free Ring Sizer
Order Status
Policies
Service and Policies
Lifetime Warranty
Delivery
Education
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Sitemap
Contact
Contact Us
Call Us: +1 (888) 422-4333
CustomerService@WeddingBands.com
© Copyright
1995-2020 WeddingBands.com. All rights reserved