http://www.safariland.com/policies/terms-of-service
Skip to content
Terms of service
The Safariland website located at www.Safariland.com, and all associated sites linked by Safariland, its subsidiaries and affiliates (the "Website") is owned and operated by Safariland, LLC ("Safariland"), with address at 13386 International Parkway, Jacksonville, FL 32218.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
Your access to and use of this Website is subject to these terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use"), as well as all applicable laws and regulations in the United States. Please read these Terms of Use carefully. BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE AUTHORIZED TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE.
Safariland reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. You are encouraged to review the Website and these Terms of Use periodically for updates and changes. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes.
This Website provides users with access to information and materials specific to products and services offerings by Safariland, along with the ability to purchase certain products and services through the use of Safariland's E-commerce platform. Throughout these Terms of Use, the capitalized terms "Products" and "Services" are used to refer to any and all of the products and services of Safariland identified, described, illustrated, or offered on the Website.
This Website is intended only for users who are at least 18 years of age. Users shall comply with all applicable local, state, and federal law in purchasing, possessing or using the Products. If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us as described on www.safariland.com.
PRIVACY
The Website contains certain areas where Safariland may allow you to provide certain information. This information is collected in order to allow Safariland to engage you as a user of the Website. Safariland's Privacy Policy, which is made part of these Terms of Use, also governs the use of this Website. The Privacy Policy can be found online here. Please review the Privacy Policy for detailed description regarding the use of any information you provide to us.
ACCOUNTS, PASSWORDS, AND SECURITY
Portions of the Website may be available only by secure login and may require you to create an account and a password. If you elect to do so, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, and choose a password and user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to: (a) immediately notify Safariland of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware, and (b) exit completely from your account at the end of each online session. Safariland will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Safariland or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.
REVIEWS AND COMMENTS
We welcome your comments regarding this Website. However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively, "Comments") sent through the Safariland.com website shall be and remain the exclusive property of Safariland. Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Safariland of all worldwide right, title and interest in and to all copyright and other intellectual property rights in the Comments. Safariland will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute forever in all formats known and unknown any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. You may not use a false email address or otherwise attempt to falsely assume the identity of any person or entity, or to mislead as to the origin of any Comments. Safariland reserves the right, without assuming any obligation, to remove or edit any Comments.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit this Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this Website. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms of Use.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website may contain hyperlinks to other sites owned and operated by parties other than Safariland. Such hyperlinks are provided only for ready reference and ease of use. We do not control such websites and cannot be held responsible for their content or accuracy and do not endorse these sites unless we specifically so state. In the event the Website provides hyperlinks to other websites that are not owned, operated or maintained by Safariland, you acknowledge and agree that Safariland is not responsible for and is not liable for the content, products, services or other materials on or available from such websites. We accept no liability for any information, products, advertisements, content, services or software accessible through these third party websites or for any action you may take as a result of linking to any such website. Any such websites are likely to set forth specific terms of use and privacy policies that you should review. Safariland is under no obligation to maintain any link on the Website and may remove a link at any time in its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever. Safariland shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on such content, products, services or other materials available on or through any such website. Safariland is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE, COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE
The Website contains text, pictures, graphics, logos, button items, images, works of authorship, and other content (collectively with all information and material about the Safariland brand, and Product and Service offerings, "Content"). All of the Content you see and hear on the Safariland.com Website, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, video clips and text, are subject to trademark, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Safariland or third parties who have licensed their materials to Safariland.
NO OWNERSHIP OR EDITORIAL CONTROL OF THIRD PARTY CONTENT; NO STATEMENT AS TO ACCURACY
To the extent that any of the Content included in the Website is provided by third party content providers, Safariland has no editorial control or responsibility over such Content. Therefore, any opinions, statements, products, services or other information expressed or made available by third party suppliers on this Website are those of such third party suppliers. Safariland does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or other information provided by any third party, or represent or warrant that your use of the Content displayed on this Website or referenced content or service providers will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Safariland.
COPYRIGHT
Except as otherwise expressly stated, all Content appearing on this Website is the copyrighted work of Safariland or its third party content suppliers and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all Content is also the exclusive property of Safariland and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You may download information from this Website and print out a hard copy for your personal use provided that you keep intact and do not remove or alter any copyright or other notice (e.g., trademark, patent, etc.) contained in the information. Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, you may not alter, modify, copy, distribute (for compensation or otherwise), transmit, display, perform, reproduce, reuse, post, publish, license, frame, download, store for subsequent use, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or Content obtained from this Website, in whole or in part, including any text, images, audio, and video in any manner, without the prior written authorization of Safariland or any applicable third party suppliers. The use of Content, including images, by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by Safariland. Any unauthorized use of text or images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable regulations and statutes. Safariland does not warrant or represent that your use of Content, Products and Services or any other materials displayed on this Website will not infringe upon the rights of third parties.
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT ("DMCA") INFORMATION
Safariland respects the intellectual property of others, and we require our users to do the same while using our Website.
Safariland reserves the right to determine what constitutes inappropriate behavior and to ban offenders at its sole discretion and/or take other action against users who infringe the copyright rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing the following information (as required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. sec. 512):
A physical or electronic signature of person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright holder of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that website;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright of Safariland, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the service provider of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, be aware that there can be penalties for false claims. Please send Copyright infringement claim notices to:
Safariland, LLC Attn:Legal Department13386 International ParkwayJacksonville, FL 32218 USA
TRADEMARKS
Safariland®, Second Chance®, American Body Armor®, Protech®, Savvy®, Bianchi®, Hatch®, Monadnock®, Defense Technology®, B-Square®, KleenBore®, Break Free®, SpeedFeed® and Forensics Source® are trademarks or registered trademarks of Safariland. Safariland and other parties may also have trademark rights in other terms used throughout this Website. The domain name for this Website, all page headers, custom graphics, and button icons are service marks, trademarks, logos, and/or trade dress of Safariland. All other trademarks, service marks, trade dress, product names, company names or logos, whether registered or not, on the Website are the property of their respective owners.
LIMITED LICENSE AND WEBSITE ACCESS; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Other than as expressly provided herein, this Website or any portion of this Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Safariland. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Safariland without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Safariland's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Safariland. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Safariland.com so long as the link does not portray Safariland, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Website or the Content; any collection and use of any listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Website or the Content; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not use any Safariland logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission of Safariland. Safariland reserves all rights not expressly granted. Any unauthorized use terminates the permissions or license granted by Safariland under this Terms of Use.
PROHIBITED USE
Any use or attempted use of this Website (i) for any unlawful, unauthorized, fraudulent or malicious purpose, or (ii) that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server, or the network(s) connected to any server, or (iii) interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Website, or (iv) to gain unauthorized access to any other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any server or systems through hacking, password mining or any other means, or (v) to access systems, data or information not intended by Safariland to be made accessible to a user, or (vi) attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available by Safariland, or (vii) any use other than the business purpose for which it was intended, is prohibited. In addition, in connection with your use of the Website, you agree you will not:
Upload or transmit any message, information, data, text, software or images, or other content ("Material") that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable, or that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity;
Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others or impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any Safariland representative, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Upload or transmit any material that you do not have a right to reproduce, display or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another;
Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to any communication feature;
Use the Website's communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of repetitive text);
Upload or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation, commercial or otherwise;
Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
Upload or transmit any material that infringes any patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity;
Manipulate or otherwise display the Website by using framing, mirroring or similar navigational technology or directly link to any portion of the Website other than the main homepage in accordance with the Limited License and Website Access outlined above;
Probe, scan, test the vulnerability of or breach the authentication measures of, this Website or any related networks or systems;
Register, subscribe, attempt to register, attempt to subscribe, unsubscribe, or attempt to unsubscribe, any party for any Products and Services if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so;
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses; or
Use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated or manual means to access this Website, or copy any content or information on this Website.
Safariland reserves the right to take whatever lawful actions it may deem appropriate in response to actual or suspected violations of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the suspension or termination of the user's access and/or account. Safariland may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Except as may be expressly limited by the Privacy Policy, Safariland reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Safariland deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Safariland's sole discretion.
RIGHT TO MONITOR
Safariland neither actively monitors general use of this Website under normal circumstances nor exercises editorial control over the content of any third party's website, e-mail transmission, news group, or other material created or accessible over or through this Website. However, Safariland does reserve the right to monitor such use at any time as it deems appropriate and to remove any materials that, in Safariland's sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject Safariland to liability, may violate these Terms of Use, or are, in the sole discretion of Safariland, inconsistent with Safariland's purpose for this Website.
PURCHASES; OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Website, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to purchase, use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Website or for any service offered on or through the Website, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Website or the specific service.
Safariland's obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Website should be construed to alter such agreements.
Safariland may make changes to any products or services offered on the Website, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Website with respect to products and services may be out of date, and Safariland makes no commitment to update the materials on the Website with respect to such products and services.
PRICING
Except where noted otherwise, the List Price displayed for products on our Website represents the full retail price listed on the product. Prices are listed by Safariland and are subject to change from time to time.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Safariland attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Safariland does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this Website is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Safariland itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
ERRORS AND INACCURACIES
The information on this Website may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, Safariland shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is mispriced, Safariland may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
SHIPPING AND DELIVERY ESTIMATES; CREDIT CARD CHARGES; RISK OF LOSS
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all shipping times specified on the Website are good-faith approximations only, based on the total estimated time to process your order. Please note that this is not a guaranteed delivery date for your order. Shipments to some areas may take longer due to the frequency of deliveries to the delivery zip code, delays in inventory or packaging, transit time to the delivery provider, and transit time to the delivery address.
In the event that we make an express promise to deliver an order within a certain time, we will provide reasonable notification to you if we are unable to fulfill the order in the promised time, and will provide you with further information regarding the delay and your options.
Due to the inherently custom nature of many of the products available for purchase on the Website, it is our policy to process all credit card charges in full at the time an order is submitted. By submitting an order on the Website, you agree that your credit card will be charged in full for the balance of your order at the time the order is submitted.
Title to products which you purchase on the Website, and all associated risk of loss, passes to you upon our delivery of the products to the shipment carrier. In the event that a product return is necessary, title and risk of loss remains with you until the product arrives at our facility.
RETURNS AND REFUNDS
Safariland truly appreciates your purchase of our products. We understand that there may be circumstance where you want to return a product. If you would like to return a product, simply contact our customer care department (1-800-347-1200) within 30 days of the ship date of your order. All returns are subject to the following conditions:
Provide your original receipt and order number, which is printed on both the packing slip and invoice. Once accepted, we will issue a return authorization (RA) number and return shipping address. The assigned RA number should be visible on the outside of the package or the package may be rejected and returned at your expense.
Returns will be accepted only if product is in original packaging, new condition and undamaged, as determined solely in the discretion of Safariland.
Products sold as clearance are not eligible for return. Also, the following products are not eligible for return: books, video tapes and DVD's.
Safariland reserves the right to charge a restocking fee of up to 20% for returns of greater than 5 duplicate products.
Safariland is not responsible for return shipping. You should retain tracking number, confirmation, and shipping paperwork for the return shipment.
If a product is returned within this time frame and conditions, Safariland will exchange it or offer a refund based upon the original payment method. For check transactions over $250, Safariland will mail a refund check to you within ten (10) business days.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
Safariland Website may be administered and operated from various locations within or outside the United States. Although the Website is accessible worldwide, not all features, products or services discussed, referenced, provided or offered through or on the Website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside the United States. Safariland reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. Any offer for any feature, product or service made on the Website is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Website from outside the United States, this is on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
MISCELLANEOUS
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Website, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.
VIOLATION OF TERMS OF USE
Safariland may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Website, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Safariland's rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Website, including Safariland's customers. Safariland reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Safariland deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Safariland also may disclose your information when Safariland determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that Safariland may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Safariland through the Website or any service offered on or through the Website, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Safariland determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Safariland, its employees, users of or visitors to the Website, and the public.
You agree that Safariland may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Website. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Safariland, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Safariland obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Safariland deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Safariland may have at law or in equity.
You agree that Safariland may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Website or any service offered on or through the Website, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If Safariland does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, Safariland will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to Safariland. You agree that Safariland will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Website as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Safariland, its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, advertisers, sponsors, content partners and affiliates from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from your breach of the Terms of Use.
EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES; DISCLAIMER
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE WEBSITE AND WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SAFARILAND AND ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THEIR RELATED COMPANIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY: (1) WARRANTIES THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (2) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, SECURITY, USEFULNESS, TIMELINESS, OR INFORMATIONAL CONTENT OF THE WEBSITE OR WEBSITE CONTENT; (3) WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (4) WARRANTIES FOR SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON OUR WEBSITE OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE WEBSITE; (5) WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE; (6) WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED; VIRUS-FREE OR ERROR-FREE AND (7) WARRANTIES THAT ERRORS IN THE WEBSITE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED.
Safariland does not warrant or make any representations regarding availability, accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the materials, services, text, graphics, and or links associated with this Website. If your use of this Website or the materials, services, text, graphics, and or links associated with this Website results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, Safariland is not responsible for those costs. The material associated with this Website is provided solely for entertainment and promotional purposes. The information and opinions expressed in News Feeds, Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs or other forums conducted on this website ("Forums") are not necessarily those of Safariland or its content providers, advertisers or sponsors and Safariland makes no representations or warranties regarding that information or those opinions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SAFARILAND OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, OR ANY RELATED COMPANIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE WEBSITE OR THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF SAFARILAND HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITIES OF THOSE DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT, THE COST OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY LOSS OF DATA, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED FROM PURCHASES OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS PREDICATED UPON YOUR WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT TO SAFARILAND DIRECTLY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
APPLICABLE LAW; DISPUTES
By visiting Safariland.com, you agree that the laws of the State of Florida, without application of any conflict of laws provisions. The U.N. Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. The Parties agree that any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be litigated only in state or federal court in Duval County, Florida. The Company hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and agrees not to contest venue.
SEVERABILITY
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to bevoid or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Safariland with regard to your use of the Website, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Safariland with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. Other than as provided in a purchase agreement you enter into with Safariland, Safariland will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. Safariland's failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Safariland of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between Safariland and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
NOTICES
Any notices to you from Safariland regarding the Website or these Terms of Use will be posted on this Website or made by e-mail or regular mail.
UPDATES TO THESE TERMS OF USE
These Terms of Use may be changed, modified, supplemented or updated by Safariland from time to time without advance notice by posting here, and you will be bound by any such changed, modified, supplemented or updated Terms of Use if you continue to use this Website after such changes are posted. Unless otherwise indicated, any new Content, Products or Services added to this Website will also be subject to these Terms of Use effective upon the date of any such addition. You are encouraged to review the Website and these Terms of Use periodically for updates and changes. The current version of the applicable Terms of Use will always be listed in the "Last Updated" section of this Terms of Use.
SOCIAL MEDIA CONTESTS
To provide fair and equal chance of winning to all Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) participants or followers,the following terms and conditions will apply for all contests on this Website, as well as via Facebook, Twitter and Instagram websites or applications.
ENTERING CONTESTS AND CHOOSING AND CONTACTING WINNERS
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER ANY WEBSITE CONTEST. PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE CHANCES OF WINNING. Contest and promotions are open to US residents only. All participants must be 18 years of age or older, unless otherwise stated and/or posted.
Winners of random social media contests will be chosen at random from "follower" participation. Entrants must follow the action requested in the contest announcement. For example, "like" a photo; "post" and "tag" a photo; "tag" yourself on a provided photo; "comment" on a post. Safariland is not responsible for and will not consider incomplete or incorrect entries, or emails sent or entries mailed but not received by stated contest deadline for any reason, as potential contest winners. Winners of all contests will be contacted at the "follower" social media profile used to enter the contest, and the person receiving and replying to the winner announcement message will be considered the winner unless they specify another person within the reply message as the winner. Safariland will mail the contest prize to the address supplied by the recipient of the winner announcement message. Only one entry per social media profile used to enter will be considered for contest entry, unless multiple entries are specifically allowed in the contest posting. Unless otherwise specified in an individual contest post, no person may enter any contest more than once using multiple social media profiles. Claiming of prizes requires a reply to Safariland from the winning social media profile within 15 days of being notified of winning at the social media profile used to enter. Failure to respond shall mean that the winner forfeits the prize. Safariland is not required to award elsewhere any prizes forfeited by the chosen winner(s).
SUBMISSION OF PHOTO, TEXT OR OTHER CONTENT FOR CONTESTS
Entries selected for display and to win "best of" contests and any other contests requiring photo, text or other content from the entrants will be judged entirely at the discretion of Safariland. By submitting any photo or information to Safariland, you hereby grant to Safariland and its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees and assigns, an irrevocable, perpetual and royalty-free right to use, reproduce, edit, display, transmit, prepare derivative works of, modify, publish and otherwise make use of the submitted photo or other information in any and all media, whether now known or hereinafter created, throughout the world and for any purpose. In addition to other things, the rights granted to Safariland includes but is not limited to the right to resize, crop, censor, compress, edit, feature, caption, affix logos to, and to otherwise alter or make use of the submitted photo. By submitting any photo or information to Safariland, you hereby represent and warrant that the submitted photo or information does not and shall not infringe on any copyright, any rights of privacy or publicity of any person, or any other right of any third party, and you have the right to grant any and all rights and licenses granted to Safariland herein, including but not limited to all necessary rights under copyright, free and clear of any claims or encumbrances. You acknowledge and agree that Safariland shall have no obligation to post, display or otherwise make publicly available any photo or information submitted by you, and may, in its sole and unfettered discretion, remove, edit, modify or delete any photo or information that you submit to Safariland. You understand and intend that any photo or information submitted by you to Safariland may be available for viewing, rating, review and comment on by the public, and understand that comments or ratings with which you disagree or are unhappy about may be published or otherwise become associated with any photo or information you submit to Safariland. By submitting any photo or information to Safariland, you hereby waive any privacy expectations that you may have with respect to any such photo or information submitted by you to Safariland.
You hereby agree to hold Safariland and its affiliates, subsidiaries, licensees, sponsors and assigns harmless from and against, and hereby waive any right to pursue, any claims of any nature arising in connection with the inclusion in, publication via or display on any Safariland site, or any other use authorized under these Terms, of any photo or information submitted to Safariland by you;
Photos or information submitted by you to the Website shall be the property of Safariland, and Safariland shall have no obligation to preserve, return or otherwise make available to you or others any photos or information so submitted.
AWARDING PRIZES
Winners are solely responsible for all taxes and/or fees that may be incurred. All cash winners are required to verify proper and legal picture identification and Social Security number within 30 days of notification of winning the cash prize. Winner may forfeit any and all cash winnings if verification cannot or has not been made within 30 days. Upon proper verification, cash winnings will be awarded by check, and mailed to winner's mailing address within seven (7) business days.
Each prize winner must supply Safariland with his/her legal name, mailing address, birth date, daytime and nighttime telephone numbers. In the case of a cash winner, winner must also supply social security number.
Winners may not request substitutions of prize winnings. All winners are solely responsible for any and all taxes and/or fees, and all such additional costs that may be incurred.
Neither Safariland, Safariland sponsors, nor employees of Safariland or sponsors may be held liable for any warranty, costs, damage, injury, or any other claims incurred as a result of usage of any winners of a prize once possession has been taken of the product by winner. Safariland is not liable for any loss arising out of or in connection with or resulting from any contest promoted by Safariland.
If the specified prize becomes unavailable due to unforeseen circumstances, Safariland may substitute a prize of like or equal value.
For a list of contest winner names, mail a letter specifying the contest you are inquiring about and include a self-addressed and prepaid envelope to Safariland LLC, 3120 E. Mission Blvd. Ontario, CA 9176.
Management, employees and families of Safariland are prohibited from winning any prizes awarded by Safariland.
Safariland reserves the right to alter any rules of any contest at any time. If you have any questions or complaints about a Safariland contest, please contact Safariland.
FEEDBACK AND INFORMATION
Any feedback you provide at this Website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Safariland shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis. The information contained in this Website is subject to change without notice.
LAST UPDATED
The Terms of Use for this Website were last updated on September 1, 2014. Please check our Terms of Use periodically for changes.
Get the Safariland Newsletter
Get the SITREP on promotions, product news and exclusive offers.
Sign Up
Find a Dealer
Find a dealer near you with Safariland’s dealer locator.
Search