http://www.fromages.com/en/personnal-data-policy
My Basket
Total: 0.00€
Checkout
Close
Subscribe to our newsletter
Homepage > Personnal data policy
Personnal data privacy policy
FROMAGES.COM is care about the protection of your personal data. The purpose of this policy is to explain how your personal data are collected and processed through the website www.fromages.com.We recommend that you carefully review this policy in order to understand our commitments and your rights regarding your personal data.For any question or information related to this data privacy policy, please contact us.ControllerThe personal data collected through the website www.fromages.com (Hereinafter the « Website »), are processed by the company FROMAGES.COM, publisher of the Website, whose register office is located at Marché de gros de Tours case 108 avenue Vatel 37000 Tour - France.
Purposes of the data processing I) Personal data processed through the WebsiteYour personal data may be collected and processed by FROMAGES.COM for the purpose of:
Insuring the creation and management of your user account on your initiative. Your user account allows you to place orders online on the Website, to benefit from sales-service, to keep in memory your favorite products, to benefit from promotional offers on our Website, etc.
Sending you advertising emails, with your consent, to inform you about FROMAGES.COM’s products news, to provide recipe ideas, etc.
Contact FROMAGES.COM through the contact form provided on the Website www.fromages.com. Within this framework, personal data are processed for the purpose of responding to your contact requests or information requests.
Targeting advertising, with your prior consent; once the personal data collected, such data may be processed by FROMAGES.COM in the legitimate interest of carrying out internal statistics, comparatives studies, segmentation studies, without prejudice of your right to object; and to carrying out targeting advertising via advertising companies or social networks like Facebook or Google. You have the right to object to such use of your personal data.
To exercise these rights, you may contact us by email at the following address: DPO@lactalis.fr.
II) Personal data processed through the Facebook page, Instagram page and Twitter page of FROMAGES.COMWhen you browse on www.fromages.com, you can visit our Facebook page, Instagram page and Twitter page (hereinafter the « Pages »).When you visit our Pages, your personal data may be collected and processed by FROMAGES.COM for the purpose of:
Our legitimate interest:
Obtaining anonymous statistics on the visitors of our Pages.
Using such information for promotions management of FROMAGES.COM’s brands.
Responding to your messages.
With your consent:
Displaying targeted advertising
FROMAGES.COM operate in conjunction with the social networks Facebook, Instagram and Twitter on data processing to establish audience statistics on visits to the Pages, which allows us to understand how visitors interact with us.Data processing carried out within this framework are essentially carried out by the installation of cookies, by Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, on the computer, a tablet or a mobile of the individuals whose has visited the Pages.To learn more about data policy or cookies management of Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, and how to exercise your rights directly before Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, we invite you to read the pages below:
https://fr-fr.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
https://fr-fr.facebook.com/help/instagram/155833707900388/
https://help.instagram.com/1896641480634370
https://twitter.com/fr/privacy
https://help.twitter.com/fr/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
Legal basis for processing and retention periodFROMAGES.COM retains your personal data for the retention periods specified hereinafter and   process your personal data on the basis of legal basis specified hereinafter:
Purposes
Retention periods
Legal basis
Client account management
7 years following the last contact for the client
Contract performance
Products orders management placed on the Website Fromages.com
10  years following the date of collection of the data.
Contract performance
Contact management and/or information requests
36 months following the date of collection of the data.
Legitimate interest
Commercial prospection (sending newsletters)
3 years from the last contact, unless you express an objection to such use.
Consent
Bank information retention after a products order placed on the Website Fromages.com
Bank information will be kept for the period necessary to the transaction.
Contract performance
Analytic management (audience measurement, statistical, comparatives studies, segmentation studies, etc.)
13 months after the cookies installation.
Consent
CookiesThe Website may use cookies.A cookie is a text file that a website store on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies allow a website to recognize the devise you are using and to memorize your actions and preferences for a certain period of time. Cookies therefore allow to facilitate your navigation on the website by not making you to enter these information each time you use the website.The Website includes an application that allow you to manage your consent to the use of cookies and the deactivation of the cookies.For addition information on the cookies management policy of the Website, you can consult the Cookies Management Policy by clicking here.Data recipients Data recipients are:
The persons authorized within FROMAGES.COM who are in charge of the processing of your personal data. These persons have only access to the data they need in the course of their duties.
Our subcontractors in charge of the management of your data, on behalf of FROMAGES.COM, for the hosting of the Website and the application maintenance, the management of advertising in connection with the Website, if you have checked the appropriate box, the delivery and payment of your orders.
Your rights and remediesYou have the right to access to your personal data, to rectify and obtain erasure of your personal data. You also benefit from the right to restriction of processing and the right to object. At any time, you can oppose the dissemination, transmission and conservation of your data.You also have the right to define the instructions relating to the retention, erasure and communication of your personal data after your death in accordance with Article 85 of the French Data Protection Act.To exercise these rights, you may contact us by email at the following address: DPO@fromages.com or by post at: DPO – LGPO – Direction des Affaires Juridiques 10 à 20 rue Adolphe Beck 53000 Laval (France).We will do what is necessary to respond satisfactorily to your requests. If, for whatever reason, you feel that the response is not satisfying, we inform you that you may contact the CNIL (Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés), French data protection authority.
Contact usFor any question or information related to this Data Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights above mentioned, you may contact us by email at the following address: DPO@fromages.com  or by post at: DPO – LGPO – Direction des Affaires Juridiques 10 à 20 rue Adolphe Beck 53000 Laval (France).
Worldwide delivery
Track your order
From our french cellar to your table
Customer service & contact