https://www.funkytrunks.com/content/6-privacy-policy
WOMEN & GIRLS
Click to go to Funkita. Your current shopping cart will carry over so you can purchase both Funky Trunks & Funkita products in one transaction.
(0 item)
AUD
Log In/Sign Up
Menu
Swimwear
Performance
Skincare
Underwear
Beachwear
TOPS
Accessories
PROMOS
Outlet
Hassle Free Shipping
SHOP CURRENT PROMOS
Simple Returns
Feature Products
20% off Salty Santa
20% off Christmas Crackers
10% off Stocking Fillers
CURRENT PROMOS
Last Size Sale Mens
Last Size Sale Boys
NAUTICAL
Funky Trunks Essentials
Swimwear
Mens
Boys
Toddlers
Performance
Skincare
Underwear
Mens
Boys
Beachwear
Mens
Tops
Mens
Boys
Accessories
Swimming Caps
Backpacks
Towels
Get a Head Baseball Cap
Funky Goggles
Training Aids
Water Bottles
Instructor Rash Vest
Gift Vouchers
Outlet
Outlet Mens
Outlet Boys
Outlet Accessories
Categories
Collections
Athletes
Competitions
Events
Share
Newsletter
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Subscription successful
Home>Privacy policy
Privacy policy
PRIVACY ACT &  APPLICABLE DATA PROTECTION LAW We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide a general overview of our policy in respect of the handling of your personal information. Your "personal information" is essentially information or an opinion about you as an identified or reasonably identifiable individual. We are the controller of the personal data that you submit to us and take responsibility for your personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Way Funky Company Pty Ltd is based in Australia, it is an "organisation" and "APP (Australian Privacy Principles) Entity" for the purposes of the Privacy Act 1988 ("Act"), and is subject to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Act. In case you are an individual and reside in the European Union or the European Economic Area, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, OJ L 119 of 4 May 2016, p. 1-88) and domestic data protection law of your Member State can apply.
Other policies may override this Privacy Policy in certain circumstances. For example, when we collect personal information from you, we may advise a specific purpose for collecting that personal information, in which case we will handle your personal information in accordance with that stated purpose. This Policy is intended to cover most personal information handled by us, but is not exhaustive. If you have any queries about our management of your personal information, you are encouraged to contact us for further information by using one of the following contact phone numbers.
Within Australia: 1300 85 79 89 (toll free)Within the UK or Europe: +44 20 8123 8799Outside Australia: +61 3 9419 8820We operate the following website: www.wayfunky.com
We can be contacted via email at sales@wayfunky.com or our representative in the European Union can be contacted by email to sales_eu@wayfunky.com.
EXEMPTIONSNo general exemptions under the Act apply to us, or to any of our acts or practices.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We will collect your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so, and will limit the personal information we collect to that which is reasonably necessary for our functions or activities.
WHAT WE COLLECTThe personal information about you we may collect and hold includes but is not limited to your name and address, geographical data, gender, date of birth, passport or other ID-information (if required and provided by you), your position inside the business partner company (e.g. retail shop), details related to payment process, contact telephone number(s) and/or email address(es). We do not hold any sensitive information about you unless you provide it to us. We may also hold information about sporting organisations or related organisations that you have notified us you belong to, and any other personal information that you provide to us.
PURPOSE OF DATA COLLECTIONWe collect your personal information so that we may:
provide the service requested, respond to your enquiries, send you information that you request, or otherwise achieve the purpose for which the information was submitted to us;
process your purchase of goods to you or through you;
engage in marketing measures as per sales contract;
implement contractual or other legal obligations
seek feedback from you and perform market research;
transact more efficiently with you on an ongoing basis; and/or
engage in other activities where required or permitted by law.
The provision of certain data is a requirement to enter into a contract with you as well as to fulfil our statutory obligations. When collecting your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to make you aware of the purposes for which we are collecting it, the types of organisations to which we would usually disclose it, whether we are likely to disclose it to overseas recipients (and where practicable the countries in which they are located), whether there are laws or court/tribunal orders which require or authorise us to collect it, and the main consequences for you if you fail to provide it to us. This Privacy Policy provides these details as they typically apply in most cases, however different details may apply depending on our specific interaction with you. If we do not notify you of such other details, the information in this Privacy Policy applies.
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to us however if you fail to provide personal information requested by us, there may be a range of consequences, for example we may be unable to process or respond to your request. There will not usually be Australian laws or court/tribunal orders which require or authorise us to collect your personal information.
We may, in some circumstances, collect personal information about you from third parties, in which case we will take reasonable steps to notify you of that information and the circumstances of its collection.
For the above mentioned purposes we process personal data only in compliance with applicable data protection laws; especially where the processing is:
necessary for the performance of our contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract ;
necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations (e.g. under corporate, tax or employment law)
necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and as far as your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests.
HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe store your personal information securely, and have policies and procedures intended to ensure that your personal information is not misused, interfered with or lost and that unauthorised access to, or modification or disclosure of, your personal information does not occur. The data that we collect from you is stored in Australia. The data may be transferred to and processed in the European Union if necessary. We employ stringent security measures for all personal information collected via this website and undertake regular monitoring and improvement of our practices and systems to ensure the effectiveness our security policies.
We will endeavour to destroy or de-identify your personal information as soon as it is no longer required by us (and this is permitted by law). We may store personal data during the existing relationship with you and, following its termination, as long as there is a corresponding statutory retention obligation (e.g. under corporate, tax or employment law), a party could assert any claims arising from or in connection with the relationship or other legitimate interests in line with this Privacy Notice apply.  Where we no longer need to process your personal data for the purposes set out above, we will delete your personal data from our systems.  Where permissible, we will also delete your personal data on your request. Information on how to make a deletion request can be found in the "Your Rights" section of this Privacy Notice below.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We will only use or disclose your personal information for the purpose for which we collected it, and for related purposes we consider will be within your reasonable expectations.
We may use personal information to contact you for marketing and promotional purposes (such as to provide you with information about our products and services, special offers and promotions). You may request not to receive these communications by contacting our Privacy Officer (see section "Contact Information" below), or by using the opt out function provided for in those communications. If you do not opt out in either of these ways you will be taken to have consented to receiving such communications from us.
There are no consequences of opting out of receiving our marketing and promotional communications except that you will no longer receive them, and you may elect to rejoin our marketing list at a later stage if you wish.
Where we propose to use your personal information for another purpose other than as outlined above, we will seek your permission (unless we are required or permitted by law to do so without seeking consent).
WHO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO We will generally only disclose your personal information for the purpose for which we collected it, and for related purposes we consider would be within your reasonable expectations.
We may disclose your personal information to certain contractors or subcontractors of ours that provide administrative or promotional services (for example, mail processing businesses, printers, market research companies or other service providers). We generally ensure such organisations are contractually required to ensure that information we disclose is used only for the limited purposes for which we provide it.
We may disclose your personal information to overseas recipients if it is required to fulfil the purpose for which we collected it, in which case we must take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipient does not breach the Australian Privacy Principles as required by Australian Privacy Principle 8 and by other applicable data protection statute, mostly GDPR. However, we are not generally likely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients.
YOUR RIGHTSYou may contact us to request access to or correction of the personal information about you that we hold. We may refuse to allow you to access your personal information or amend it if we are legally required or entitled to do so. If we do so, we will provide you with written reasons for the refusal (unless it is unreasonable to do so) together with information about the options available to complain about the refusal.We may require you to pay a fee in order to access your personal information held by us. We will advise the amount of the fee payable (if any) once we have assessed your application for access or correction. We will not however charge a fee for you to lodge a request for access to or correction of your personal information.
If you lodge a request for access, we may provide you with access to your personal information in any of a number of ways (including, for example, supplying you with a copy of your personal information, or providing you with the opportunity to view your personal information).
If you establish that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, we will amend our records accordingly. Please notify us if your personal details change so that we may keep our records up-to-date. You have the right to the restriction of processing, or if applicable, to object to the processing, to data portability.
You have the right to erase any personal data processed by us at any time except for the following situations:
you have an ongoing matter with our customer service
you have an open order which has not yet been shipped or partially shipped
you have an unsettled debt with us, regardless of the payment method
if you are suspected or have misused our services within the last four years
your debt has been sold to a third party within the last three years or one year for deceased customers
your credit application has been rejected within the last three months
if you have made any purchase, we will keep your personal data in connection to your transaction for bookkeeping purposes
Where processing is based on your consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
We do not engage in profiling and have no automated decision-making processes in place.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. For more information on the competent data protection authorities please visit this link.
ONLINE PRIVACY This part of our Privacy Policy sets out the manner in which we handle your personal information in respect of online services provided to you by us. "Online services" includes any services provided by us via the Internet (including email and web pages).Generally, we collect personal information about you in the following circumstances:
you register as a user of our web site;
you send us an e-mail or otherwise contact us (eg, using a comment or feedback form or feature of our web site or software); or
you post a message to our web site (eg, any message board forum we may operate).
AUTOMATIC SERVER LOGS Our web site server automatically collects various items of information when you use our web site, including:
your IP ("Internet Protocol") address (which, in general terms, is a unique identifier assigned to your computer when it is connected to the Internet);
the operating system and Internet browser software you are currently using; and
the data that you download (such as web pages or other document files or software), and the time that you download it.
Although, in some circumstances, it may be possible to identify you from this information, we do not attempt to do so, and only use this information for statistical analysis, system administration, and similar related purposes. This information is not disclosed to any other party.
COOKIES A cookie assigns a unique identification to your computer and is stored on your computer's hard drive. They can be used to recognise you on subsequent visits to our site. They can also be used to evaluate the effectiveness of our website and analyse trends. This helps us to improve our website by offering more of what you commonly utilise on our site. By using cookies, we can track information about your usage of the web site and to provide customised content. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, you may be able to configure your Internet browser to disable cookies.
EMAIL AND MESSAGE FORMS We may collect personal information from you (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address, and any other personal information you volunteer) if you send us email or if you submit information to us using a message or feedback form. We will use this personal information to contact you to respond to your message, to send you information that you request, and for other related purposes we consider are within your reasonable expectations. We will not use or disclose any such information for any other purpose without your consent.
STORAGE AND TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE If you provide any personal information to us via our online services (including email) or if we provide such information to you by such means, the privacy, security and integrity of this information cannot be guaranteed during its transmission unless we have indicated to you beforehand that a particular transaction or transmission of information will be protected (for example, by encryption). If we receive your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to store it such that unauthorised access, modification, disclosure, misuse and loss are prevented.
OTHER ONLINE SERVICES If any of our online services (including any email messages we send to you) contain links to other online services that are not maintained by us ("other services"), or if other services link to our online services, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the organisations that operate those other services, and by providing such links we do not endorse or approve the other services. This Privacy Policy applies only in respect of our online services.
CHANGES We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We publish our current Privacy Policy on our website, and you may obtain a copy of our Privacy Policy from that website or by contacting us. From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our information practices. If we make any material changes we will announce this by means of a notice on this website prior to the change taking effect. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
COMPLAINTS If you believe that a breach of your privacy has occurred, we encourage you to contact us to discuss your concerns. Our contact details can be found in section titled "Contact Information" below.
Your complaint will be considered and dealt with by our Privacy Officer. The Privacy Officer may escalate the complaint internally within our organisation if the matter is serious or if necessary to resolve it.
Please allow us a reasonable time to respond to your compliant. If you are not satisfied with our resolution, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, whose contact details can be found at: http://www.oaic.gov.au/. If you reside in the European Union you may visit the European Commission’s online guidance on data protection reform – available in all EU languages. It can be found by clicking this link and, concerning the EU complaint procedure, on this link.
FURTHER INFORMATIONYou may contact us if you require further information about the ways we manage your personal information.
CONTACT INFORMATIONPrivacy Officer
Way Funky Company Pty Ltd358 Johnston Street Abbotsford, VICTORIA 3065 AUSTRALIA
Within Australia 1300 85 79 89International +61 3 9419 8820European Union +44 20 8123 8799
sales@wayfunky.comMay 2018
Share
Cart
0
products
product
$0.00
(empty)
No products
Shipping
$0.00
Total
$0.00
Cart Check out
SHOPPING
Size Guide
Returns
Shipping & Delivery
Refer a Friend
Gift Vouchers
HELP
FAQs
Privacy policy
Terms of Service
Contact us
Store Locator
THE COMPANY
About
Feed the Funkys
Wholesale
BLOG
Newsletter
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Subscription successful
YAY You're signed up
It's not essential but we'd love to know a little more about you
First name
Last name
Club name
Keep me updated on
Funky Trunks
Funkita
you can select both
No Thanks!
Submit
Thank you.