http://www.gemsuite.com/help/policies/returns.html
Home / Help / Policies / Returns & Refunds
December 11, 2020
Return and Refund Policy
Our products should meet or exceed your expectations. However, if you are not completely satisfied, we are pleased to offer a ten (10) day return policy on all direct website purchases. Any auction commissions or listing fees are not refundable.
Overview
Definitions
Return Policy Scope
Product Return Procedures
No Refundable Merchandise
Policy Changes
Overview
Customer satisfaction is our top priority. Every transaction should result in a pleasant, convenient, and successful shopping experience. If you are dissatisfied, we are happy to offer a full refund or exchange on the return of any merchandise within 10 days of the shipment date excluding any shipping, insurance, or auction charges where applicable. To streamline your return, we ask that you please note the following:
If you are uncertain of the merchandise quality or appearance, please discuss any additional questions you may have with a customer service representative before purchasing the merchandise.
If you are not satisfied with the merchandise you receive, please contact us IMMEDIATELY and we will assist you in obtaining a replacement of merchandise.
If you have decided that you do not want the merchandise after it has been shipped, but before it arrives, DO NOT REFUSE THE POSTAL DELIVERY. If the merchandise is refused you will be liable for brokerage charges and duty incurred upon its return.
If you are returning the merchandise please DO NOT write jewelry, diamonds, or gems or any other identifiable luxury item word in order to protect the package against possible theft during transportation.
For goods under 500 USD in value – send by Priority mail, Registered mail, or Fed Ex. Do not declare the value. Do include some lot or auction number identification. Please e-mail us your registered mail, Priority mail, or FedEx number the day you ship so we can acquire insurance. Failure to comply will result in your liability for uninsured return shipments.
For goods over 500 USD in value – please contact us for further specific return instructions.
Mail in a strong envelope so the parcel looks like an ordinary letter with some documents. If you are sending several items, please pack them so they do not damage each other.
Returns should be sent to the following address:
Multi Colour
59 Soi Pradit, Silom Soi 20
Bangkok, 10500
Thailand
Finally, please note that this policy applies only to Multicolour Gems and Web sites that carry the Multicolour Gems brand, and not to other companies or organization's web sites to which we link. We have clearly marked MULTICOLOUR.COM or Multicolour Gems and these branded Web sites with our logo so you know where this policy applies.
Back to Top
Definitions
"Client": The trader being a company, partnership, sole trader or other organisation or any individual, which undertakes to accept Multicolour Gems
Services.
"Partner", "Affiliate": A third-party organisation that provides Internet development, hosting and/or Internet access services and/or other services to the Multicolour Gems and/or Client.
"Services", "Products": rough and faceted gem stones, carved stones, jewelry, equipment, newsletters other gem stone industry related fields.
"RMA": Return Merchandise Authorization stands for the code which is issued by the Multicolour Gems Inventory System and allows money refunds for the returned merchandise.
"New", "Unused": New and unused merchandise means that there is no wear or damage to the item. In the case or gemstones, there should be no change of cutting styles.
Back to Top
Return Policy Scope
if you receive goods in a damaged condition, please inform the carrier (Post Office, UPS , USPS or FEDEX agent) immediately
if you have decided that you do not want a product after it has been shipped, but before it arrives, DO NOT REFUSE THE POSTAL DELIVERY
all products must be returned (e.g. shipped to our office)
within ten (10) days of delivery
we will not refund for shipping, insurance, or auction commissions
Back to Top
Product Return Procedures
The product must be in new, unused, and unworn condition with all original packaging materials and unused Certificates.
If the product you're returning includes a special offer, the additional item(s) must also be returned, or you may choose to have the cost subtracted from your refund.
For goods under 500 USD in value – send by Priority mail, Registered mail, or Fed Ex. Do not declare the value. Do include some lot or auction number identification. Please e-mail us your registered mail, Priority mail, or FedEx number the day you ship so we can acquire insurance. Failure to comply will result in your liability for uninsured return shipments.
For goods over 500 USD in value – please contact us for further specific return instructions.
Mail in a strong envelope so the parcel looks like an ordinary letter with some documents. If you are sending several items, please pack them so they do not damage each other. Returns should be sent to the following address:
Multi Colour
59 Soi Pradit, Silom Soi 20
Bangkok, 10500
Thailand
Back to Top
No Refundable Merchandise
Some Special, Discounted of Promotional Offers, have a no return policy. This merchandise is clearly marked with the label "NO RETURN" and Multicolour.com return policies does not applied to:
ALL ROUGH STONES, IN ALL CATEGORIES
ALL CREDIT LINE
PURCHASES
ITEMS THAT ARE LABELLED AS "NO RETURN"
Back to Top
Money Refund Procedures
We will refund money for returned merchandise in the same manner as merchandise which has been paid for. For example, if you made a purchase using your credit card, we will chargeback the amount to the credit card you used for the purchase, except for the Gift certificates which are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund. Alternatively, if requested, we can place the refund balance into your on-line account, to be applied towards future purchases.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our return policy for Multicolour Gems (multicolour.com), we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Back to Top
Document Last Revised on : July 08, 2016. 04:40:43 Send questions to: info@multicolour.com.
Search For Help/
Enter Keywords:
Match all keywords
Match any keywords
Enter one or more keywords (i.e. payment options).
Multicolour.com Policies/
Legal Notes
Trading Pledge
Security Statement
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Contract
Delivery Insurance
Help Topics/
Searching & Browsing
Ordering Guide
Shipping & Returns
Using My Account
On-Line inventory reports
Learning about gems
Privacy & Security
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Still Need Help?
Top of Page
Help/FAQ
Gemstones for sale:
Alexandrite,
Garnet,
Diamond,
Opal,
Spinel,
Sapphire,
Tourmaline,
Tanzanite,
Tsavorite,
Gemstones by Category:
Calibrated,
Carving,
Closeout,
Mixed Lot,
Pair,
Rough,
Single,
Best Sellers
or Featured
Gemstones.
Gemstone education:
Colored Gemstones Guide,
Gems Library,
Gemstone Treatments,
Gemstone Glossary,
Gems and Astrology,
All trademarks and logos shown herein are the property of their respective owners.
© Copyright Multicolour.com, 1998-2011. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of Multicolour.com Return Policy, Privacy Policy and Trading Guarantee. Published and operated by
David Wein Ltd. 32 Hollywood Road,
Central, Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. Lost? Check site map or resources page.
Site design and maintenance by NetComposite ®.