https://www.allergicpet.com/privacy_policy.html
Discounted Shipping as Low As $5.99 on any size. Online Orders only.
× Modal title
...
Close Save changes
Weekdays 9am - 5pm 1-843-277-0951
0
VIEW BASKET $0.00
($0.00)  VIEW BASKET
BASKET   0
ACCOUNT
Items in Cart: 0 Subtotal: $0.00
Checkout View Cart
Login or Register
Create an Account
&horbar   or   &horbar
Login
Weekdays 9am - 5pm | 1-843-277-0951
CHECKOUT
0
Contact Us |
My Account | Track Order|
Login
Toggle navigation
Home
Shop By Symptom
Shop By Product
Skin-eze Testimonials Pet Resources
My Account
Login
0
Arthritis Behavior Breathing Coat/Shedding Constipation Diarrhea Digestion/Vomiting
Eye Hairballs Heart Health Hip Dysplasia Kidney / Bladder Liver Pain
Seizures / Epilepsy Senior Formulas Skin - Dog Skin - Cat Tapeworms Urinary
Behavior Diar-eze Eye See Clearly Fresh Aire/Respiratory Healthy Fresh
Heart Health Formula Kidney/Bladder Lame-eze Lax-eze (constipation) Lax-eze Plus (vomiting with constipation)
Nuroplex Spice of Life Skin-eze Tape-eze Urinary Incontinence Formula
My Subtotal:
Item Added to My Cart
View Cart Checkout
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting your privacy. We respect our customer's privacy and confidentiality and will make every effort to protect your personal information. We want you to be assured that your personal information is kept confidential whether asking for information or placing an order. The following information is provided in order for you to understand our online information practices. Information We Collect We are committed to keeping your personal information completely private. Any and all information you provide us is encrypted to ensure your information is safe and secure. We do not rent, sell, or trade your personal information to others. You are only asked for personal information at the time of purchase to ensure proper billing and shipping of your order. We need your name, email address, mailing address, delivery address, daytime phone numbers, and credit card number with expiration date and CVV (security) code. This way, we can process your order expediently and keep you updated concerning its status. Protecting Your Information In order to insure the safety of your information, we enlist the use of TrustGuard to test our website to make sure we have the most up to date systems in place. Cookies A "cookie" is a small file that is stored on your computer that will enhance your browsing on most websites. Most online stores use cookies to save shopping carts, wish lists, and identify how customers found their site. We use cookies to do these same functions in order to enhance your shopping experience. Most web browsers automatically accept and maintain cookies by default. Cookies are not software. They cannot be programmed, carry viruses, or install malware on your computer. Cookies are never used to store sensitive information such as names, addresses, credit card numbers or passwords. You can disable cookies on your browser; however, certain aspects of www.allergicpet.com (such as the shopping cart) may not function properly. Other Information In conjunction with analytic type software, we do track customer traffic on our site. The type of information we follow includes the type of browser that is used, operating system, items that are searched for and viewed, and when the site is used. These items enable us to fine tune our web site to provide the best shopping experience for our customers. Security Our Web site encrypts your information prior to transmission over the Internet using the most up to date secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology is tested by TrustGuard to make sure we have the best security possible to safeguard your information. This technology works with all browsers including Microsoft's Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator, Firefox Chrome, or Safari. Communication We will send you a sales confirmation by e-mail to confirm your order to the email address that is given to us by you. We may also communicate with you by email or telephone if we have any questions about your order or need to notify you about important information about your order. We will also communicate with you in response to questions you have about products we offer or anything in regards to your order. Opt-Out Provision You always have the opportunity to opt-out of all non-transactional email messages sent by us by emailing us at Customer Service. Some communications (for example, important account notifications and billing information) are considered transactional and are necessary for all of our customers. You must cancel your Allergic Pet account to unsubscribe from these communications. To cancel your account, please email us at Customer Service. Third Party Links Our web site (www.allergicpet.com) does contain links to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by Allergic Pet, Inc. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these sites whenever using their site. Please note that you would intentionally have to go to these sites - we do not redirect you to any other site other than our own web pages. The privacy statements on this page apply only to www.allergicpet.com. Your Consent to this Policy Subject to the above privacy policy information given, by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may update this information and encourage you to read these policies as they may have been updated since the last time you visited. If you would like to be notified when we make any updates, you can email us at info@allergicpet.com and provide an email address where we can send a notice of update. Please keep in mind that any changes to our privacy policies would be designed to enhance security of your information.
Go to Top
© Copyright 2017. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Designed and Developed by 216digital