http://www.kartinsurance.com/information/privacy-and-security-policy
MY ACCOUNT
LOG IN
REGISTER
TRACK DAY
COMPETITIVE MOTORSPORT
Privacy & Security Policy
Home
Information
Privacy & Security Policy
We recognise our responsibility to treat the information we obtain about you with care and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. In order for you to get the best possible use from our site it will be necessary, in some circumstances (when seeking a quotation for example), for you to give us personal information about yourself. We use personal information about you to:
provide you with a quote
administer your policy if you buy one
maintain and improve the services we provide to you
research and tell you about new policies and services
We collect two 'types' or categories of information about you:
Personally Identifiable Information:
Information that personally identifies you. For example, your full name, your home (or work) address, your e-mail address, telephone number and postcode. Some of the personal information we ask you to provide may be sensitive. If you buy one of our policies then we will treat you as having given us consent to use any sensitive personal data in connection with the administration of your policy.
What we do with this information:
This information is ONLY used by us, your insurers and their representatives. It is NEVER shared with third parties, unless otherwise clearly stated and even then, it would only be shared with your express permission and consent to do so.
By law, the only time we will ever disclose personally identifiable information about you without your prior consent is where we believe we are under a duty to disclose or share it in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves, our customer or others or where we have sufficient evidence to suggest fraud or miss-use of our site.
Your Obligation in relation to personally identifiable information
It is your responsibility to make sure that all personally identifiable information we have about you is correct and up to date.
NON Personally Identifiable Information:
Other information you give us, which by itself, is NOT personally identifiable. For example, whether you are male or female and the times and dates you use our services ("non-personally identifiable information"). Non-personally identifiable information allows us to see what 'types' of people use our site.
What we do with this information:
We may share such non-personally identifiable information with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and third parties, so that they can better understand what type of person uses our site.This information is NOT personally identifiable information from which you can be identified.
Our Registration Policy:
If you do decide to set up an account and register with us, you will receive an email confirming your registration.
How We Track Your Use of Our Site:
In order to continually improve our site it is useful to know which are the popular areas on our sites and how long you spend on them. We do this in three main ways:
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the internet. Web servers, the big computers that 'serve up' internet pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address.We collect IP addresses for the purpose of system administration, and to create reports and to audit the use of our site. When you use our site, our servers or computers log your IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that you remain anonymous to us.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make internet surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at our site. WE NEVER SAVE PASSWORDS OR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION IN COOKIES. The use of cookies is common and beneficial. You'll find them in most sites. By showing how and when you use a site, cookies enable us to see which areas are popular and which areas we need to bring more to your attention. Improvements and updates to our site are often based on information provided by cookies which help us to personalise pages to meet your needs. We will not use cookies to identify specific individuals (except in on-line purchases, which expire after you complete any purchase). Our site does not use cookies to retrieve personally identifiable information from your computer that was not originally sent as a cookie. We do not use personally identifiable information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes nor is that information shared with any third parties.
Remember: You always have the option of disabling these cookies via your browser menu. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set yours to refuse them or to tell you when they are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the site, will not function properly if you disable these cookies.
You could occasionally get cookies from our advertisers but note we do not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third party servers is of course standard in the internet industry.
Storage of your quotations and Policies:
This information is the same information that is also stored in your account.
Links to other sites:
When you are on our site please be mindful of the fact we have links which direct you to other sites that we have no control over. There are also links to other sites from our site that takes you outside our service and will not be governed by our privacy policy.
Remember: When you give out personal information on-line (via message boards or chat for example) that information can be collected and used by people unknown to you. Always be very careful about what personal information you provide over the internet and NEVER give out personal information on a chat or bulletin board.
Fraud Prevention and Detection:
To keep our premiums as low as possible we participate in industry initiatives to prevent and detect crime. As a valued customer, we think you'll appreciate the steps we are taking to provide the best insurance cover.To prevent and detect fraud we may:
check your details with fraud prevention agencies. It is important that you give us accurate information. If you give false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this. We / other organisations may use and search these records to:
help make decisions about credit and credit related services, for you and members of your household;
help make decisions on other insurance proposals and insurance claims, for you and members of your household;
trace debtors, recover debt, prevent fraud, and to manage your accounts or insurance policies;
check your identity to prevent money laundering, unless you furnish us with other satisfactory proof of identity.
Pass information to the Claims and Underwriting Exchange Register, run by Insurance Database Services Ltd. The aim is to help us to check information provided and also to prevent fraudulent claims. Under the conditions of your policy, you must tell us about any incident (such as accident or theft) which may or may not give rise to a claim.
Information on Products and Services:
The information you have provided to us will only be held by us and the insurers we use for the purpose of the policy (ies) of insurances you arrange through ourselves. We will NOT send any of your details to "carefully selected organisations" since we respect the fact it is really frustrating receiving unsolicited mail. We may use your details to contact you further should we have news of insurance products or changes to your policy, but this will be on the basis of "sharing information" not advertising or promotion. This information we reserve to publicise through MORIS News on the home page of our website.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information held by us in our records but we may ask you to pay a small fee. You also have the right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in your information by writing to us. If you want to know more about our use of your personal information, this should also be done in writing to us.
Security:
We believe that security is of the utmost importance to our customers. The importance of secure storage of your personally identifiable information is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in transmitting your information from your computer to our servers. Only employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. We will NEVER ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. Ultimately, you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information.
Remember: When signing out of our site, close your browser window when you have finished what you've been doing. This will ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share with someone else or especially if you are using a computer in a public place like a library or an internet café.
Your Acceptance of Our Security and Privacy Policy:
By using our site, we have to assume that you have read these terms carefully and understand and have followed our advice. If you do not agree to this policy or to the advice we give, please do not use our site without first speaking to us. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy from time to time as necessary. Your continued use of this and any other sites owned by us following the posting of any such changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
QUICK LINKS
About us
Contact Us
Insurers
Privacy & Security Policy
Terms of Business
Terms & Conditions of Use
Complaints
Fair Treatment of Customers
Our Fees
Our Products