https://www.vivavintageclothing.com/cookie-policy/
icon-star
account icon
cart icon
arrow down
arrow left
arrow left
icon-dropdown
icon-decrement
icon-increment
icon-heart
search icon
menu icon
menu icon
icon-scroll-down
Email
Facebook
Flickr
Google Plus
Instagram
Kickstarter
LinkedIn
Mail
Medium
Pinterest
Print
Rdio
Reddit
RSS
Spotify
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Twitter
Vimeo
Vine
YouTube
icon-mastercard
icon-visa
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple
Cookie Policy
Our Use of Cookies
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us customize your experience. Find out more about cookies and how you can control them. This page contains information on what cookies are, the cookies used by vivavintageclothing.com's website, how to switch cookies off in your browser, and some useful links for further reading on the subject. If it does not provide the information you were looking for, or you have any further questions about the use of cookies on vivavintageclothing.com's website, please email us at: info@vivavintageclothing.com
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone. They allow websites to store things like user preferences. You can think of cookies as providing a ‘memory’ for the website so that it can recognize you when you come back and respond appropriately.
How does our website use cookies?
A visit to a page on vivavintageclothing.com’s website may generate the following types of cookie:
Site performance cookies
Anonymous analytics cookies
Third party advertising cookies
Site performance cookies
In operating our store, it is essential for us to capture some information about your device, such as your IP address and information related to your visit when you browse our store. For example, this might include time-stamp, the last page or product you visited, the indication that you logged in.
We do that in order to:
Remember who you are after you log in so that you do not need to authenticate at each click;
Monitor if our website is running with the high performance we are dedicated to providing;
Let you browse between products without having to start back from the home page at each click, remember if you put something in your shopping cart before you decide to checkout, and control that your data is processed securely.
We call the information listed above “essential information” and we collect it through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that most websites uses. A website places cookies in the web browser and then reads the information collected through the cookies every time the user performs an action. We use cookies. Without enabling this mechanism and this kind of cookies (first-party cookies), we could not provide you with the smooth experience that you expect while you are navigating.
Google cookies
We also use third party cookies to run Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These cookies gather website visitor data (such as type or device used to access the site and the geographic region you are in when you visit the site) to optimize website content and marketing and do not collect any personally identifiable information.
Third party advertising cookies
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, may also use cookies to serve at times on this site. The use of cookies by Google enables them to serve advertisements to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet. To opt out of these cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.  Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track user’s activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, we have no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
How do I turn cookies off?
It is usually possible to stop your browser accepting cookies, or to stop it accepting cookies from a particular website. All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the Options or Preferences menu of your browser or you can use the Help option in your browser for more details. If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the Your Online Choices site. You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms for more information: Network Advertising Initiative.
Useful links
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their use on the Internet, you may find the following links useful:
Microsoft Cookies guide All About Cookies
If you would like to contact us about cookies please email us at info@vivavintageclothing.com.
Cookie Policy effective May 22, 2018.