http://www.asham.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Statement of Privacy and Security
Asham is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Asham web site and governs data collection and usage. Asham is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, Asham collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address and telephone number. Information collected by Asham is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Asham does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on web sites outside of the Asham web site, including web sites that link to Asham web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Asham collects and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Asham may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available but will not sell or disclose your personal information to any other entity.
Asham does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists, or any information therein, to third parties.
Asham may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Asham or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Asham, including its web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Asham or the public.
Transmission and Security
Asham ensures that all sensitive personal information is transmitted over SSL encrypted connections. Personal information may be stored on secure Internet servers that host the Asham web site. Credit card numbers may be stored on secure servers but are never stored in clear text, always stored with public/private key encryption, accessible only by Asham when provided with the proper credentials to do so.
worldwide delivery available    |    100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Footwear
Brooms
Apparel
Clearance
Prints
Accessories
Featured Products
Bags
Stocking Stuffers Sale!
Asham Stomperfest
Gift cards
Custom Products
Services & Repairs
Shipping & Returns
Warranty
Privacy Policy
Dealers
Sitemap
Company
News
Store Locator
Catalogs/Resources
Facebook
Twitter
MToll Free
1-800-267-5730
1-204-589-6321 (curbside)
Store Hours (Winnipeg) - CLOSED
DUE TO COVID-19
*CURBSIDE PICKUP HOURS
*Monday - Friday (8am - 4:30pm)
*Saturday NEW (10am - 2pm)
*Sunday, & Holidays (CLOSED)
Email Customer Care
© Copyright 2013 Asham Curling Supplies  |  Main Store: 700 McPhillips Street, Winnipeg, MB, R2X 2H5, Canada   |   Site by Metric Marketing