https://www.expomed.com/shipping-privacy-info.html
Loading... Please wait...
ALL ORDERS SHIP FOR $7.95 -USPS POSTAL PRIORITY SHIPPING. learn more here
Welcome, Guest
My Account
Inbox
Order Status
Wishlists
Address Book
Sign Out
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in
Create an Account
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Onsite Drug Testingfor Business & Home
Call us today! 1.330.926.0860
Search
Home
How Does A Hair Drug Test Work
Hair Follicle Testing Information and Test Kits
Contact Us
Shipping-Privacy Info
About Us
All Test Types
Shipping & Returns
Our Categories
Hair Drug Testing
Urine Drug Testing
Alcohol
Testing
Adulteration Testing
Saliva Drug Testing
Other Links
Litigation Package
Hair Testing Explained
Hair Drug Testing FAQ
Hair Drug Testing
Benefits of Hair Testing
What is Fentanyl?
Marijuana
Heroin
Methamphetamine
Multi-Panel Drug Testing
Cocaine
Opiates
Oral Fluid Lab Test
OraLert Drug Screen
Oxycodone
Nicotine
AdultaCheck 10
Ecstacy-MDMA
Alcohol Saliva Test
Club Drugs
Amphetamine
Benzodiazepines
Phencyclidine
Methadone
Commonly Abused Drugs
DOT Alcohol Testing
Resource Center
Merchant Services
Home
Shipping-Privacy Info
NO SURCHARGE FEES FOR USING A CREDIT CARD.
SHIPPINGThe flat rate of $7.95 (on any size order) is for Postal Priority Shipping only (2-3 day delivery time) within the 50 States of the USA and applies only to web site orders, not phone or fax orders. If you want Express shipping please use that option. Most orders are shipped within 24 hours. If the order is placed by 2:00 PM eastern time we make every effort to get it shipped that day.RETURN/REFUND GOODS POLICY If you need to return an item, simply login to your account, view the order using the "Complete Orders" link under the My Account menu and click the Return Item(s) button. We'll notify you via e-mail of your refund once we've received and processed the returned item. You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days). There are no refunds on the cost of shipping. THERE WILL BE A $25 CHARGE, REGARDLESS OF REASON, FOR ANY UNUSED HAIR DRUG TEST COLLECTION KIT THAT IS RETURNED. Due to the sensitive nature of these products, caution must be exercised in their use to avoid contamination and inaccurate test results. Please follow the instructions carefully. There is a possibility that factors such as technical or procedural errors may interfere with the test and cause erroneous readings. NO RETURNS OR REFUNDS ON OPENED TEST KITS. No returned goods will be accepted because they are nearing or past the product expiration date. IF THE SPECIMEN IS REJECTED FOR ANY REASON WE WILL CREDIT THE PURCHASER'S CREDIT CARD MINUS A $35.00 LAB FEE, SHIPPING AND APPLICABLE TAXES. YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR ANOTHER COMPLETE TEST. You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
PRIVACY INFORMATIONThe information on all websites owned by Expomed Inc. is not meant to take the place of medical or legal advise and should not be interpreted as such. The opinions and/or information on this discussion board are those of the people who have post them and do not necessarily reflect the views of Expomed Inc. If you or someone you know has a substance abuse problem you should contact a rehabilitation counselor or other capable medical professional in the field of substance abuse. No express or implied warranties are made regarding the performance or usefulness of this discussion board, whatsoever. By using the information contained herein, the viewer willingly assumes all risks in connection with such use.
No personal information or email addresses are sold or otherwise provided to any junk email operator or third party. Expomed shall NOT be held responsible for errors, omissions in information herein nor liable for any special, consequential, or exemplary damages resulting, in whole or in part, from any viewer(s)' use of or reliance upon, this material. Because of the rapid pace of growth of knowledge in the field, some of the information on this site may have changed in some fashion or may be subject to debate and accuracy cannot be guaranteed.Clinical information is provided for educational purposes and not as a medical or professional service. Person(s) who are not medical professionals should have clinical information reviewed and interpreted or applied only by the appropriate health professional(s). Material presented on this Website is copyrighted by Expomed Inc.Due to the nature of rapid screening test kits all sales are considered final. Products may not be returned once they have left Expomed's control without prior return authorization. Unauthorized returns cannot be accepted, and will be returned to sender. Items ordered in error are subject to a twenty percent (20%) restocking fee. Shipping charges are not refundable.Google ©Copyright Expomed 1995-2019
Home
How Does A Hair Drug Test Work
Hair Follicle Testing Information and Test Kits
Contact Us
Shipping-Privacy Info
About Us
All Test Types
Shipping & Returns
site map
shipping and returns
ExpomedInc.
privacy policy
Copyright © 2020 Expomed Inc OnSiteDrugTesting.
All prices are in USD
Custom BigCommerce Templates by Madwire Media†.
EXPOMED NEWSLETTER
Your First Name:
Your Email Address: