http://www.veganstore.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING FOR UK ORDERS OVER £50
GBP
EUR
USD
My Account
Welcome to Veganstore.co.uk!
Login
Create Account
0
0
Home
What's New
Products
Healthcare & Beauty
Skin & Body Care
Hair Care
Body Wash & Soap
Lip Balm
Suncare
Insect Repellent
Vitamins
Deodorants
Perfumes
Cosmetics
Confectionery
Chocolate Snack Bars
Chocolate Sharing Bars
Bags of Chocolate
Chocolate Spreads
Sweets
Marshmallows
Chocolate Boxes, Gifts & Tins
Bumper Packs
Food Cupboard
Vegan Egg
Dairy Alternatives
Cheese Replacers
Vegan Meats
Mock Fish
Ready Meals
Drinks & Coffee
Sauces & Dressings
Desserts & Baking Mixes
Biscuits & Cakes
Crisps & Snack Bars
CHRISTMAS
Christmas Confectionary
Christmas Food Cupboard
Stocking Fillers
Special Offers
CHRISTMAS
Wishlist (0)
0
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Veganstore.co.uk!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy is for the website: www.veganstore.co.uk, and served by Vegan Store Ltd and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy .
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. We do not sell, trade or lease your personal information to anyone else.
You will only be contacted by us if you have ; 1 – placed an order through our web site 2 – contacted us via e mail 3 – subscribed to our newsletter
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website] ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details (through Paypal) and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
Payment Information
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, PAYPAL. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/ee/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the UK & USA. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to [the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely.the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Newsletter Subscribing
Only applicable to persons signing up for the newsletter
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate/engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
The supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
Personal data of children
Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.
If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
We keep this Policy under regular review and in the event we make any changes we will place an updated version on our Website and, where appropriate, notify you by e-mail, seek your consent or place a notification on the Website. Please review this page regularly to ensure that you are always aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we will share it with other parties.
This policy was last amended on 21 May 2018.
TRADING INFORMATION
Head Office: AF Blakemore  & Son Limited, Long Acres Industrial Estate, Rosehill, Willenhall, West Midlands, WV13 2JP
Please note we are not open to the public.VAT Number: 431 3902 80Registered Company Number: 0391135Place of Registration: UK
Help & Info
Newsletter
Search
About us
Delivery Infomation
Terms & conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about new products, coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Veganstore.co.uk | |
Your one stop vegan shop