https://www.happypaw.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Happy Paws
About Us
Customer Service
My Account
Cart
Search for a product
Free shipping on all orders!
Pet Beds
Tiger Dreamz Beds
Puppy Hugger Beds
Decadent Digs Bodacious Buckets
Susan Lanci Design Beds
The Throw Company Beds
Pet Blankets
Fabulous Fur Throws
Susan Lanci Designs Blankets
Tiger Dreamz Pet Blankets
Puppy Hugger Pet Blanket
Pet Gifts
Lekven Danish Breed Plates
Lekven Danish Family Plates
Lekven Danish Breed Mugs
Wicked Show Leads
Crate Accessories
Puppy Hugger Crate Pads
Puppy Hugger Crate Covers
We offer
free shipping
on all orders!
Privacy Policy
We value and respect your privacy, and fully understand your concerns about security of transaction information. We promise to honor your privacy by:
promising to never reveal your e-mail address to unauthorized parties
promising to never sell your e-mail address or customer information
promising to never use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail from others (“spam”)
assuring you that your transactions are held in confidence
utilizing an encrypted secure server for all transactions
promising to respond to you inquiries as soon as possible
treating you as we would want to be treated.
This is the best way of assuring that you receive the quality of service you deserve and expect.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.happypaw.com/test. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will never sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, for example, to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form on our website.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. We are never in possession of your credit card number. Your credit card number is securely transmitted to our processor and not to us.
Shop
Pet Beds
Pet Blankets
Accessories and Gifts
Customer Service
My Account
Customer Service
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
Stay Updated
Enter your email address to receive updates about new products and promotions
Copyright © 2020 HPPP, Inc. | Site Map