http://www.cocomatsnmore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Personalized Coco Mats
Residential Personalized Coco Mats
Commercial Custom Logo Coco Mats
Custom Cut Coir Mats
Plain Coco Mats
Residential Doormats
Trending Designs
TV Shows
Fandom
Election 2020
Halloween
Anime
Coco Doormats
Welcoming Doormats
Funny Doormats
Rude Doormats
Classic Designs Doormats
Designer Doormats
Nautical Designs Doormats
Natural/Floral Designs Doormats
Pop Culture Inspired Doormats
Holiday Designs Doormats
American Pride Inspired Doormats
Pet Themed
Complimentary Doormats
Sports Inspired Mats
Inspirational Doormats
Bordered Coco Mats
Coco Scraper Mats
Olefin Carpet Doormats
Funny Doormats
Rude Doormats
Pet Themed Doormats
Rubber/Coir Doormats
Recycled Rubber Doormats
Tough Synthetic Doormats
Polyester Pet Themed Doormats
Other Residential Mats
Kitchen Anti Fatigue Mats
Garage Mats
Commercial Mats
Coco Mats for Commercial Entrances
Custom Logo Coco Mats
Road Roller Coco Mats
Horse Van Ramp Mats
Visit Mat Supplier For Other Commercial Mats
Contact Us
Blog
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
LinkedIn
Free shipping on orders over $150. To receive your order by Christmas, please order by Dec 11.
Commitment to Your Privacy
Our customers’ privacy and security is of the upmost important to us at Cocomatsnmore. In order to better understand the collection of data, its intended use, and safeguarding, please read the notes below.
What Information is Collected?The following information is collected during your order process at cocomatsnmore.com:
Name.
Shipping and Billing Address.
Email Address.
Phone Number.
Credit/Debit Card Information.
How is the Collected Information being Used?
The information we collect is used for the following purposes:
Fulfill and ship the order to the correct address.
· To contact buyers in case of any questions or inform regarding any complications with an order.
To send emails with exclusive offers available to our customers.
to use cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by usfor a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize our website to you. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
No customer information will be shared with or sold to third party entities for marketing purposes.
We work very hard to ensure that the information provided to us is protected and secured, and consider it to be a top commitment.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions, please email us at service@cocomatsnmore.com or give us a call us toll free at (866) 561-1921.
What is Cocomatsnmore:
Cocomatsnmore is a retailer/manufacturer of floor covering solutions located in Blaine, Washington. The company produces and distributes floor mats for residential, commercial, and industrial purposes, and centers its values on superior customer service and satisfaction for the end consumers.
Cocomatsnmore specializes in natural coconut husk fibers mats to provide our consumers with an environmentally friendly and sustainable alternative to the synthetic fiber and rubber mats available in the market.
Moreover, the company also strives to provide innovation in design (both aesthetically and functionally) to provide products with or without custom logos in commercial application, to help our consumers better communicate their very own brand and maintain a clean entry to their building.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"