http://www.clubfurniture.com/pages/privacy-policy
Browse
Close menu
Custom Living Room Furniture
>
Bedroom Furniture
>
Dining Room Furniture
>
Clearance Furniture
Warranty & Returns Policy
Financing
Save!
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Custom Living Room Furniture
Living Room Sofas
Sleeper Sofas
Sectional Sofas
Seating Collections
Recliner Chairs
Accent Chairs
Club Chairs
Bench Ottomans
Loveseats & Chaises
Footstools
Occasional Tables
Bedroom Furniture
Bedroom Collections
Beds & Headboards
Dining Room Furniture
Dining Room Collections
Furniture
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
One Source Plus, Inc. (www.clubfurniture.com) is highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers
and believes that the protection of those interests is very important.
In acknowledgement of its obligations, One Source Plus, Inc.
has adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information obtained about customers and potential customers.
1.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES:
We will not disclose any personal information to any
third party source at any time.
All personal information is kept secure and never shared or sold to any third party.
2.
AQUISITION OF INFORMATION:
We do not acquire any more information about
consumers than is required by law or otherwise necessary to provide a high level of customer service.
3.
OUR EMPLOYEES AND PRIVACY:
We train all our employees about the importance
of privacy and give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
4.
SECURITY MEASURES:
We make access to privacy sensitive information subject
to rigorous procedural controls, consitent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
We use the highest levels of encryption available for all
credit card transactions.
5.
TRANSACTION SERVERS:
We use external transaction and processing servers to ensure
maximum credit card and personal information security.
6.
THIRD-PARTY WEB BEACONS:
We use third-party web beacons to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website.
7. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?:
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
8. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?:
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
9. HOW DO WE PROTECT VISITOR INFORMATION?:
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
10. DO WE USE COOKIES?:
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
11. DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Cheer Love. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
12. HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT, REMOVE OR MODIFY INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?:
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please email us at information@clubfurniture.com. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. Third party links In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work). Changes to our policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on September 27, 2014.
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK:
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Online Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
YOUR CONSENT:
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
11535 Carmel Commons Blvd., Suite 202Charlotte, NC
28226
E-Mail: information@clubfurniture.com
Quality American Made Furniture!
See the craftsmanship that goes in to each piece.
Make Your Home More Luxurious!
Style, Comfort And Quality!
Our Customers Say It Best:
“I have to write to say how pleased I was with my furniture delivery this evening. The men were extremely careful and very polite. They worked quickly. I absolutely love my sofa and recliner!  ”
- A. Pecora, NY
“I shopped for several months on sites and in stores... what a hassle.
Then a friend recommended Club Furniture.
I received my new leather furniture set on Friday. It looks great, is very high quality and I love it!  ”
- L. Holmgren, VA
“Just sending you a note of appreciation for the quality of the furniture we received. The entire process from ordering to delivery was very professional.  ”
- T. Botellio, CT
Added to cart!