http://www.freestylephoto.biz/shipping-policy
Shop
Holgas
Inkjet
Photo Know-How
Info & Events
Students & Educators
About Us
Contact Us
Calendar of Photographic Events
The Creative Center for Photography
Press Releases
Newsletters
We're Hiring!
Please Note : ***Due to Covid & the Holidays, please expect shipping delays.***
We will be closed Wednesday through Friday, December 23rd - 25th for the Christmas Holiday and Wednesday through Friday, December 30th - January 1st for the New Year Holiday. Orders placed before noon Pacific Standard Time on the preceding Tuesdays, will ship the same day. Orders placed after Noon Pacific Standard Time on those Tuesdays, will ship on the following Mondays.
Wishing you a Safe and Happy Holiday Season!
Home
>Freestyle Order Policy >Shipping Policy
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
News
Partners
Special Events
Employment Opportunities
Policies
Order Policy
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Store Policy
Shipping Policy
FedEx Ground Shipping
Shipping Charges
Same Day Shipping Guarantee
Postal Service Shipping
Why do I see a USPS Charge?
How long will it take for my order to arrive if shipped by USPS?
Can my USPS order be tracked en route?
How can I avoid shipping by USPS?
Proper Format for College Campus Deliveries
When shipping to a campus box
Shipping Restrictions
Hazardous Materials and ORM-D Items
Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico
FedEx 2-Day and Overnight Service
USPS Priority Service
USPS Standard Post
International Shipments:
Duties and Customs
International Shipping
International Payments
FedEx International Economy
Priority Mail International
FedEx International Mail Service (FIMS)
Packing Peanuts
Packing Peanuts
Shipping Charges Within the Continental US
We ship from our warehouse in Santa Fe Springs, California. Ground service to the East Coast generally takes 4-6 business days.
Note: Orders shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, and all foreign countries (including Canada) will incur additional shipping fees based on weight.
Up To
to
$50.00...
$8.99
$50.01
to
$100.00...
$10.99
$100.01
to
$200.00...
$17.99
$200.01
to
$300.00...
$21.99
$300.01
to
$400.00...
$25.99
$400.01
to
$500.00...
$30.99
$500.01
to
$600.00...
$35.99
$600.01
to
$700.00...
$40.99
$700.01
to
$800.00...
$45.99
$800.01
to
$900.00...
$50.99
$900.01
to
$1,500.00...
$54.99
$1,500.01
and up
...
$59.99
Maximum charge $59.99
Additional surcharge may apply to some items.
An additional shipping charge applies to some oversize/overweight items regardless of the shipping address or method. These items are designated by an "SW" in the description of the product section. These additional charges will be automatically calculated and added to your order in the checkout screen.
Freestyle uses the best possible ground shipping service available. Your package may be delivered by either FedEx, UPS or USPS, depending on your zip code. If you prefer to choose which one of the three shipping companies will ship your order, you will have to call us at 800.292.6137 to place your order.
All overnight, 2nd Day and 3-day deliveries will be via Fed-ex. All express shipping method orders must be placed by 12:00 noon PDT (Monday - Friday) to be shipped the same day. Anything after that time will be shipped the following business day. Express shipments are timed with business days only. Express shipments are not delivered on weekends or holidays. Shipping charges will not be refunded for unforeseeable acts of nature. If your package is being delivered to a remote location, it may take an extra day. Refunds will not be made in this instance. Please consult the FedEx website for up to date delivery information.
All single box orders over $500 and ALL Multi Box shipments (regardless of value) are required to have a Direct Signature for delivery. Someone must be present to sign for the order.
Same Day Shipping Guarantee
In-stock orders are shipped the same day when placed by 12:00 pm Pacific (3:00 pm Eastern), Monday-Friday. Saturdays and Sundays are excluded from shipping and delivery.
Please note: the day your order is processed is not counted as a shipping day. Example: An order is processed on Tuesday with FedEx 2 Day delivery. The order will be delivered on Thursday.
Please note: USPS orders may be delayed by 24-72 hours.
Why do I see a USPS Charge?
All packages shipped to PO Boxes, and APO/FPO addresses are shipped via USPS Priority Mail. Unfortunately, we must add an additional charge when shipping with the Postal Service. This charge reflects the amount charged to us by the Postal Service.
How long will it take for my order to arrive if shipped by USPS?
Unfortunately, we are not able to ship USPS packages daily. There is a strong likelihood that it will be 5-10 days from the day you place your order to the day your package arrives. We regret the inconvenience that this causes our customers, but we are currently not able to make any other arrangements for postal service shipping.
Can my USPS order be tracked en route?
USPS shipments may not have real time tracking like a UPS order does. There is a tracking number assigned to each shipment, but this tracking number may only provide delivery confirmation. There is no way to see where a package is between shipment and delivery.
How can I avoid shipping by USPS?
If your address has the words "Box" or "PO Box" in the address line, your order will be automatically shipped by USPS. Please see the College Address Tips section for guidelines.
Items marked ORM-D or Hazmat cannot be shipped to PO boxes, Alaska, Hawaii, APO/FPO.
Proper Format for College Campus Deliveries
Please use the full name of the building that the package is being shipped to. For example, instead of "Johnson SU," write out "Johnson Student Union." The abbreviations might be recognized on campus, but FedEx drivers are not always familiar with them.
Example:
Joe Johnson
Smith S 123
Anystate University
Anytown, CA 12345
Correction:
Joe Johnson
South Smith Hall # 123
Anystate University
Anytown, CA 12345
When shipping to a campus box
If you can have FedEx packages delivered to your campus box, which is standard, do not use the term "Box" or "PO Box" in your address. Our shipping software will ship all orders with these terms via the US Postal Service, which will result in additional shipping charges and possibly slower delivery. Instead, use the name of your school, followed by the box number.
Example:
Sarah Smith
Box 123 College U
Hoover CC
Anytown, CA 12345
Correction:
Sarah Smith
College University 123
Hoover Campus Center
Anytown, CA 12345
Hazardous Materials
Chemicals containing hazardous materials may only be shipped via ground service and only within the continental United States. In addition to our regular shipping charges, the fee for shipment of these items is $20 per box, up to 55 lbs. Due to Federal Regulations, hazardous chemicals may not be returned for any reason.
ORM-D Items
Items labeled ORM-D can be shipped only by ground service and only within the continental United States. ORM-D items cannot be shipped to PO Boxes, Alaska, Hawaii, or overseas. Due to Federal Regulations, all ORM-D chemicals may not be returned for any reason.
Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico
FedEx 2-Day and Overnight Service
FedEx 2-Day and Overnight services are the fastest ways to get your package from our door to yours. Up to the minute tracking information is provided from pick-up to delivery, and your order is fully insured. This is the best option for urgent or high-value items. While every effort will be made to deliver your order promptly, please note that FedEx Express delivery times are not guaranteed in certain parts of Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. Items marked ORM-D or Hazmat cannot be shipped outside the continental 48 states.
USPS Priority Service
USPS Priority Mail shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico should arrive in about 7-14 days. Delivery to very rural areas may sometimes take slightly longer. A USPS tracking number is assigned to each shipment, providing end to end tracking.
USPS.com may not reflect as close to real time as FedEx does. As we are not contracted with USPS for daily service, we only go to the post office 2-3 times per week. If you need your shipment quickly, we suggest using a service other than USPS. Items marked ORM-D or Hazmat cannot be shipped outside of the continental 48 states.
*Approximate delivery time is 7-14 days.
USPS Standard Post
Standard Post shipments to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico should arrive within 4-6 weeks. As this option is not tracked or insured, we do not recommend shipping high-value items with this method. Standard Post is most economical for very large or heavy orders and items. Items marked ORM-D or Hazmat cannot be shipped outside of the continental 48 states.
*Approximate delivery time is 4-6 weeks. No tracking is available using this service.
International Orders
Freestyle offers three different international shipping options. Below is a description of each available service. You can choose the method the best suits your needs. With all international shipments, you are responsible for all import taxes and duties.
Please note that we do not accept returns on international orders.
If you have placed an order for items to be shipped outside of the United States, and not all items are available at the time of your order, we will ship the in-stock items and cancel all backorders. We do this so that your items will not be delayed. You may place another order for those items when they become available.
In some cases, your order may be placed on a temporary hold if an out-of-stock item is soon to be available. Please contact us for more information.
Duties and Customs
Freestyle Photographic Supplies must accurately report the value of all goods being shipped outside of the United States. Freestyle Photographic Supplies is not responsible for charges - and may not offer - any specific advice - associated with import fees, duty, customs or taxes that may be incurred when your merchandise reaches you. It is up to you, the customer, to pay these fees. If you refuse to pay the carrier or the carrier's agent for these charges, Freestyle will charge your credit card for all amounts billed to Freestyle by the carrier or the carrier's agent. We recommend that you consult your local government import office if you have questions.
Freestyle is not responsible for products not allowed into your country. Please consult your local government import office if you have questions regarding specific chemicals or products you may be concerned about. Freestyle is not responsible for any actions by international customs. Please order at your own risk.
International Payments
As part of our credit card security efforts, Freestyle verifies complete credit card information for all international orders before shipping items out of the United States. This is to help protect both Freestyle and its customers from the dangers of international credit fraud, which can be difficult to trace and correct. Since international banks issue credit cards in countries outside the United States, this process can take anywhere from one to seven business days, depending on how quickly the bank in question responds to our inquiries. Unfortunately, in some rare cases, the bank may not provide this information. If this is the case, Freestyle will contact you with assistance on other methods of payment. Please note that all first time international orders over $250 will require a wire transfer as payment.
Shipping Fees & Dimensional Weight
Shipping fees are based on the destination, size and weight of your item(s).
Due to space limitations on aircraft, trucks, and ships, freight carriers must charge to ship packages based not only on actual weight, but on space, as well.
Because of this, the concept of Dimensional Weight (Dim Weight) has been adopted by the transportation industry worldwide. Dimensional weight considers density in relation to actual weight, to determine the billable weight of a package. Lightweight, large, low-density packages are subject to these fees. Calculations of dimensional weight are subject to change without notice.
FedEx International Economy
Delivery Time : 3 - 6 business days
FedEx International is the fastest way we offer to get your package from our door to yours. Delivery to most locations takes only 3-6 business days after shipment. Up to the minute tracking information is provided from pick-up to delivery.
Priority Mail International
Delivery Time : 7 - 14 business days
Priority Mail International is an airmail service that provides customers with a reliable and economical means of sending correspondence and merchandise up to 70 pounds to over 190 countries and territories worldwide. Delivery may take 7 - 14 business days.
In some countries, service may not be provided to all cities. Please contact your national postal service for more information. You can also visit the usps website to view service areas for your country. The "Areas Served" information is at the bottom of the information sheet.
Please be aware that orders shipped via Priority Mail International (USPS) cannot be tracked.
Any tracking number assigned provides delivery confirmation only. Delivery times may vary depending on destination. You are responsible for all import fees, duties, customs fees and taxes that may be incurred when you merchandise reaches you.
FIMS (FedEx International Mail Service)
Delivery Time : 20 - 60 days .
No Tracking Services Provided
FedEx International Mail Service is a simple, economical solution for shipping photographic products, such as films, papers, and accessories. FedEx International Mail Service is ideal to use for items that are less time sensitive. This service is offered to any country with a postal service. Please note that packages will be shipped to an international post office and it is the responsibility of the receiving post office to deliver the package.
Shipping times will vary per country and may take up to 45 days or more from order to receipt. There are no tracking services available once a shipment has left our facility. The maximum order size that can be shipped using FedEx International Mail Service is $150.00. With all international shipments, you are responsible for all import taxes and duties imposed by your country.
FIMI (FedEx International Mail Service - Insured)
Delivery Time : 20 - 60 days .
No Tracking Services Provided
When choosing FIMS (FedEx International Mail Service), we highly recommend that you select the insurance option to ensure you have recourse should your package not reach its final destination or arrives damaged. If you do not select the insurance option and your package is not successfully delivered or is delivered damaged, we cannot take responsibility for the package and cannot offer a credit on the order.
Shipping times will vary per country and may take up to 45 days or more from order to receipt. There are no tracking services available once a shipment has left our facility. The maximum order size that can be shipped using FedEx International Mail Service is $150.00. With all international shipments, you are responsible for any import taxes or duties imposed by your country.
Packages shipped using FedEx Mail Service can be insured for full replacement value at the rate of $1.50 per $50.00 of product value only.
Packing Peanuts
We use natural loose-fill packing peanuts. We have found this material to be the most efficient packing product, minimizing damage in shipments and ensuring your order is received in optimal condition. Additionally, these peanuts are starch based and instantly dissolved in water, with no negative impact to the environment. They are 100% biodegradable and safe to dispose of in your regular trash. Though this product is reusable, please do not put them into recycle bins. Please do not dissolve them in your sink as it can create a sludge that will clog your pipes.
For additional technical information, please refer to this MSD Sheet.