http://www.hendrickmotorsports.com/privacy
Trending
Elliott wins Cup title
Elliott rakes in NASCAR awards
Johnson wins Bill France Award
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Email Signup
About Overview
Rick Hendrick
Visit
Careers
Wins
In The Community
FAQ
Get the App
Download the Hendrick Motorsports Mobile App and stay up to date while on the go.
Apple Store
Google Play
9
24
48
88
Privacy Policy hendrickmotorsports.com
Hendrick Motorsports, LLC (collectively, "we," "our," "us") respect your privacy and value your trust and confidence. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to our websites, mobile applications, and other online and mobile services that link to or post this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"), and explains how we collect, use, and disclose information through the Services. By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
1. Information Collection
You generally are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit the Services. However, we may ask you for some or all of the following types of information when you register with our Services, sign up for contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, access various content or features, submit comments or content, use a send-to-a-friend feature, or directly contact us with questions or feedback:
Contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number;
Unique identifiers, such as a user name or password;
Demographic information, such as gender;
Financial information, such as credit card or other payment information;
Geolocation information;
Communications preferences;
Search queries;
Comments and other information posted in our interactive online forums;
Correspondence and other information that you send to us; and
Additional information as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Services, including:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Your device type or mobile carrier;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers;
Your browser type and operating system;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Services;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Services;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with e-mail messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and
Standard Server Log Information
2. Use of Information
We may use information that we collect through the Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with the products, promotions, services, newsletters, and information you request and respond to correspondence that we receive from you;
Contact you via email and otherwise about your account, products, services, contests, and events that we think might be of interest to you;
Send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties;
Maintain or administer the Services, perform business analyses, or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business, the Services, and other products and services we offer;
Publish stories, comments, photos, and other information posted in our interactive online features;
Process employment applications and inquiries;
Customize and personalize your use of the Services; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
3. Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect. At times, as described below, we may share your personal information with others for various purposes:
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host the Services, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Select Business Partners: We may share your information with select business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to have certain information shared with our third party business partners when you enter a contest or sweepstakes or elect to receive marketing offers or other information. If you do not elect to have your information shared, it will not be shared with such third parties. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes.
Contests and Sweepstakes: In some cases, a third party may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Services, and collect your information. In those cases, we urge you to review the third party's privacy policy for that contest or sweepstakes before participating. We take measures to help ensure that our partners protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of any information we share with them. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners, which may use your information for their own purposes. Please read their respective privacy policies for more information.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of Hendrick Motorsports, LLC, our corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business partners, and the users of our Services; enforce our Terms of Use; respond to and resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government or other entity, whether or not legally required.
Interactive Features: We may share information with third parties when you post information to a user profile or a public area of the Services, such as a chat room, forum, blog, or other community tool. If you post to these interactive features, it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure that parties who have access to such information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when using these features.
Other Parties With Your Consent: We may share information with third parties when you consent to such sharing. For example, if you win a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to publicly post certain information on the Services identifying you as the winner.
Aggregate Information: We may share aggregate information, such as demographics and usage statistics, with advertisers, sponsors or other organizations.
Geolocation Information: We may share your geolocation information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf. These companies are authorized to use precise geolocation information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We also may share your geolocation information with third parties so that they may provide you with geographically relevant advertising. If you wish to stop the further collection of your geolocation information, please opt-out using your device settings.
4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
The Services use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. These technologies are used for a variety of purposes, such as analyzing trends, administering the Services, analyzing how users interact with the Services, and gathering demographic information. By using the Services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use certain features may be limited.
The Services may use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here.
We may use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Services. This software may record information such as how often you use an application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where an application was downloaded from.
5. Children's Privacy
The Services do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), we will delete this information as soon as possible.
6. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Services, please contact us by mail at:
Hendrick Motorsports, LLC4400 Papa Joe Hendrick Blvd.Charlotte, N.C. 28262Attn: Website Privacy Policy
If you wish to opt-out of marketing communications from us, please contact us at the above address or follow the opt-out instructions in any marketing e-mail you receive from us. We will process your request as soon as possible in accordance with applicable law, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe request is processed. Please note that we may still send you important administrative and safety messages even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications. Additionally, we may send you information regarding our services, such as information about changes to our policies and other notices and disclosures required by law. Generally, users cannot opt-out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature, rather than promotional.