http://www.nolico.com/saveenergy/help.htm
[ Guarantee ] [ Payment Options ] [ Privacy ] [ Return Policy ] [ Gift Certificates ] [ Search ] [ Shipping ] [ Specials ] [ Specifications ] [ Volume Orders ]
[ Color Temperature
and CRI ]
If you do not see our shopping cart frame at the bottom of
this page, click here to enable the shopping cart
frame.
Click on the bullet to expand each item.  Many of our
pages, including this one, contain expandable lists.  Each expandable item
is proceeded by one of these bullets:,
,
or
.
Additional information can be obtained by clicking on the bullet.
Re-clicking the bullet will collapse the information from view.
Shopping Cart
Help
Our web site uses a frame at the bottom of your browser's window
to display a running total of items you have in your shopping cart.  If your browser does not
support frames you will need to use the "Shopping Cart" navigation
button, at the top of every page, to view your shopping cart contents.  You
will also need to use this button to check out.
End.
I f you are surfing our site and want to add items to your
shopping cart you must enable cookies.  Cookies are small text files that
reside on your computer's hard drive.  They are not programs and cannot
operate on their own.  You can delete them at any time you choose.  We use cookies to record which items you have
selected for purchase while shopping.  Please be assured that we do not use
our cookie to track your personal information in any way.  Our privacy
policy strictly prohibits this.  Please refer to our privacy
policy with respect to items we store in our cookie and how we use them.
End.
If you do not see the shopping cart frame at the bottom of this
page please click here to enable
our shopping cart frame.
End.
If you see a double shopping cart frame at the bottom of your
screen, then we have an error.  Please email
us about this or any other problem you may have while navigating our site.
End.
Frequently Asked Questions
Why don't you have an 800 telephone number?
We have chosen to keep our overhead cost low by not
paying the high cost for 800 number service.  By doing this it
helps us keep our prices low.  In fact, our preferred method of
communication is via email.  We believe that this policy is
beneficial for our customers.  Customers who want the best
products at the lowest price.
End.
How can I talk to a customer service
representative without paying for a long distance phone call?
You can email us
with your phone number and we will call you as soon as
possible.  During business hours we monitor email as it is
received in order to answer all of your questions in a timely
manner.  If your email requests that we call you, we
will.  You can also use our contact
form if you do not have an email account.  Simply type in
your request and we will respond.
End.
Does the length of your bulbs, shown on your web
site, include the screw-in base?
Yes.  All of the length measurements on our web
site include the screw in base.
End.
I need a 3-Way Light Bulb.  Do you have any 3-Way
Energy Saving CFLs?
Yes.  Please click here for details.
End.
Do you have any dimmable CFLs?
Yes!  Please click
here for details.
End.
Do your dimmable CFLs work with incandescent
timers and photocells?
Yes.  While we have not tested all models of
timers and photocells, our dimmable CFLs have worked in every one we
have tried.  Customers whom have purchased our dimmable CFLs
for these applications have all been satisfied.  If we find a
model which does NOT work, we will let you know.
Do you carry any reflector, flood type,  CFLs
which are dimmable?
Yes.  We carry a 15-Watt Dimmable R30 Reflector
CFL.  Click here for details.
What color temperature is the light output from
your lightbulbs?
Most of our lamps emit Soft White Light, or 2700°K
(degrees Kelvin).  We also
have Cool White lamps which emit
light at 4100°K and Daylight Lamps which emit light from 5000K up to
6500K.  Refer to our specifications
page for complete details on all of our CFL's.  You can also
review our information page regarding
color temperature.
End.
What are Kelvin's and CRI?
The color of light
is determined by its wavelength. The two ratings that are commonly
used to describe the color properties of lamps are color temperature
and color rendition (CRI). Color temperature is the color appearance
of the light produced by a lamp and the color appearance of the lamp
itself. It is measured on a Kelvin scale (K). A lamp with a low
color temperature will have a "warm" appearance (red,
orange, or yellow). Conversely, a lamp with a high color temperature
will have a "cool" appearance (blue or blue-white). Color
rendition is a measure of how the lamp influences the color
appearance of the objects that are being illuminated. It represents
the ability of a lamp to render color accurately and to show color
shade variations more clearly. High color rendition allows us to see
objects, as we would expect them to appear under natural sunlight.
Color rendition is measured via a complex process on the Color
Rendition Index scale ranging in value from 0 to 100.  Click
here for more information on Color Temperature and CRI.
End.
What is the difference between Soft White and Cool
White?
A
lamp with a low color temperature will have a "warm"
appearance (red, orange, or yellow).  Conversely,
a lamp with a high color temperature will have a "cool"
appearance (blue or blue-white).  Soft White lamps have a lower
color temperature, 2700 degrees Kelvin, then Cool White lamps that
have a color temperature of 4100 degrees Kelvin.
End
Are
your compact fluorescent light bulbs instant on and flicker free?
Yes.  Most
of our light bulbs are flicker free with no hum.  Our bulbs last a long time and save you
money.  Our bulbs which are not instant on will actually save you
more money since they will last longer. All of our compact fluorescent light bulbs are built using the latest
technology and come with a
guarantee.
Refer to our
specifications
page for complete details on all of our CFL's.
Some
of their other features include:
-
Can be used
base up or down.
-
High quality
top grade phosphors provide uniform light.
-
Air vents
prevent heat build up within the unit.
-
U.V. stabilized
plastic housing.
-
Highest quality
electrical components designed for long life.
-
Nickel plated
brass base resists corrosion, eliminating base to socket sticking
-
Energy Star
qualified.
End
Are your Energy Saving Lightbulbs UL listed?
Yes.  All of our CFL's are UL listed.
End.
Can you ship to Guam U.S.A. (U.S. Territory)?
Yes.  We use USPS Priority Mail to ship to U.S.
Territories and states outside the continental U.S.
End.
I
have a halogen torchiere. Can anything but a long 300 or 500 watt
halogen bulb be used in it?
While
we have heard of some cases where a special fluorescent light bulb was
developed and distributed to replace certain types of halogen light bulbs,
they are not readily available.
Unfortunately, the expense of the bulb, with the special
connectors, tends to obsolete the fixture itself (i.e. it is cheaper to
buy a new style torchiere that accepts standard socket compact fluorescent
light bulbs then it is to purchase the specialized CFL you would need.
End.
Is
there a compact fluorescent bulb on the market which can be used in a
standard timer, photocell, or dimming circuit?
Yes,
and we have them.  While
it is true that most CFLs will not work in timers, photocell sensor or
dimming circuits, our dimmable CFLs have proven very versatile in this
respect.  We have current customers using our dimmable bulbs in a
variety of timers, photocell, and dimming circuits with no problems.
You can view our
dimmable CFLs here:
http://www.nolico.com/saveenergy/dimmable_lamps.htm.
End.
Do You carry any CFLs which can be used outdoors?
Yes!
Our GL23W/ELPAR38
can be used outdoors, even in wet applications.  The
nominal operating temperature for most of our compact fluorescents is
from –4F to 122F, some have a range from –8F to 120F.  Any of
our CFLs can be used outdoors so long as they don’t get wet.
The exception is the GL23W/ELPAR38
which is designed to operate under wet, rainy, conditions.
End.
Do Fluorescent bulbs last longer if you leave them on all
the time or is it better to turn them off when not in use?
It is true that any fluorescent bulb will last
longer and use less energy per hour of use if they are left on.
However, it is not necessarily better to leave them on all the time.
All fluorescent ballasts use a pre-heat mechanism which is activated
when the bulb is turned on.  This is why fluorescent lighting may
take a split second to illuminate and then a few more seconds to come
to full brightness.  This pre-heat mechanism is often the first
part to fail when a fluorescent ballast "burns out".  Also, the
start up cycle uses more energy then the steady state when the bulb is
illuminated.  These factors indicate that it is better to leave
the light on.  On the other hand, if the light is not going to be
used in the next 10 minutes or so, the energy saved along with wear on
other components of the bulb as the light is illuminated would dictate
that the light be turned off until it is needed again.
Therefore, we would recommend that fluorescent lighting be left on in
high traffic areas/times and only turned on when need in low traffic
areas such as a closet.  For example, if you take two identical
fluorescent light bulbs and leave one on all the time and only use the
other one 3 to 4 hours per day, the one that is left on continuously
will last for approximately 10000 hours, or 15 months (1-1/4 years)
while the one that is only turned on for 3-4 hours per day will burn
out after about 8000 hours of use.  However, this 8000 hours is
spread out over 5 to 7 years.  So, while the bulb that was left
on all the time actually provided more hours of illumination, the one
that is used sparingly lasted longer in terms of the calendar.
End.
What does "PL" stand for?
PL actually stands for "Philips Lamp". This is due to the fact
that the company, Philips, first came out with this type of bulb. Many
other companies, including ourselves, offer PL-Type lamps that are not
made by Philips. However, the name is persistent: PL-Type.
End.
I have some fixtures that are rated for a 60 watt
bulb max. Can I use a compact fluorescent that gives more light than
60 watt bulb? For example, can I use  a compact fluorescent that is
equivalent to a 100 watt bulb?
Yes!  If you fixture is rated for a maximum of 60 watts, then
you can use a bulb that is less then or equal to 60 watts.  Since
a CFL which replaces a 100 watt incandescent usually uses between 23
and 25 watts, you are well below the 60 watt maximum.
End.
How do I figure out how much money I save by using CFLs
instead of regular incandescent light bulbs or Halogen bulbs?
Halogen bulbs can use up to 300-Watts of energy.  Some larger bulbs
such as one of our 23-Watt BR40 Reflector CFLs use only 23-Watts of
energy.  You can view our 23-Watt BR40 by clicking here:
http://www.nolico.com/saveenergy/23_watt_r40_reflector.htm
Therefore, you can determine how much energy a light bulb uses by
referring to its wattage (not its physical size).  The most common
type of incandescent bulb is called an A-Type.  The most common
wattage of standard household A-Type bulbs is 60-Watts.
Light bulbs are also rated using other parameters including brightness
(luminosity, measured in Lumens), color temperature (degrees Kelvin)
and Color Rendition (CRI).  These parameters however, are not a
measure of energy use.  These measure the actual light output.
For example, if you compare one of our 13-Watt Energy Saving Swirl
CFLs to a Standard 60-Watt A-Type Incandescent you will find that the
both output light at a luminosity of approximately 900 Lumens, they
both have a color temperature of approximately 2700K and a CRI of
approx 82 (maximum CRI for any light bulb is 100).  However, our
13-Watt bulb uses 78% less energy then the standard 60-Watt
Incandescent.  You might also note that our energy saving bulb will
last 10 times longer then the incandescent, which is another cost
saving benefit.
You can compare our 13-Watt bulb to the 60-Watt equivalent by clicking
here:
http://www.nolico.com/saveenergy/compare_a_bpesl13t.htm
Electric utilities measure the amount of
electricity used based on kilowatt-hours.  A kilowatt is 1000 watts.
If you are charged $0.12 per kilowatt-hour, a 1000-watt appliance will
cost $0.12 to run for 1 hour.  You can use the following formula to
compute your savings when you replace bulbs with CFLs:
(((Wattage Replaced) – (CFL Wattage)) * (CFL Life Hours / 1000)) *
(Charge per kilowatt hour)
For example, if you replace one 75 Watt Incandescent with one of our
10,000 hour 20-Watt Swirl Shaped CFLs:
((75 – 20) * (10000 / 1000)) * 0.12 = (55 * 10) * 0.12 = 550 * 0.12 =
$66.00 savings over the life of the CFL assuming a $0.12 per kilowatt
electricity cost.
We hope that this formula helps in your calculations.  You can adapt
the formula to help determine how much you will save on a monthly
basis:
(((Wattage Replaced) – (CFL Wattage)) * (((Hours Used Per Day * Number
of bulbs replaced * Number of Days in the Month) / 1000)) * (Charge
per kilowatt hour))
For example, lets say that you are replacing 48 75-Watt Incandescent
bulbs with 48 20-Watt CFLs.  Further let us assume that these bulbs
will be used for an average of 5 hours per day each.  We can compute
your savings as follows:
(( 75 – 20 ) * ((( 5 * 48 * 31 ) / 1000 )) * 0.12 ) = ( 55 * ( 7440 /
1000 ) * 0.12 = ( 55 * 7.44) * 0.12 = 409.2 * 0.12 = $49.10 savings
per month!
End.
Customer Comments
Karen Zipser
You have a great website and I'm impressed that you caught the
order, matched my email with it and gave me the two tubes. Kudos! Karen
Zipser
End.
Andrew Low, Ireland
Dear Sir,
Thank You for your quick
reply, you have been most helpful.
Sincerely
Andrew
End.
Dan Cocozza
Thank you very much for your great service! I will be a loyal
customer.
Dan Cocozza
Houston, TX
End.
Kim Day
Thanks for answering my question so thoroughly.  I actually
ordered  the bug lights from you and they did fit perfectly. Thanks
so much.  I am happy with your product and the customer service.
--Kim
End.
Kim Day
Thanks for answering my question so thoroughly.  I actually
ordered  the bug lights from you and they did fit perfectly. Thanks
so much.  I am happy with your product and the customer service.
--Kim
End.
Holiday Bugge
I stumbled across your site
by accident, and was pleasantly surprised, Your site was very easy to
navigate, shop & order from. I received a confirmation email almost
immediately, followed by another
email with the Fed-Ex
tracking number. That was some great service! I have already recommended
your site to several of my friends. :)
....
Thank-you again for your
fantastic site, and your expedient service. :)
Sincerely;
Ms. H. Bugge
....
Thank-you for the expedient reply, once again, your company has shown
exemplary customer care and quality of service.   :)
Holiday Bugge
Campus Technology Specialist
End.
Holiday Bugge
I stumbled across your site
by accident, and was pleasantly surprised, Your site was very easy to
navigate, shop & order from. I received a confirmation email almost
immediately, followed by another
email with the Fed-Ex
tracking number. That was some great service! I have already recommended
your site to several of my friends. :)
....
Thank-you again for your
fantastic site, and your expedient service. :)
Sincerely;
Ms. H. Bugge
....
Thank-you for the expedient reply, once again, your company has shown
exemplary customer care and quality of service.   :)
Holiday Bugge
Campus Technology Specialist
End.
Charlotte in California
Dear Nolico,
The shipment of 12 7X bulbs arrived today. I was so pleased with the
way the bulbs were packed. Everything was packed in sturdy cardboard,
not flimsy like most light bulb packaging. The added bonus, we have
140 watts worth of light for only 28 watts.
We were impressed with the fast delivery. The rooms we use the most we
can now light up with 28 watts. Am I excited? You better believe it!
Thank you for being a quality company.
Sincerely,
Charlotte Allison
P.S. It was a pleasure throwing out the old light bulbs. They were
half dead anyway....actually it
was 160 watts worth of standard 40 watt bulbs. I replaced the fan
lights with 4 7X bulbs. (That is 4 bulbs at 40 watts each replaced
with 4 (four) 7 watt bulbs. I am saving 132 watts with each ceiling
fan. When I change the ceiling fan bulbs in the family room, I will be
saving another 132 watts. I am having a good time with this!
End.
Linda in Maine
These night lights are
wonderful. I'm so glad that I ordered them from you folks. I would
highly recommend them to everyone who is in need of a little light, to
assist themselves or guests.
I just had to let you know
what I thought. Thank you so much, Linda in Maine
End.
James Weir
Hey People (Gals and Guys)
Thanks a bunch. This is what
customer service is really all about. You can print this as a
testimonial on your service.
James
End.
Ardella Eagle, Jersey City, NJ
I received my other order a little while ago. I got about 30 or 40
bulbs. Much to my surprise these bulbs @ 13W are brighter than the 60W's
that I was using. I was quite pleased with that. Further, I had them
installed for only a short period of time (non complete utility cycle)
and noticed that my bill had already begun to drop.
End.
Chris Valleroy, Perryville, MO
I have ordered from many
on-line stores and your service from start to finish is by far the best
I have come across. The gentleman that took my order was very polite,
knowledgeable, and a from the start I could tell he was there to help me
with my order in any way he could. He followed up with shipping
confirmations and contact information. My ordered arrived just as we had
discussed. The order was correct and perfectly packaged. All I can say
is keep up the good work as your company is setting the standard for
on-line sales and service. Thanks!
I will be placing another
order soon. I shared my light bulbs with some other DC powered cabin
owners and now they are believers too.  Your Marine bulbs are
brighter than a 60 watt DC incandescent and use close to 5 times less
amps according to my math and that's not counting the extended lifetime.
Thanks again.
Chris
End.
Aaron Zschau, Waltham, MA
Thank you, your company continues to have some of the
best customer support I have experienced. Whenever I need energy
saving bulbs, you're the first place I'll look and will definitely
recommend you to any of my friends.
Aaron Zschau
End.
Anthony LaMura, Yonkers, NY
ATTN
SHIPPING TEAM:
THANKS FOR THE GREAT SERVICE
End.
Charles Hoft, Terrytown, LA
Thank you very much. I am very pleased and IMPRESSED
with your company. Most other companies care about the money and that's
it. Thanks again. I will have more business with your company.
End.
Duane Lagle, FL
Thanks, You have
a great website and I hope you continue to look for and offer innovative
energy saving fluorescent lighting products. As they begin to take on
the existing characteristics of incandescent bulbs, I believe there will
be more people like myself who will seek out value-priced, innovated
product such as the ones you offer.
Thanks,
Duane Lagle
End.
Rebecca L. Harris, Weare, NH
Our library is in a beautiful old brick house from the
federal period.  Back in the sixties, light fixtures were
installed in the back rooms where the stacks are, and these light
fixtures were fitted with 300W incandescent silvered bulbs that were
meant to reflect off the ceiling.  Of course, these were cheap to
run in the sixties, but recently the town government, which pays the
electric bill, has asked the library to keep these lights off unless
there is someone actually in the room.  This means that our
library patrons no longer browse the stacks as a rule, but pick books
from the new bestsellers on display in the front room.  All of
those wonderful books were being neglected because no one wanted to
ask for the lights to be turned on.  But now, with the 40W quad
bulbs you have provided, we can leave the lights on whenever the
library is open, and it is amazing how many patrons are wandering back
there and picking up older books that are new to them.  Thank you
for helping to give these books a new lease on life.
End.
Robert G. Chimel,
PA
Just
for the record, we are VERY VERY VERY pleased with the Noli light bulbs
and especially the staff at Noli. We are saving a lot of money by
switching to these bulbs and the company is fantastic on replacement of
any that wear out before the year is up.  That is  a guarantee
you can take to the bank. Bob.
End.
Blake
C. House
Vice
President of Member Services
Sawnee
Electric Membership Corporation
Cumming,
Georgia
I
just wanted to say that this was my first time doing business with Noli,
but it will not be my last.  I
searched on the web for dimmable CFL's and finally ended up on your
site.  It was fast , easy,
and I just got my order and everything is perfect.
I am sometimes hesitant to order over the net, but this
experience was flawless.
Thanks,
Blake
C. House
End.
Gerald
Collatz
, NC
Thank
you very much!
It
is this type of service that makes our country great.
best
regards
Gerald
Collatz
End.
Susan Riley, Downers Grove, IL
Hi Noli folks,
I just wanted to
let you know that we really like the lightbulbs that were
suggested. I
also very much appreciate all of the help given by e-mail and
by telephone.
We'll order again.
Thanks.
Susan Riley
-------------------
I especially
appreciated the brief education I received in lumens and how the bulbs
work, the color and intensity of the light compared to incandescent
bulbs.
Thanks again.
Susan Riley
End
Simon, New York
WOW!!!
What a response
and a fast one !!!
could probably
never get it from local retailer.
Thanks a Million
Simon
End
Caralee Woods, Fort Worth, TX
You guys are great! I have you bookmarked as "Motherlode
of CFL," significant because we are planning to build an
all-solar home in the near future. So your website will be a regular
with us at that time, and now that I see how fabulous the service is,
that's even more significant!
Jeannette Baker, Trinidad, CO
Thank you for
helping me save money
Dear Staff:
I want to let
everyone know how happy I am with your Compact Fluorescent light bulbs!
I have been all over the internet, pricing bulbs and your prices are the
best!
I am also very
happy with the bulbs. I have been changing my house over whenever I have
extra money and I love the light the bulbs give and the savings on my
electric bill!
Thanks for the
great light and the wonderful service that you provide to your
customers.
A very Happy
Customer,
Jeannette R.
Baker
End.
Robert G. Chimel, Clarks Summit, PA
Hi,
Just wanted to
let you know that the packages arrived safely and all the lights have
been installed.
One light turned
out to be defective, but that was the only bad news. The light, while
whiter than the incandescent flood lights, is actually a better color
for our establishment and we were able to eliminate four lights because
of the brightness of your bulbs. A side benefit was that a few rooms,
such as the locker rooms, that were always VERY HOT are now rather
comfortable. If we get the electric savings that we should and the life
span that we should, we will be regular customers.
Bob
End.
Jim Fackert, Hamburg, MI
Thanks! I really appreciate the great service! These
are the only high power lamps that fit several fixtures that I have,
so I appreciate your working with the manufacturer to identify and
resolve the problem.
End
Chris Bohlman, Indiana
To Whom it may concern . . ,
I just purchased some lights from you and wanted to let you know the
reasons I purchased from you. Those being . . , price, ease
of use of your web site, and your free shipping!
I did a "Search" on "Google" and as you might
imagine, looked at a lot of sites featuring fluorescent lights for
home use. After looking at many, your prices, ease of use, and free
shipping persuaded me to purchase from you.
I thought you might want to know what makes an "Internet
Sale" from a "Web Purchaser"
Thanks . . ,
Chris Bohlman
I took
delivery today of my lights today.  You were quick, accurate, and
met every one of my expectations!
Kudos' to Nolico ! !
Chris Bohlman
Fort Wayne, Indiana
End.
Janie Thurman, New York
Thanks so much for your great customer
service, and for providing such a
terrific product at the reasonable
prices you offer. Again, I am always
genuinely pleased to find a company
that still has the personal touch with
its customers. For whatever its worth,
you'll be getting plenty of
"word of mouth" praise from
me to everyone I know regarding your customer
service and product. I hope it pays
off in an increase of business for
you. We need to keep businesses like
Noli alive and thriving in this
world.
Sincerely,
Janie Thurman
End.
Gary Frey, Ohio
You guys are WINNERS !! Thank you very much for the
prompt reply, and in taking the time and effort to help me out.
THANK YOU FOR THE EXCELLENT SERVICE.
I just want to thank you guys for living up to the high
standards of service that you have promised your customers. I promptly
got my replacement bulbs from you in only a few days, and am very
pleased with them. This is the best service I have ever received from an
online reseller.
Gary Frey
You guys deserve an
"Emmy Award" for service...By treating people in
this positive way you will
never have a lack of customers.
G. Frey
End.
Dr. Effy Oz, Associate Professor of Management Science
& Information Systems
Penn State University, Great Valley, PA
Thank
you. Your service has been courteous and prompt. A good example for my
students of how a business should treat its customers.
-
E. Oz
End.
Robert Fischer, Davenport, IA
You people are really great !!!!!!
Hope I can do more business with You !!!!!!!!
And "I Will" forward your web site address to all my friends
!!!!!!
K U T G W :-)  OH ------ by
the way:
K U T G W = Keep Up The Good Work
End.
Enrique Colon, Florida
Just wanted you guys to know that I am very satisfied
with the products and the service I have received from your company.
It's good to know that there are still some firms who have
integrity. Continue your good work and don't ever change your style.
E.Colon
End.
Becky Macias, California
I just received my bulbs yesterday. I installed them
all and I am so pleased with the way the lighting looks! I love them!
Thank you so much.
End.
Ann Gilman, Massachusetts
Thanks for your incredibly fast service!!!! Ann Gilman
End.
Ann Danielson, Iowa
Just received the order and I want to thank you for
the fast service. The bulbs are exactly what I wanted and they fit all
my lamps perfectly!
I will be ordering again for my bathroom track lighting soon.
Thanks again.
Ann Danielson
End.
John Dawson, Texas
WOW!!! The
response sent to me did not indicate who wrote it, but I would
appreciate it if my note of thanks to the author would be forwarded to
the service manager and/or owner of the business (if that's not who
wrote it already).
Thank you very
much on such a thoughtful, thorough, and timely, and extremely helpful
reply! You knocked all three pitches out of the park. This is exactly
the help I needed to understand better your line of products and how I
can use them to solve my personal lighting issues. I will definitely be
buying more of your products, and I'll heartily recommend them and your
excellent service to my friends and family.
Good work!
John
End
Thomas J. Nicol, Florida
Product excellence:   I want to notify you
of my pleasure with your products. I have been, and continue to be,
very pleased with your energy-saver lamps.  I have made two
purchases, to date. The products are shipped quickly, and the price
is excellent.  Keep up the good work!  A very satisfied
customer.
Thomas J. Nicol
End.
Don Mitchener, New Hampshire
Doing Business with you was a delightful pleasure.
I received your shipment today, and I just want to
tell you folks that I am absolutely shocked!!!!!!!!  I AM NOT
used to dealing with such a courteous and efficient company as
yourself. I am completely and pleasantly Dumbfounded!
THANK YOU EVER-SO-MUCH!!! You made my day!
Don Mitchener
PS: Do you people wholesale at all? or have
distributorships?
I would love doing future business with you.
Keep up the great customer service........it most
definitely makes a big difference!
And please forward this e-mail to the powers that
be, to let them know what a great job you folks are doing!
Thanks again
D.B.Mitchener
End
Sara Hernandez, New York
Hi!
I just want to thank you for being so helpful with
this situation. I did call UPS to try and resolve this situation but
they were of no help. Thanks again for having such a great customer
service department. I would gladly do business with you again.
*Thanks for refunding me on the shipping costs. I like
the fact that I didn't have to ask you for it.
Sara Hernandez
End.
Kirk Paulsen, Minnesota
Thank you. You have answered all of my questions; I just placed my order for a 12-pack of your super
compact 13W bulbs and 5 of your 3W candelabra bulbs. I look forward to receiving them!
End
Thanks! I received the bulb on Saturday. I sure do appreciate your
fast service -- you guys are tops in the customer relations area. I'm
already telling my friends about your great prices and service. Thanks
again.
Kirk
End.
Terry L. Smith, Idaho
Thanks
for the quick service and personalized attention.
In
today’s world, filled with an ever-declining desire to serve the
customer, you and your business stand out as something special!!!
I wanted to tell you I especially like the
globes I purchased for my bathrooms. They
give out enough light but it is a softer light which I like even
better and doesn't create the same level of heat that regular globes
often create.
I appreciate your service and I am certain I
will purchase from you again.  Thank
you again for the type of service you offer. As I have said before it
is refreshing in this day to find that true service still exists!!
Sincerely,
Terry L. Smith
End.
Marlene R.
Patton, Texas
Thank you so much
for your prompt response!  What exceptional customer service!
End
Kathleen
Blaney, New York
With our previous purchases, we've saved 75% off
our previous month's electric bill. Within about 5 months, the bulbs
will have paid for themselves!  I just wish I'd found you
earlier!
Thank you.
End.
George Gonser
Wow.
Thanks for the information.  I can truthfully say that I have
never received such a detailed, timely, customer focused message back
from an inquiry to any web-based company.
End.
Brett Brewer, Florida
Thanks for the
update...I have referred 5 other energy-conscious friends to your
site. You have the best prices by far, and good service too.
-Brett Brewer.
End.
Catherine Novitch, Pennsylvania
Received my shipment and am a very happy customer!
They work nicely and throw off the right amount of light as my previous
ones.
They are a bit short in length in comparison to my old ones but I think
I actually like that as they are less obtrusive
Thank you again
Catherine.
End
Timothy Fish, Marion County BOCC, Florida
Thank you for your prompt
attention to this. I appreciate you correcting the order so quickly. I
enjoy the convenience of your online ordering and have always been
pleased with your fast service. I will
continue to order from you in
the future. Thanks, TIM
End
Learn more about Compact Fluorescent Light Bulbs (CFLs) at the
ENERGY
STARâ
Web Site.
Featuring
products from Feit Electric.
Click
here to view our CFL specifications table.
[ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Products ] [ Help & FAQs ] [ Rebates ] [ Contact Us ] [ Shopping Cart ]
[ Guarantee ] [ Payment Options ] [ Privacy ] [ Return Policy ] [ Gift Certificates ] [ Search ] [ Shipping ] [ Specials ] [ Specifications ] [ Volume Orders ]
NoliCo
Related Links