http://www.sublimestitching.com/pages/privacy-policy-terms-of-use
Sign In
or
Create account
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
NEW
SPECIALS
PATTERNS
+
-
All Patterns
Transfer Patterns
PDF Patterns
Cross Stitch
Free Patterns
KITS
TEXTILES
THREADS
+
-
Sublime Floss
Specialty Threads
Silk Threads
TOOLS
+
-
Hoops
Scissors
Needles
Needle Minders
Transfer Pens
Pattern Making
Woven Labels
Special Tools
Stow & Organize
Tool Kits
Sweet Notions
BOOKS & GIFTS
HOW-TO
+
-
Tutorials
Workshops
BLOG
Sign In
Create account
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
SUBLIME STITCHING ® LLC
By using or providing information at SublimeStitching.com, you accept the following terms:
Legal Name and Address The website at SublimeStitching.com is owned and operated by Jenny Hart / Sublime Stitching LLC, P.O. Box 39A47, Los Angeles, CA 90039. References to SublimeStitching.com and Sublime Stitching, as well as the words "we" or "website", shall include Sublime Stitching LLC, and its affiliates and employees. Sublime Stitching reserves the right to make changes to these provisions at any time, without notice.
Your Privacy At Sublime Stitching, we only collect information that you voluntarily provide to us. Examples of the personal information that we may request include your full name, e-mail address and mailing address. We may request information from you when you (1) place an order with us, (2) e-mail or call us, (3) provide feedback or pictures of designs you have embroidered, (4) want to track an order you have placed with us, or (5) subscribe to a newsletter or mailing list.
Financial Information Your credit card information is collected by Shopify.com and PayPal.com. Please be sure to refer to Shopify.com's Privacy Policy and PayPal.com's Privacy Policy before submitting your credit card information, as their practices with regard to privacy may differ from ours.
How Do We Use The Information You Give Us? The information that we collect from you will be kept confidential. We do not sell, trade or give away your information to third parties without your prior consent, except in the following circumstances:
(1) Your information may be shared with parties who perform services for Sublime Stitching, such as web developers, accountants, business consultants, and the like. These agents, partners or contractors will be required to keep your information confidential and to refrain from using it for any other purpose than to carry out the particular services they are performing for us.
(2) We may release customer information, if we are advised that such release is necessary to comply with federal, state, or local laws, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Sublime Stitching, its customers, employees, suppliers, or other people. This may include the release of information to other companies, law enforcement, and other organizations.
How Can You Keep From Receiving Marketing Materials From Us? We only send promotional materials upon request. If at any time you wish to opt-out of these promotional mailings, you can stop receiving such emails by clicking the link to "unsubscribe" within the email, or emailing us.
Do This Website Use Cookies? Yes.
Advertisers and Other Websites This website contains hypertext links to other websites. Be aware that if you visit another site, the other site may collect personal information from you without your knowledge and for purposes other than those described here. We are not responsible for how other website owners use your information. Thus, it is very important that you read each website's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Customer Submissions At Sublime Stitching, we give customers the opportunity to submit comments and pictures (whether photographs, portraits, or other) pertaining to merchandise that they have purchased on our website. In order to post a comment or picture, we may ask you to submit your full name, order history, e-mail address, and other necessary information. Your comments and pictures will become our property to display and distribute publicly, along with the image, name and town or city of the person who submitted the statement or picture and, if different than the person making the submission, the image of the person(s) in the picture. In making a submission, you warrant that you, or the owner of such statement or picture, as well as any individuals portrayed in a picture, have expressly granted Sublime Stitching, a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, publish, copy, and distribute the comment or picture, in whole or in part, and to incorporate the comment or picture into other works in any form, media, or technology.
Copyrights in Content of This Website This website contains text, graphics, images, designs and other material (collectively referred to as "content"), some or all of which are protected by registered copyrights and other proprietary rights owned by Sublime Stitching. By using this site, you acknowledge that the content presented at SublimeStitching.com is protected by copyright in the United States of America, as a collective work and as individually copyrighted elements. You also acknowledge that Sublime Stitching owns the copyrights in these works, and has exclusive rights in the selection, coordination, display, manipulation, arrangement, and improvement of the content. You may not modify, delete, add to, augment, supplement, remove, or create derivative works from, any content found at this website. If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may create an electronic copy of selections from the content provided at this website for personal, noncommercial purposes only. In such cases, the person must retain all references to copyright notices, trademark legends, and other indications of any party's proprietary rights. If you would like information about licensing materials from Sublime Stitching, please contact us.
Patterns, Kits and Other Materials Sold on this Website The patterns, kits and other materials sold on this website are protected by copyright and other proprietary rights that are the exclusive property of Sublime Stitching. No materials may be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent. All uses of patterns or other materials sold on this website must retain the following notice in a clearly visible manner: "Copyright © Sublime Stitching ® LLC."
Trademark Sublime Stitching ®, "This Ain't Your Gramma's Embroidery!"™, Sublime Floss™, Hoop Flair™ and all Sublime Stitching kit & pattern theme names, and any logos associated with the foregoing, are trademarks of Jenny Hart and Sublime Stitching and may not be used without prior written consent of Jenny Hart. Jenny Hart and Sublime Stitching cannot and do not give any consent to the use of trademarks, tradenames, company names, and logos not owned by Sublime Stitching and shown on this website.
Material from Publications This website contains excerpts and cover images from several publications that are published and distributed by other parties. The posting of information or content to this website by or from such publications does not constitute a waiver of any rights in such information or content or a publication's name or other trademarks and does not transfer any rights to a user of this website or any other third party, except as expressly set forth herein.
Liability for Third-Party Content We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or reliability, of any statement or communication made on SublimeStitching.com by any third party. Under no circumstances shall Sublime Stitching be liable for your reliance on information you obtain from third parties via this website.
Applicable Law This site is created and controlled by Sublime Stitching in the state of California. The laws of California and, where applicable, the United States, shall govern the construction and enforcement of the foregoing provisions, without regard to any principles of conflicts of laws. By using this site, you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of California and of the United States of America that are located in Los Angeles County, California, for any litigation arising out of or relating to the use of SublimeStitching.com.
Severability The provisions set forth herein are intended to be severable. If for any reason any of the above provisions should be found unenforceable or invalid in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of the determination of invalidity or unenforceability in that jurisdiction. Any such determination shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
Competitors If you are affiliated with, employed by or in any way cooperating with any competitor of Sublime Stitching, you are unauthorized to access this website for any purpose, including (without limitation) viewing, monitoring or obtaining content or other data from the website for any commercial purposes. This includes (without limitation) access via automated query technologies, such as web crawlers, spiders, scraping tools, or access via any similar automated or manual methodology, whether directly or through proxy technologies, IP aliasing, or third parties. No person who is affiliated with, employed by or in any way cooperating with any competitor of Sublime Stitching may, whether personally or in his/her professional capacity, register for or subscribe to the Sublime Stitching newsletter, register an account with Sublime Stitching or register or subscribe to view the Sublime Stitching weblog without prior, express written authorization.
If you have questions about these terms, or would like information about licensing materials from Sublime Stitching, please contact us.
Invalid password