http://www.watersolutions.net/company/privacy.php
We
at Water Solutions take very seriously the trust instilled in keeping
collected information private and secure. The following Privacy Statement
outlines our policies and procedures in regards to your personal information.
Any and all questions about these policies should be directed to jjuly@watersolutions.net.
What
information do we gather?
We
collect and store all information submitted to us by online feedback and
order forms, e-mail communications and other electronic methods of transmitting
data. The only information collected through these methods is what is
provided by you, the end user. No other private data, outside what is
normally transferred via form or e-mail (such as your current IP address
and web browser) is collected.
Do
we use cookies to collect information?
No.
Water Solutions does not use cookies on our site to collect or otherwise
transfer information.
Does
Water Solutions share any information received?
No.
Any information submitted to Water Solutions remains the private proprietary
property of Water Solutions and at no time is disseminated. The only exception
to this case is when the shipping of our products is conducted directly
from the manufacturer. In case such as this, your pertinent order information
(product type, product quantity and shipping address) is shared with the
manufacturer. At no time is any sensitive information, such as credit
card numbers, shared with any third party.
What
about unsolicited e-mail messages?
Water Solutions periodically sends out to
its customers or other interested parties a newsletter announcing new
products, services and major website additions and changes. Messages such
as this are only sent to customers who have provided their e-mail address
to us during ordering or other communications and those who have elected
to subscribe through our contact page. Removal from this list, upon request,
will be done in an expeditious fashion. At no time is the mailing list
distributed, sold or otherwise transmitted or shared with any third-parties.
How
securely is information transmitted?
Water Solutions utilizes the shopping cart
services of Web Contact Pro and SkipJack Merchant Services to transfer
your funds. This system is secure because it utilizes special encryption
or SSL technologies for the transmission of sensitive information.
If you prefer, we still offer "Live Person" ordering where you
may utilize our toll-free telephone number to purchase products and otherwise
contact Water Solutions.
Feb 3rd 2009
Privacy
Policy
Terms
of Use
Copyright
© 2002 - 2020, Water Solutions
All Rights Reserved
Site
maintained by Atlas Design Solutions.
904-808-0535 | 800-536-7234
89 Cedar Street
St. Augustine, FL 32084-4311
contact@watersolutions.net