http://www.shopaarons.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
78749
Is this your zip?
78749
Search
Search
Search
Chat
Pay
Store
Favorites
English
|
Spanish
Furniture
Chat
Pay
Store
Favorites
Furniture
Shop By Product
|
Shop By Brand
Shop By Product
Bedroom Sets
Sofas & Loveseats
Living Room Sets
Sectionals
Mattress Sets
Recliners & Chairs
Dining Room Sets
Office Furniture
Sofa Beds & Sleepers
Entertainment Centers
Kids' Beds
Rugs, Lamps, & Tables
Preleased Products
Furniture on Sale
Shop By Brand
Ashley
Elements International
Beautyrest
Steve Silver
Woodhaven
Lane
All Brands
12-11-20 - Unwrap Holiday Deals - $5GYS
Unwrap holiday deals
Plus
5
Gets youstarted*
December 11 - 15
Some restrictions apply.
New Arrivals
Express Products
Buying Guides
Preleased Products
Mattresses
Electronics
Chat
Pay
Store
Favorites
Electronics
Shop By Product
|
Shop By Brand
Shop By Product
TVs
Gaming
Desktops & Monitors
Laptops & Tablets
Home Theater & Audio
Preleased Products
Electronics on Sale
Shop By Brand
ASUS
HP
Nintendo
Samsung
Sony
Xbox
JBL
Hisense
All Brands
12-11-20 - Unwrap Holiday Deals - $5GYS
Unwrap holiday deals
Plus
5
Gets youstarted*
December 11 - 15
Some restrictions apply.
New Arrivals
Express Products
Buying Guides
Preleased Products
Appliances
Chat
Pay
Store
Favorites
Appliances
Shop By Product
|
Shop By Brand
Shop By Product
Washers & Dryers
Refrigerators
Ranges
Dishwashers
Freezers
Air Conditioning
Wine Coolers & Beverage Fridges
Preleased Products
Appliances on Sale
Shop By Brand
GE Appliances
Samsung
All Brands
12-11-20 - Unwrap Holiday Deals - $5GYS
Unwrap holiday deals
Plus
5
Gets youstarted*
December 11 - 15
Some restrictions apply.
New Arrivals
Express Products
Buying Guides
Preleased Products
More
Chat
Pay
Store
Favorites
More
Lawn Mowers
Outdoor Power
Outdoor Living
Air Conditioning
Fireplaces
Pool, Foosball, and Arcade
Just for Kids!
Robot Vacuum
Power Tools
12-11-20 - Unwrap Holiday Deals - $5GYS
Unwrap holiday deals
Plus
5
Gets youstarted*
December 11 - 15
Some restrictions apply.
New Arrivals
Express Products
Buying Guides
Preleased Products
Sale
New Arrivals
Express Products
Buying Guides
Preleased Products
What is Rent to Own?
Inspiration
Inspiration
Living Room Ideas
Kitchen and Dining Room Ideas
Bedroom Ideas
Home Office Ideas
Apartment Living Guide
Moving Tips
Home Decor Inspiration
Budgeting Tips
Living Room Ideas
Buying Guides
Resources
Resources
What is Rent to Own?
How it Works
Buying Guides
Aaron's Benefits
Aaron's Club
EZPay
FAQ
Blog
Customer Testimonials
Refer a Friend
In-Store Leasing Power™
COVID-19 Policies
Careers
What is Rent to Own?
Careers at Aaron's
Blog
Careers
Privacy Policy
This ("Policy") describes how Aaron's, LLC, its parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, and franchisees
(collectively "Aaron's," "we" "our" or "us"), collects, uses and shares your information. This Policy does not cover
the collection of mobile device information for in-store analytics. To the extent individual stores collect such
information, please see store signage for more information and opt-out choices.
Aaron's takes the privacy of its customers and visitors to its websites very seriously. We understand that you may
have questions about how we collect, use, and share your information. This Policy describes the type of information
we collect, how we use and share that information, how we protect that information, your choices regarding that
information, and how you can contact us with any questions.
Highlights
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED,HOW IS IT COLLECTED AND HOW IS THAT
INFORMATIONUSED?
We collect Personal Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("NPI"), as defined below.
We collect Personal Information and NPI about our customers, store and website visitors, in primarily
three ways: directly from our customer, store or website visitor (for example, when buying or leasing
products from our stores or from entering your information when online), from our web server & application
logs, cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, and from third-parties. We use your Personal Information and NPI primarily to provide you our products and services, to
ensure quality of service, to contact you, to provide you with offers or information about our products
and services, and to provide you with a personalized website experience. We do not share with others any Personal Information, unless we say so in this Policy, or when we believe
in good faith that the law requires it.
More Details
HOW IS MY INFORMATION SHARED?
We share your Personal Information and NPI with our affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, and franchisees.
We also share your Personal Information and NPI with our service providers and other third-parties
as described below. We may also share your Personal Information and NPI to meet our obligations to technology and
content providers, or as required by law.
More Details
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
If you do not want to receive information about our products or services, please update your
account preferences (where available), and/or utilize the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" mechanism within the
communications that you receive from us. If you have any additional questions or concerns related to this Policy, you may:
email us at privacy@aarons.com;
call us at 1-877-496-1606 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday; or
write to us at Aaron's, LLC, Legal Department Attn: Privacy Office 400 Galleria
Pkwy, SE Suite 300 Atlanta, GA 30339.
California residents have additional options and rights with respect to Personal Information. Please refer
to the section below titled “California Residents’ Options Regarding Personal Information” for
additional information or visit privacy.aarons.com.
For all other customer inquiries, call us at 1-877-496-1606 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through
Friday or email us anytime at
myexperience@aarons.com.
More Details
HOW IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED?
We have implemented certain appropriate security measures to help protect your Personal
Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Despite these measures, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable
to defeat our security measures.
More Details
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect two main categories of information from or about you: Personal Information
and Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("NPI").
We define Personal Information as information that directly identifies an individual, such as
name, residential street address or postal address, email address, social security number, date of birth, driver's
license number, geolocation, government issued identification number, phone number, credit card number, bank
account or other financial institution account number. Personal Information may also include details about devices
used to access our websites or mobile applications such as IP address, browser information, device information,
and operating system information. We may also collect information about the use of websites, mobile
applications, social media presence, and internet-enabled services and platforms by automated means, such as
cookies, web beacons,HTML5 localStorage, and other technologies. We discuss this further below in our “How Do We
Collect Your Information” section.
We define Non-Personally Identifiable Information or NPI as information about an
individual or about categories or groups of individuals that does not identify you individually, This may include
your gender, vehicle information, occupation and other employment information, personal references, and
residence-related information such as lease and ownership information, and other information.
How Do We Collect Your Information?
We may collect Personal Information from you in a variety of ways. For example, we collect information you provide
when you seek to lease or buy our products, or otherwise enter into a contractual arrangement with Aaron's at
physical store locations. We may also collect Personal Information from or about you when you visit a website
owned or operated by Aaron's or on our behalf or by our franchisees, when you use our mobile applications, visit
social media websites, when you encounter Aaron's at an event, or when you enter a promotion we offer.
On occasion, we use third-parties to provide us with additional Personal Information about you. For example, if we
know your name and postal address, we may use a third-party to provide us with your email address. In addition to
what is described below, we use this information for market analysis, marketing and other business purposes,
including enforcement of contractual obligations. We may also collect Personal Information about you from consumer
and/or credit reporting agencies, your personal references, and from our corporate entities and franchisees, among
others. If you provide Personal Information to us regarding others, we rely on you to obtain that other person's
consent for disclosing their information to us and inform that other person about how we will use the information
and our contact details for any queries.
In addition to what is described below, we collect NPI through many sources, including from information that
you and third-parties provide to us.
Online Activities
When you visit our websites, we may collect information about your visit and store that information, which
are records of the activities on our website. Our servers automatically capture and save the
information electronically. Examples of the information that we may collect or that third-parties
(including third-parties involved in online, interest-based advertising operations) may collect while you navigate
our website include, but are not limited to:
Your Internet protocol or "IP" address;
The name of your Internet service provider;The city, state, and country from which you access our
website;
The type and version of browser, operating system, computer, or mobile device you use;
Screen resolution;
A list of your browser's plug-ins;
Installed fonts;
Other technical characteristics of your browser, computer, or device;
The links you click within the website and the pages you visit;
The date and time of your visit;
The web page from which you arrived to our website; and
Certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website.
The information we collect helps us administer the website, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content
from inappropriate use, and improve the visitor's experience. The information may also be used for marketing
purposes and may uniquely distinguish your browser or computer from others’ devices.
Cookies
In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, we may use cookies to store and
help track information about you. A cookie is a small data string that a web server stores on your computer
or mobile device. (A web server is the computer that hosts a website and responds to requests received from
your computer). Cookies can play an important role in providing a good customer experience using the web. Among
other things, cookies enable a website to maintain continuity when a visitor's web browser requests a series of
webpages. Without cookies, for example, a website owner may not be able to recognize that a visitor
just completed the first step during an online ordering process so that the second step can be presented.
Cookies also enable advertising. Navigating our website will result in the placement of
various advertising-related cookies by third-parties on your computer or device. These cookies allow web
servers involved in advertising operations to recognize your browser as you navigate to other websites, and
are necessary for the online delivery or placement of our ads.
Cookies generally hold various types of information, including randomly assigned unique identifiers, which
allow websites, including websites covered by this Policy, to customize your experiences on the websites
and gather information about your navigation of the websites. We may use different kinds of cookies, including
HTTP cookies (also known as browser cookies) and Local Shared Objects such as Flash cookies that are built for
use with the Adobe® Flash® Player. We may also use similar technologies, such as HTML5 localStorage.
Information gathered from cookies helps us understand how our websites are performing and provides website
usage information to support customizing and improving our websites and their messaging and advertisements.
We also use cookies to help verify the identity of a website visitor or to recognize you as a return
or registered visitor and remember your settings and preferences. Cookies allow us to save preferences for you so
you won't have to reenter them each time you visit.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept browser cookies. You can manage browser cookies by using features and
functions available on most Internet browsers. For example, most browsers will allow you to choose what cookies
can be placed on your computer and to delete or disable cookies. Flash Cookies, which by their nature are
associated with Flash Player, may be managed with guidance from Adobe available at:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.
You should understand that some features of many websites may not function properly if you
block or don't accept cookies.
Other Data Collection Technologies
We may use web beacons, pixel tags, .gif files, and the like, that allow for the collection of information
about your interactions on our websites. These technologies may be used, for example, to place
advertisements, to understand website traffic patterns and the number of visitors to our website, and to measure
the effectiveness of advertisements or our website. Web beacons, and the like, also enable third-parties involved
in advertising operations to recognize your browser as you navigate to other websites, and are necessary for the
online delivery or placement of our ads. We may use statistical identifiers based on the relative uniqueness of
browser and device characteristics.
Social Networks and Widgets
Our website also includes social network or other third-party plug-ins and widgets that may provide information to
their associated social networks or third-parties about Aaron's websites you visit, even if you donot click on or
otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget and regardless of whether you have an account or other relationship
with these social networks and third-parties. Information is transmitted from your browser and may include an
identifier assigned by the social network or third-party, information about your browser type, operating system,
device type, IP address and the URL of the web page where the plug-in or widget appears. If you use social network
tools or visit social networking websites, you should read their privacy policies, to learn what information they
collect, use, and share.
Links to Other Websites
Aaron's websites contain content, services, advertising and other materials that link to websites operated
by third-parties. We have no control over those other websites, and this Policy does not apply to them.
We encourage you to refer to the privacy policies of those websites.
How Do We Use and Share Your Information?
We use the Personal Information and NPI we collect from you for many purposes. For example, we use
and share Personal Information and NPI to:
process, manage, complete and account for transactions, including fulfilling product and
service arrangements and collecting amounts payable associated with such arrangements;
provide products and services you request;
enforce contractual obligations;
help prevent fraud, unauthorized or criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
operate, evaluate and improve our business, including developing new products and services,
managing our communications, performing research and administering our website and other programs, and
for auditing purposes;
market and advertise to you our products and services and the products and services of our franchisees and
other third-parties through email, online outreach, direct mail, and other channels;
communicate with you about our products and services, including to respond to your comments and inquiries,
to use "click-to-chat" or equivalent functionality for customer service purposes, and to identify
your preferences so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, promotions or events that may
be of interest to you;
communicate with you about and administer your participation in promotions we offer or are involved in, such
as sweepstakes, contests, special events and other programs;
enable you to participate in surveys and other research efforts;
perform data analysis, including market and consumer research, financial analysis, and to
measure the effectiveness of our advertising efforts online and otherwise; and
comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, industry standards or guidelines,
and Aaron's policies.
In addition to other sharing described in this section, we may disclose Personal Information and NPI:(i) in order
to comply with laws or legal process, including subpoenas or agency orders and investigations which we determine
are required under appropriate circumstances; (ii) as we reasonably determine necessary or appropriate to protect
property, our rights or the rights of others; and (iii) to enforce our contracts, policies and customer agreements.
We may also de-identify Personal Information that we receive from you or from third-parties so that it cannot
be used to identify a specific individual.
We may transfer information covered by this Policy, including Personal Information, in connection with a merger or
sale or store closing (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) of all or part of
Aaron's business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control.
Sharing With Corporate Entities, Franchisees and Third-Parties
We also share Personal Information and NPI with our affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions,
franchisees and service providers who provide services to us or on our behalf and agree to only use such
information for the purpose for which it was provided and in accordance with this Policy.
We may also provide Personal Information and NPI to credit bureaus, third parties collecting amounts owed to
us, and third parties to whom we assign your account for collection purposes.
We may also share the Personal Information with select third-party vendors, business partners and other companies
so that they can send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions)
offered by them. After the information is provided to such third-parties, the subsequent use or disclosure of such
information is subject to those third-parties' privacy policies and practices.
We may also use services hosted by third-parties to assist in providing our services and to help us understand our
customers' use of our products. A third-party service may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web
page request, including, for example, your IP address, the third-party's cookies, or any of the other categories of
information itemized under Online Activities, above.
Aaron's uses "interest-based" ads also known as "online behavioral advertising" or "OBA."
Online behavioral advertising is advertising that is directed to you based, at least in part, on your
Internet browsing behavior across the web. Although we do not share Personal Information with the third-parties
that conduct advertising operations on our behalf, these third-parties and their affiliates do collect certain
information as a result of their "tags" being on our website. The information they collect includes the name (URL)
of the web pages you view while on our site, your IP address, time of visit, information about your browser
software, information about your device, and randomly-assigned identifiers stored and/or transmitted using cookies
or similar technologies, which they use to target and serve advertising. Aaron's uses third-parties
that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which prescribes certain norms of conduct and provides
an opt-out for behaviorally targeted ads, as discussed in "Your Options Regarding Personal Information," below.
How Do We Protect
Your Information?
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards intended to protect against the loss,
misuse, unauthorized access, or disclosure of Personal Information and NPI. Although we take such
precautions seriously, it is impossible for us or others to guarantee the safety and security of Personal
Information and NPI.
Will this
Policy Change?
This Policy may be updated periodically to reflect relevant changes in our information practices. We will post a
notice on our website to inform you of significant changes to this Policy. We will also provide additional
information regarding changes to this Policy as may be required by law.
Your Options Regarding
Personal Information
You may request that we correct, update or amend the Personal Information we hold about you. To
update us regarding changes in your Personal Information, please contact us at the store location at which you
have done business or you may contact us as described below.
You may elect to opt-out of receipt of email and text communications from us by following the instructions
provided in such communications or by contacting us as provided below. Even after opting out, you may
still receive service oriented, non-promotional communications from us and promotional communications from other
third-parties as a result of their own interactions or transactions with you. Please allow time for us to
process your request or contact us should you have any concerns about your opt-out request
"Do-Not-Track." Do-Not-Track is a public-private initiative that has developed a technical "flag" or signal that
an end-user may be able to activate within their browser software to notify websites that they do not wish to be
"tracked" by third parties as defined by the initiative. The initiative, however, has not reached a consensus as
to exactly what technical or other actions those parties receiving the signal should take. As a result,
Do-Not-Track has not yet been standardized and most websites, including Aaron's, do not alter their behavior or
change their services when they receive a "do-not-track" flag or signal.
You can, however, make decisions about your privacy and the ads you receive. As explained in the section above,
"Sharing With Corporate Entities, Franchisees and Third-Parties," Aaron's uses online behavioral
advertising. You can control whether companies use your Personal Information to serve you behaviorally-based
advertising by visiting the DAA web page and using the DAA's opt-out: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. The DAA opt-out requires
that cookies not be blocked in your browser.
As an alternative to the DAA opt-out, you can also elect to block all cookies from first-parties
(such as Aaron's) and from third-parties (such as entities involved in advertising) by using the cookie blocking
options built into your browser software. For example, in Internet Explorer 9, you can block both first and
third-party cookies by selecting those options at Tools/Internet Options/Privacy/Settings-Advanced/Override
Automatic Cookie Handling. As another example, if you are using Firefox 25, you can "uncheck" Accept All Cookies
under Firefox Preferences/Privacy-Use Custom Settings For History/Accept Cookies from Sites.
Please note, however, that if you do decide to block cookies, some parts of our website may not function
correctly.
California Residents’ Options Regarding Personal
Information
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents have certain rights with respect to their Personal Information, as described
below. We are required by law to verify your identity in connection with any request in order to prevent
unauthorized access of your data. Aaron’s will utilize consumer provided personal and agreement related
information to verify the identity of said consumer against known Aaron’s customer information. This may require
us to verify your identity by means of collecting personal information to compare with the information that we
have on file. This data will be used solely for validation purposes and will not be stored separately. Please
note that your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g.,
the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). We will try
to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted
in whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and applicable law. Where
required by applicable law, we will notify you if we reject your request and notify you of the reasons we are
unable to honor your request.
Right to Know and Access Information: You may access Personal Information
we maintain about you using the methods provided below. If we grant your request, we will provide you with a
copy of the Personal Information we maintain about you in the ordinary course of business. This may include
what Personal Information we collect, use, or disclose about you. We may not fulfill some or all of your
request to access as permitted by applicable law.
Deletion of Personal Information: You may request that we delete your Personal
Information.
Depending on the scope of your request, we may refrain from granting your request, as permitted by
applicable law. For we may be legally required to retain your information in our business records. You may
submit a deletion request using the methods provided below.
“Do Not Sell”: We do not sell your Personal Information, including as defined by
California law.
Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you, in terms of price or services that
we offer, if you submit one of the requests listed above.
Authorized Agent:
California residents may use an authorized agent on their behalf to exercise a privacy right discussed
above. If you are an authorized agent acting on behalf of a California resident to communicate with us
or to exercise a privacy right discussed above, you must be able to demonstrate that you have the
requisite authorization to act on behalf of the resident and have sufficient access to their laptop,
desktop, or mobile device to exercise these rights digitally. If you are an authorized agent trying to
exercise rights on behalf of an Aaron’s user, please contact us at the contact information below with
supporting verification information, which includes a valid Power of Attorney in the State of
California, proof that you have access to the consumer’s interface, and proof of your own identify.
To Exercise Rights:
To exercise the rights described above, please go to privacy.aarons.com or contact us using the
information below. Should you have any questions or concerns regarding your California rights or this
privacy policy, you
may contact us using the contact information below.
Aaron's, LLC, Legal Department
Attn: Privacy Office
400 Galleria Pkwy, SE
Suite 300
Atlanta, GA 30339
1-800-950-7368
Additional California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing Personal Information with
third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Please indicate your preference by contacting us as
described above. Please also note it may take us thirty (30) days to fully process your request.
Children's Online Privacy Policy
This website is not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect Personal
Information from children under the age of 16 on this website. In addition, Aaron’s does not sell any personal
Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Last Revised: October 21, 2020
Secondary Navigation