http://www.mohotta.com/privacypledge
CALL1 (800) 462 3220
My Account
newsletter
Wholesale
0
ITEMS
$ 0.00
|VIEW YOUR BASKET
Close
Shopping Cart
0 Items
Subtotal: $0
Continue Shopping
Checkout »
Hot Sauces
All Hot Sauces
Holiday Sauces
Best Sellers
New Hot Sauces
Extreme Hot Sauces
Top 20 Hottest Sauces
Mo Hotta Hot Sauces
Hot Pepper Extracts
Humorous Hot Sauces
Collegiate Hot Sauces
Political Hot Sauces
Adult Hot Sauces
Collector Hot Sauces
Custom Label
Gift Baskets & Sets
Gift Baskets
Gift Buckets
Hot Sauce Samplers
Sauce Gift Bundles
Four Pack Assortments
Gifts Under $20
Gifts under $30
Gifts Under $40
Gifts Under $60
Stocking Stuffers
Corporate Gifts
Virtual Gift Cards
BBQ Sauces
Barbeque Sauces
Barbeque Joints Across America
BBQ Rubs
Cookin' Sauces
Crazy Condiments
Marinades & Sauces
Wing Sauces
Steak Sauces
Jamaican Jerks & Rubs
Mustards & Ketchups
Fiery Snacks
Fiery Coffee
Snacks & Munchies
Spicy Nuts
Red Hot Candy
Mo Hotta Beef Jerky
Salsas & Spices
Spices & Chili Mixes
Salsas
Chile Powders & Pods
Online Specials
Home/privacypledge
Contact Information
By PHONE in the USA
(800) 462-3220
By PHONE internationally
(912) 748-2766
By FAX
(800) 618-4454
or
(912) 748-1364
By MAIL
P.O. Box 1026
Savannah, GA 31402
By E-MAIL
mohotta@mohotta.com
We Respect Your Privacy
Mo Hotta - Mo Betta respects the privacy of our customers and web site visitors. When you visit or shop with us, we want you to know we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchange with our site. We do this because it is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to order transaction information.
On-Line Policy
We collect information on-line when you request a catalog or place orders so that we can efficiently fill your catalog request, ship your orders and provide you with e-mail order confirmation pertaining to your orders. The information we collect may also be used by us to contact you for marketing purposes. We do not, however, share your on-line order information or telephone number with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your telephone number on-line, you will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders you have already placed with our company.
E-Mail Policy
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address and telling us that you prefer not to receive e-mail from our company.
Postal Policy
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products or special purchase opportunities. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address. We will be pleased to respect your wishes.
Reputable Company Mailing Policy
You may also receive occasional mailings from other reputable companies. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address and telling us that you prefer not to receive mailings from other reputable companies. We will see that your name and address are removed from the list we occasionally share with other organizations.