http://www.zappos.com/c/interest-based-ads-policy
Interest-Based AdsInterest-based ads are sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads. When you visit Zappos websites, Zappos or third parties, as applicable, may show interest-based ads to display features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.
What sort of information do we use to show interest-based ads?
To serve you interest-based ads, we provide information such as your interactions with Zappos sites, content, or services to authorized third party advertising providers. We do not use information which on its own identifies you, such as name or e-mail address, to serve interest-based ads.
As is common in the advertising industry, we along with third party advertising providers use cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively, "cookies") to understand the effectiveness of the interest-based ads shown to you by measuring what ads are clicked or viewed, and to provide you with more useful and relevant ads. For example, if we know what ads are shown to your browser we can be careful not to show the same ads repeatedly.
See our Privacy Notice for more information about the types of information that we gather.
How do we work with third parties to show you interest-based ads?
We work with third parties, such as advertisers, publishers, social media networks, search engines, ad serving companies, and advertising companies working on their behalf, to improve the relevance of ads shown to you. In providing you interest-based ads we do not associate your interactions on unaffiliated sites with information which on its own identifies you, such as name or email address, and we do not provide any such information to advertisers or to third-party sites that display our interest-based ads. Advertisers and other third parties may assume that users who interact with or click on an interest-based ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, users in a particular geographical area or users who purchased or browsed for hiking boots).
Third party advertisers or advertising companies working on their behalf sometimes use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads, directly to your browser or device, and they may automatically receive an IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads, show you more relevant advertising content, and perform services on behalf of Zappos. For information on how to control and delete cookies (including third party cookies) please visit our Privacy Notice.
Advertising Preferences
Zappos offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us. You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from Zappos. You will still see ads but they will not be based on your interests.
Adjust your advertising preference Show me interest-based ads provided by Zappos
Do not show me interest-based ads provided by Zappos SubmitIf you choose not to be shown interest-based ads above, we will no longer show interest-based ads to you. Even if you choose not to see interest-based ads, you may still see personalized product recommendations and other similar features on Zappos and its affiliated sites. You may also see ads provided by Zappos, they just will not be based on your interests. For more general information, please see our Privacy Notice.
Choosing not to see interest-based ads will not affect other services that use cookies and information may still be collected for other purposes. You can manage cookies in the privacy settings of the web browser you are using. Further details on how we use cookies and how you can manage cookies are contained in our Privacy Notice.
We use cookies to manage your choice to not receive interest-based ads. If you delete these cookies or use a different browser, you will have to choose not to receive interest-based ads again. Similarly, if your browser restricts or does not support cookies, we may not be able to remember your choice not to see interest-based ads on that browser. To help avoid having to repeat your choice you can login with your Zappos account and make the selection above to enable us to honor your choice whenever we recognize your Zappos account.
In addition to selecting your ad preference above, there are other ways you can limit interest-based ads. Some advertising service providers may permit you to generally opt-out of some or all interest-based advertising from third parties who are members of self-regulated programs such as the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. Google, Microsoft and Facebook also offer you certain ad choices. Please note that Zappos does not control these opt-outs, which may be updated or removed in accordance with those parties’ own respective policies. If you opt-out using any of the above methods you will still see ads, but they may not be personalized.
Zappos FooterMake your inbox happy by joining our exclusive newsletter!EmailSign Up TodaySuccess! Thank you for subscribing!