http://www.thecigarstore.com/privacypolicy.php
Skip to Content
10% DISCOUNT CODE - READ MORE - WE ARE OPEN AND STILL SHIPPING ORDERS
×
Enter Code at Checkout:
Expires In
Cigars
Cigars
Shop by Brand
Cigar Samplers
It's a Boy Cigars
It's a Girl Cigars
New Products
Advanced Search
Popular Brands
Acid
Arturo Fuente
AVO
Baccarat
CAO
Casa Bella
El Rey Del Mundo
...see all brands
Deals
Pipes
Pipe Accessories
Accessories
Pipe Tools
Cleaning Supplies
Accessories
Cigar & Pipe Accessories
Cigar Accessories
Pipe Accessories
Lighters
Retail Store Items
Smoke Odor Control
Humidors
Humidors
Desktop Humidors
Travel Humidors
Humidification Accessories
Gift Certificates
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policies
The Cigar Store respects privacy of Internet Users and does not collect personally identifying information
without the Internet Users permission.
Your Email Address
If you sign up on our mailing list, you may occasionally receive e-mails with special offers or notices about
our site that might interest you. We hope you enjoy receiving these e-mails. We never rent or sell your name and
e-mail address to other on-line marketers of products or services without your consent. However, if you would
prefer not to receive any e-mail of this nature from us, there will be an "Unsubscribe" on the bottom
of the e-mail newsletter.
Collection of Data
The Cigar Store does not collect Internet User identity or contact information from Internet Users visits to
TheCigarStore.com
The Cigar Store does not employ any technology or means of preventing an Internet User from disabling the
acceptance of a Cookie. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but an Internet Users browser may be set
by the Internet User to disable this function. Some Web browsers or similar Internet navigating technology may
not support (or consistently support) Cookie technology.
Use and Disclosure of Data
The Cigar Store does not sell or rent personally identifying information. The Cigar Store does not disclose
personally identifying information to anyone that The Cigar Store is not authorized to do so.
Policy Changes
The Cigar Store may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Any changes will be posted at this site. Except as otherwise required by law, modifications to this Privacy
Policy will not affect the privacy of data collected by The Cigar Store prior to the effective date of the
policy change.
Disclaimer
You must be 21 years of age to order any tobacco product.
If you purchase cigars online from this site you are certifying that you are over the age of 21.
more
If you purchase cigars online from this site you are certifying that you are over the age of 21.
Individuals who are caught attempting to purchase these products under the age of 18 will forfeit their
payment and be subject to full prosecution under the law. All California residents are subject to 8.25%
sales tax from cigar stores for cigars and tobacco products only, an additional 65.08% excise tax which
will be added during the checkout process.
Read More
less
© Copyright 2020 The Cigar Store, Inc.