http://www.rxhomeo.com/privacy-policy-rxhomeo-com
IMPORTANT NOTICEDue to Corona Virus lock-down in several locations across United States, courier services are suspended. Therefore, we may not be able to fill orders. Orders from such cities will be cancelled later and amount will be refunded. If there is a lock-down in your location, we request you not to place order till everything normalizes. Otherwise, even if we manage to ship your order, shipment will get stuck in transit.COUPON: $2-OFF-1st-ORDER$2 Off on your 1st order, no minimums, use coupon: $2-OFF-1st-ORDER (more coupons)FREE ShippingFREE Standard shipping (3-4 business days) free for orders above $30 and FREE Express Shipping (1-3 business days) for orders above $45Minimum Order Just $10Minimum order value is just $10 to any location in the United StatesSame Day shippingOrders received before 1 PM Central time are shipped on the same dayProducts of highest quality are shipped from our facility in Carrollton, TXMore Payment Options NowYou can pay with Credit Cards and Debit CardsMinimum Order only $10Free Shipping on Orders > $30IMPORTANT NOTICE
United States India
Welcome!
PRODUCT INDEX
A .
B .
C .
D .
E .
F .
G .
H .
I .
J .
K .
L .
M .
N .
O .
P .
Q .
R .
S .
T .
U .
V .
W .
X .
Y .
Z .
Home /
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicySECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@rxhomeo.com or mailing us at: Rxhomeo Inc 1504 Fairway Dr. Ste W100 Lewisville, TX 75057 USA
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SECTION 5 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.COOKIESList of Cookies to be updated here.SECTION 6 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.SECTION 7 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.SECTION 8 - MARKETING USEWe use Google analytics features based on Display Advertising (Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting) on this website.Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.We may use data from Google’s Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics for understanding our site’s audience.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@rxhomeo.com or by mail at Rxhomeo Private Limited[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer][1504 Fairway Dr. Ste W100 Lewisville, TX 75057 USA]---- © 2020 All rights reserved | Rxhomeo® is a registered trademark in the United States and other countries | Rxhomeo, Inc 3200 Commander Dr, Ste 100-W1, Carrollton, TX 75006 USA
Quantity Discounts$100 - $200    15%$201 - $500    20%$501 - $900    25%$901 - more    30%All prices in US$ | Discount is applied in cart when criteria is met | Coupon not required | Discount not applicable on Blank Pellets and Tablets | Terms and Conditions apply.CompanyAbout Rxhomeo®HomeopathyContact UsCustomer ServicePrivacy PolicyRefund PolicyTerms of UseProductsSingle Remedy PelletsBiochemic Cell SaltsPractitioner SuppliesSearch ProductsQuick LinksMy AccountOrders & ReturnsFAQs & Answers Newsletter Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Manufactured according to the Homoeopathic Pharmacopoeia of the United States | FDA Est.# 30052969310This site is intended for U.S. Residents OnlyLIVE HELP: 1-888-BRYONIA (2796642) Mon-Fri: 8.30 AM to 11.30 AM CST/CDT®
* Claims based on traditional homeopathic practice, not accepted medical evidence. Not FDA evaluatedThis site Rxhomeo.com is intended for U.S. residents and Rxhomeo.in for Indian residents.