http://www.maisonbouquet.com/privacy-policy/
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Skip to Main Content »
Search Site
Category Navigation:
Home
Products
Lampe Berger
Clearance Items
Perfume Berger & Accessories
Lampe Berger Wick
Funnels and Tops
Perfume Berger
Lampe Berger Oil
New Lampe Berger Oils
Parfum - 500 ml
Dreams of Exploration
Oriental Dreams
Sweet Dreams
Dreams of Flowers
Dreams of Fruit
Dreams of Freshness
Pure Dreams
Functionals
Parfum - 1 Liter
Discontinued Oil
Lampe Berger Lamps
Editions Limitees
New Lampe Berger
The Ices
The Spices
The Flames
The Purples
The Oceans
The Twilights
The Patterns
Signatures
Shipping
About Us
Information
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact
/
You're currently on:
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Maison Bouquet Ltd. Co. is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. We also require, if you so choose, to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone. If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items.
Registration
In the event you choose to create an account to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the registration form. During registration, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. This information is used to provide you with important services such as automated order status updates via e-mail.
Order
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, or PayPal information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by a security system. See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy.
Cookies
We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie. We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.
Sharing
We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
FedEx Corporation942 South Shady Grove RoadMemphis, TN 381201-800-GO-FEDEXwww.fedex.com
UPS Corporate Headquarters55 Glenlake Parkway, NEAtlanta , GA 30328United Stateswww.ups.com
US Postal Service Headquarters475 L'Enfant Plaza, SWWashington DC1-800-ASK-USPSwww.usps.com
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Testimonials
The testimonials section of the MaisonBouquet.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences. The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by MaisonBouquet.com. MaisonBouquet.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion.
By posting your comment(s) or testimonial(s) ("Testimonial") on our website, you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business. You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) We may use the Testimonial locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial.
Other than your pseudo (pen) name, which we may or may not use, your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial.
Children
MaisonBouquet.com does not sell products for purchase by children. Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use MaisonBouquet.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13. MaisonBouquet.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that MaisonBouquet.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Security
MaisonBouquet.com takes precautions to protect its customers' information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL. MaisonBouquet.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available: 128-bit encryption
Access to all of our users' information is restricted.
All MaisonBouquet.com servers, including web servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations. Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access. The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment, inside a secured and locked room.
Special Offers
Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant MaisonBouquet.com permission to send them such information.
To honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. At the time of your order, you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. Furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news. Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or MaisonBouquet.com news.
Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information
Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting their account section. You must have your username and password in order to access your account. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service for assistance.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
Last Update
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective December 26, 2011.
Address
Maison Bouquet, Ltd.
317 Trenton Street
West Monroe, LA 71291
318.361.0263
© 2012 Maison Bouquet Ltd. Co. All Rights Reserved.
Newsletter Sign-up
Newsletter
Subscribe
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
Please wait...
Item(s) added to cart
Continue shopping (5)
or
View cart & checkout
Lampe Berger and Lampe Berger Oils