http://www.dgtprojects.com/index.php/aboutdgt/privacy
HomeProductsDigital ClocksElectronic Boards >Smart BoardUSB e-BoardBluetooth e-Board Tournament BoardsDraughts e-BoardElectronic Chess PiecesChess Computers >DGT PiRevelation IIDGT CentaurChess Starter BoxesNon-electronic Chess SetsAccessoriesBuy NowDGT e-ShopFind a DealerNewsMarketingProduct PicturesProduct SheetsProduct InformationToy FairsDealer FormsDGT Centaur Media KitSupportProduct ManualsF.A.Q.Repair ManualsDGT SoftwareService CentresRegister your ProductContact DGT SupportAbout DGTHistoryCareerContactPrivacy statement
May
25
Privacy statement
Privacy Statement Digital Game TechnologyDigital Game Technology B.V. (hereafter referred to as DGT), located at Hengelosestraat 66, 7514 AJ in Enschede, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement.Contact detailsDGTAddress: Hengelosestraat 66Postal code: 7514 AJCity: EnschedePhone: +31534305195Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Questions or comments about this privacy statement can be made to the DGT Data Protection Officer via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or via the general telephone number.Personal data that we processDGT processes your personal data by using our services and / or by providing this information to us.
Below is an overview of the personal data that we may process- First and last name- Gender- Address data- Telephone and fax number- E-mail address- Details of payments / bank details- Information about activities on our website- Company information including Chamber of Commerce number, VAT numberCollecting dataOur website and / or services does not intend to collect information about website visitors who are younger than 16 years, unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we can’t check if a visitor is younger than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent.If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this permission, please contact us via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., we will delete a.s.a.p.Why do we process personal dataDGT processes personal data for the following reasons:- Sending a quotation, order confirmation, invoice, reminder- Handling payments- Sending our newsletter and / or advertising brochure- Being able to call or e-mail if necessary to be able to provide our services feed- Informing about changes to our services and products- To deliver goods and services to you- DGT analyzes your behavior on the website in order to improve the usability of our website and tailor the range of products and services to your preferences- DGT also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do soWithin DGT, the following departments are directly or indirectly involved in collecting or working with personal data: HRM, R & D, Support, ICT, Purchasing, Administration, Logistics and Sales.We only collect data that is necessary for our business operations or that is needed to comply with legal obligations.Automated decision-making:DGT does not make decisions based on automated processing on matters that can have (significant) consequences for people. These are decisions taken by computer programs or systems, without involving a person (for example, an employee of DGT).Example of automated processing of personnel data within DGT are:- the contact form of our website automatically sends an email to our info mailbox- the support form of the website automatically forwards an email to our support email addressHow long do we store personal dataDGT does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected or as long as it is necessary to comply with legal regulations.Sharing personal data with third partiesDGT neither shares not sells your information to third parties and will only provide this information if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. With companies that process your data in our assignment, we conclude a processor agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. DGT remains responsible for these processing operations.Cookies, or similar techniques, that we useDGT uses only technical and functional cookies. And analytical cookies that do not infringe your privacy. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. The cookies we use are necessary for the technical operation of the website and the ease of use. They ensure that the website works properly and remember, for example, your preferences. We can also optimize our website with this.You can unsubscribe yourself from cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser.View, modify or delete dataYou have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by DGT and you have the right to data portability. That means you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have about you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you.You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number (BSN) black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We respond as quickly as possible, but within four weeks, at your request.DGT also wishes to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the national supervisory authority, the Dutch Data Protection Authority. This can be done via the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/How we protect personal dataDGT takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you feel that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. DGT has taken the following measures to protect your personal data:DGT uses virus scanners, firewalls; in addition, we use authentications and permissions to shield data on our (internal) network. The backup is located in a closed room where only the Direct and System Administrator have access.Our website dgt.nl runs at SoHosted.nl which has included a reference on their website with regards to their privacy policy.Much attention and care has been devoted to compiling the content of this website. Despite our constant care that we devote to the composition of our website, it is possible that the information published on our website is incomplete or incorrect. This information is not legally binding.If our website shows errors or omissions, we will make every effort to correct it as soon as possible. We can’t  be held liable for direct or indirect damage resulting from the use of our website or the information provided to you through our website.
Featured Products
DGT Echo: the chess clock that speaks!
August 19, 2020 by Digital Game Technology
DGT proudly presents DGT Echo, a speaking chess clock for blind and visually impaired players. It is available from September 2020.
New! DGT Centaur Travel Bag
December 09, 2019 by Digital Game Technology
To take the DGT Centaur wherever you go, we made a special tailored travel bag.
Limited Edition Leather Bluetooth e-Board
October 24, 2018 by Digital Game Technology
DGT celebrated its 25th anniversary with a very special version of the wireless e-Board. Only 50 boards were made!
DGT1006 Backgammon Timer
September 25, 2018 by Digital Game Technology
The new DGT1006 Backgammon Timer has a special feature: the delay option!
DGT3000 Limited Edition
September 18, 2018 by Digital Game Technology
A special DGT3000 Limited Edition is released to celebrate DGT 25th year anniversary.
DGT1005 - Byo-yomi timer
December 13, 2017 by Digital Game Technology
New high quality timer with Japanese Byo-yomi timing options especially designed for the ancient games of Shogi and Go.
News flash
Centaur promotional video
October 15, 2020 by Digital Game Technology
Share this great Centaur video on your social media!
Next generation DGT e-Boards
October 06, 2020 by Digital Game Technology
After 20+ years we are saying goodbye to the old serial connections on our wooden tournament boards.
DGT Expansion Pack for 95mm pieces
August 20, 2020 by Digital Game Technology
For the non-electronic plastic pieces set with King height 95mm we can supply extra queens.
DGT & Chess.com connecting OTB and online chess
April 06, 2020 by Digital Game Technology
Online options to play, learn and enjoy chess just got better now that DGT boards and pieces can be used to make your moves on Chess.com.
DGT Smart Board has many applications and setups!
September 12, 2019 by Digital Game Technology
The DGT Smart Board is an electronic chess board with many functionalities.
Revolutionary Chess Computer: DGT Centaur
April 18, 2019 by Digital Game Technology
Adaptive intelligent chess computer DGT Centaur is available now!
DGT
As a leading electronics and digital company we develop innovative ideas into quality products and unique services.
We take play seriously and want to add fun, fairness and excitement to all games.
ADDRESS
DGT Hengelosestraat 667514 AJ  EnschedeThe NetherlandsTelephone: +31 (0) 53 4305195
Contact Us
Visit Us
Copyright © 2020 Digital Game Technology.
Follow us: