https://www.apogeerockets.com/index.php?main_page=privacy&pg=information
Due to major changes in the USPS, many US Postal Service shipments are taking much longer than estimated to arrive, including FIRST CLASS/PRIORITY (1-2 weeks), PARCEL ground (motor) shipments (3-4 weeks) and INTERNATIONAL shipments (1-3 months). They are also frequently not scanning the tracking along the way. Please allow extra time for all post office shipments, and contact the post office directly for any issues. Use UPS and FedEx for a higher chance of on time shipments.
Home >
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Apogee Components collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.ApogeeRockets.com/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Apogee Components.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for: their name, email address, date of birth, NAR certification number, mailing address, billing address, phone number, and credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about a User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. The User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Apogee Components collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or the User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Apogee Components has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Apogee Components
https://www.ApogeeRockets.com/
4960 Northpark Drive, Colorado Springs, CO 80918
719-535-9335
This document was last updated on May 29, 2018.
Talk to a Real Person!
Phone: 719-535-9335Fax: 719-534-9050Store Address: 4960 Northpark Drive
Colorado Springs, CO 80918Visit Us: Directions
Contact FormOnline Tech SupportCheck the bottom of your browser window to see if we're online to chat.Hours of Operation:
9:00am-4:45pm, M-F
Mountain Time Zone
Current Job Openings
Order Entry/Customer Service Representative
QuickStart Guides:
I'm new to Model Rocketry!How rockets work and what should you fly.I'm on or mentoring a TARC TeamTeam America Rocketry Challenge deals and supplies.I need info on Rocket Motors.Differences in motor types and brands.I want to fly bigger rockets!Setting up to fly rockets on E, F or G motors.I'm looking to get High Power Certified.Find out the process and our recommended kits.I want to get into Dual Deployment.See what it is, how it works and what you need.I want more info on RockSim Software!Trial version and tutorials for our simulation software.I'm a student or educator!Teaching resources.
Testimonials
All you need in one sourceTim puts a lot of time into helping to make your rocket project a success. From the on line tutorials and news letters to the full product line from...Read MoreSeasoned Rocketry Professionals!Apogee Components runs like a fine tuned machine, powered one thing LOVE OF ROCKETRY! Where else does the hold music play the Apollo Landings? Tim an...Read MoreIt’s the size of the toys that define the kid in us!I am just a big kid. Some year’s back, about 12, I bought a Big Daddy for my son over the holidays. A year later I built it myself and was hooked....Read MoreView All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Reviews
This is a great product. Excellent build quality. Only wish...I've used Quickburst igniters for years! They are the BEST!...They are centering rings, but they are definitely NOT the...I received the kit undamaged, have only built the...
We Also Sell
Please Select
AeroPack
Aerospace Specialty Products
AeroTech
Aggressor Aerospace Rocketry
Altaira Rocketry
Altus Metrum
Always Ready Rocketry
Apogee
Arc Ignition Technologies
Cesaroni
Cosmodrome Rocketry
Dino Chutes
Dori'z Adorables
Dr. Zooch Rocketry
Dynasoar Rocketry
Dynastar
Entacore
Estes
Fins and Fire Rocketry
Fruity Chutes
Generic
Glenmarc
Graphix & Stuff
J&H Aerospace
Jolly Logic
Klima
LOC Precision Rocketry
LumaDyne
Mach 1
Macklin
Madcow Rocketry
Missile Works
MJG Technologies
NewWay Rocketry
Noris Rocketry
North Coast Rocketry
Odd'l Rockets
Pemberton Technologies
Pratt Hobbies
Quest
QuickBurst
Red River Rocketry
Rocketarium
Rosenfield Aerospace
SC Precision
Semroc Astronautics
Shrockets by Apogee
Sirius Rocketry
Sky Rocketry
Spacemonkey Models
Sunward Group Ltd
Tinder Rocketry
Transolve
U.S. Rockets
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Receive our weekly Model Rocketry newsletter and video tips!
Sign me up!
About Us
Our Mission Statement: To provide a rewarding experience to any person wanting to further their growth in rocketry, by providing exciting products that teach, as well as showing how fun and safe the hobby can be. We also provide in-depth information about rockets, so that customers can make informed decisions about rocketry so they save money.
Read
More...
4960 Northpark Drive
Colorado Springs, CO 80918
Information
Shipping Info
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Account
Order History
Address Book
My Account
Change Password
Create Account
Contact Us
Call and talk to a real person!
719-535-9335
Fax Us:
719-534-9050
Email Us:
Contact Form
Connect With Us
Payment Options
Currency
USDEURGBPCADAUD
© 2019 Apogee Components, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Back to Top