https://www.tradewindsimports.com/privacy.html
Home
Tradewindsimports Privacy Policies
Privacy statement
This privacy statement describes how TradeWindsImports.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: http://www.TradeWindsImports.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. TradeWindsImports.com provides enhanced privacy and security features for users that are reviewed and approved for standard ecommerce security compliance.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Improve our Web site and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at 1-888-900-0477.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and you.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if TradeWindsImports.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information only when the order is placed.  IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to make sure customer did place the order and we use the address defined by IP address to filter fraudulent orders. We use Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. Some of our business partners (e.g., Google Analytics) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by our company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.  We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your shopping cart information, so you can have items in your shopping cart.  Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
Third Party Cookies
The use of cookies by our partners is not covered by our privacy statement.  We do not have access or control over these cookies.  Our partners use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at 1-888-900-0477.
Additional Policy Information
Our Web site includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
You can link to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook and Twitter. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to link between the sites. Services like Facebook and Twitter give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. Send to friend If you choose to use our referral service to send to friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address.  We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site.  TradeWindsImports.com does not store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [and tracking the success of our referral program].
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at 1-888-900-0477.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below:
TradeWinds Imports 2400 Industrial Lane, Suite 1150-A Broomfield, CO 80020
Email: info@TradeWindsImports.comTrade Winds Imports,260 S Pacific St. Suite 120-BSan Marcos, CA 92078
Phone:1-888-900-0477
Email:Contact Us
Call Hours (PST):Mon - Fri / 7:00AM - 7:00PMSat / 10:00AM - 5:00PMSun / 10:00AM - 4:00PM*Exclude CO
Helpful Links
Articles
Bathroom Vanity Blog
Bathroom Ideas
Customer Care
Why Buy From Us
Privacy Statement
Shipping & Tracking
Policies
FAQ
Be the First to KnowEnter your email address Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe
©Copyright 2019 by Trade Winds Imports. All Rights Reserved.