http://www.beanteacher.com/pages/privacypolicy.htm
Absolutely
Amazing Aloha Hawaiian Shirts, Bowling Shirts, Plus Size
Ranges, Retro & Vintage Clothing, Hawaii Theme Gifts, & Plush Toys!
Privacy
Policy
The Beanteacher.com
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Beanteacher.com,
owned and operated by Beanteacher Hawaiian Style.
Our Postal Address is:
Beanteacher Hawaiian Style
21143 Hawthorne Boulevard #303
Torrance, California 90503
USA
We can be reached via e-mail
at privacy@beanteacher.com.
For each visitor to our Web
page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name,
but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name
(but not the e-mail address) of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses
of those who complete online webforms, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate
with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of customers who purchase items from
us, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information
volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is
used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about
updates to our Web site, or used by us to contact customers for marketing
purposes.
With respect to cookies: We
use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add
to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive
e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the
above address or by writing to us at the above address.
From time to time, we may make our
customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products
or services we think you might find interesting. If
you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations,
please let us know by e-mailing us at the address provided above, writing
to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal
address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information
on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive
such mailings, please let us know by e-mailing us at the address provided
above or by writing to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your
exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list
we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their
telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with questions
or information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers:
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use
customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed
in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in
the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of
these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check
back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their
information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was
originally collected by e-mailing us at the number provided above or by writing
us at the above address.
With respect to security: When
we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial
information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you feel that this site is
not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above
addresses.
Beanteacher Hawaiian Style Home
| Products
| What's New |
Talk Story
Our Policy |
Privacy Policy
| About Us | Contact
Us | Site Map
Copyright
©
2000-2011 Beanteacher Hawaiian Style
All Rights Reserved Worldwide
The BeanTeacher.com Dolphin Logos, Artwork and Animations are the Property
of Beanteacher Hawaiian Style,
and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted,
or distributed in any way,
without the express written consent of Beanteacher Hawaiian Style.
Beanteacher Hawaiian Style
21143 Hawthorne Boulevard #303
Torrance, California 90503 USA
E-mail: webmaster@beanteacher.com