http://www.bobclark.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
We are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By placing an order on this website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
Information That We Collect From You
The only personal information we collect is name, street and email address, telephone number, and credit/debit card details. We use the personal information provided by you to process your orders. The personal information we collect is not used for any other purpose and is not shared for any reason other than to process payments or arrange deliveries/shipments. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways urelated to that stated herein.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put into place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from e-mails or letters you send to us.
Use of Your Information
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to all parts of our website and to supply the goods or services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning your orders. We may also use and analyze the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
Disclosure of Your Information
The information you provide to us may be accessed by or given to third parties who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy or for other purposes approved by you. Those parties process information, process credit/debit card payments and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our website to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide to us without your consent.
Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have indicated your objection when disclosing your details to us, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you log on to the site. Cookies make it easier for you to log into and use the site during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalize the content of the site for you. You may set up your computer to reject cookies by following the relevant instructions which can be found at www.aboutcookies.org. In that case, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the website and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed to bob@bobclark.com.
12350 N. MacArthur Blvd.
Oklahoma City
OK 73142
USA
Phone: +1 405-722-5017 (7:00am-6:30pm Central time US every day)