http://www.frenchsoaps.co.uk/pages/privacy
My Bag (0)
Login
| Register
Menu
Login
| Register
My Bag (0)
French Soap
»
Naturally Antibacterial Soaps
Classic French Soaps with Organic Argan Oil
Marseille Soaps with Shea Butter
Wall Mounted Rotating Soap
Liquid Marseille Body and Hand Wash
Traditional Savon de Marseille
Multibuys
Gift ideas
Men's
GIFTING
»
Gift ideas
Gifts for men
Stocking fillers
Men's Soap
Multibuy bundles
Candles and diffusers
Le Provendi Rotating Wall Soaps
GIFTS FOR MEN
»
Stocking fillers
»
FRENCH WALL SOAPS
»
NATURALLY ANTIBACTERIAL SOAPS
»
MULTIBUYS
»
NATURAL WASHING
»
Free From
»
Free from plastic
Free from SLSs
Free from Palm Oil
Free from EDTAs and colourings
Free From Mineral wax - Natural Wax Scented Candles
CANDLES AND DIFFUSERS
»
SPECIAL OFFERS
»
ALL OUR PRODUCTS
»
Home
»
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy and Cookies
FRENCHSOAPS PRIVACY POLICYAt Frenchsoaps we take the responsibility of protecting your data seriously, this policy provides you with details of how we collect and process your information. We will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure we are always in line with international regulations and best business practices. If any changes are made to this statement, we will notify you by updating our website. Please review it regularly.Our details are:Full name of legal entity: Salon du Savon Ltd trading as FrenchsoapsEmail address: enquiries@frenchsoaps.co.ukPostal address: Frenchsoaps, Unit 33, Claro Court Business Park, Claro Road, Harrogate, HG1 4BATelephone number: 07747 634892 or 07771 608220If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, please let us know so we can resolve it for you. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).It is important that information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at enquiries@frenchsoaps.co.ukBy providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.Types of information we collect
Contact information such as name, email address, shipping address, postcode, phone number
Demographic information such as your date of birth, gender
Account information such as your username and password (although we are not able to access your password)
Billing information such as credit card details (we are unable to access this), billing address,
When you access our services through Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Pinterest and other social media platforms, the information those platforms make available to us such as your name, picture/profile and email address
How we collect information
We may collect personal data from various sources including:
Directly from you (maybe at a Gift Fair, an Exhibition or event, a Coffee Morning or any other direct basis)
Through our website and mobile apps, including ordering our products and services, subscribing to our newsletter, entering competitions, prize draws or promotions and giving us feedback
Through automated technologies or interactions as you use our website and services. We may automatically collect data about your browsing actions and usage patterns by using cookies and other technologies. We may also receive data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies or via analytics providers such as Google
From social media and other public forums
From third party vendors and business partners such as PayPal, Shopify and other technical, payment and delivery services.
Collecting data via CookiesA cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive that records how you move around a website so that if you revisit that website it remembers you and can present tailored options based on your previous visit history. Cookies can be used to analyse web traffic and are used for advertising and marketing purposes. Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. If you choose to block or disable receiving cookies some features and functionality of our website and mobile apps may not function properly. For the functioning of our website and services we use a variety of cookies:
We use Essential cookies to allow you to log into a secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart and make use of e-billing services. Without these cookies the services on our website cannot be provided.
Analytics cookies - allow us to recognise and count visitors and see how visitors move around our website, this helps us to improve our site.
Functionality cookies record your visit to our site, the pages and products visited and whether or not a product has been purchased. The information collected is usually anonymised.
Sensitive DataWe do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.If you do not provide us with essential dataWhere we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.How we use your information
To set up and maintain any account you have created on our website or mobile app
Fulfill, manage and send you information about your orders
Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, suggestions and feedback
To allow you to leave reviews or post comments on our website or any other of our social media platforms
To allow you to recommend our products and company to others
To operate and improve our website and mobile apps and our products and services
To analyse all communications for effectiveness
To provide you with updates to our business, trading terms and other business policies
To comply with any legal obligations
To protect against any fraud and to be able to investigate any potential illegal activity such as misuse of our website, hacking etc
To communicate with you about our products and services (direct marketing) - see below
To offer promotions, special offers and competitions
To administer surveys and other market research, to conduct customer research
To tailor our products and services to you
Direct marketing and communicationYou can opt to share your information for direct marketing purposes on our websites. You can do this when creating an account, guest and account checkout and by subscribing for our newsletter. This is your choice and you can unsubscribe at any time. Marketing by us (Frenchsoaps)We want to bring you news of our latest products, our back in stock products and any special offers or events that we may be running. This will usually be in the form of email newsletters and product information/marketing. At the moment we do all our of email marketing ourselves, we may however appoint a third party to carry out this activity in the future. How we share your informationIn order to provide our goods and services we may have to share your information with the following partners and providers:
Our web store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Other ways in which your data may be shared:
Customer service and support providers
Shipping and fulfillment service providers
Payment processing providers
Partners with whom we jointly develop products or services
Survey and market research providers
Advertising partners
Analytics providers - We currently use Google Analytics
Technology providers, including ecommerce providers, email and web hosting providers, mobile apps and technology support providers
HMRC, regulators and other authorities based in the UK who require processing activities in certain circumstances
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.How long we keep your informationWe keep your information for as long as necessary for us to be able to fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When you place an order with us we retain your personal data you give us for at least seven years, so we can comply with own legal and contractual obligations.Website securityAll online purchases take place in a safe environment using the latest security technology to protect our customers. Credit card information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption to ensure your transactions with us are private and protected as they travel over the Internet. We do not store Credit Card/Payment details.More about Payment processing:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Shopify (the shopping cart that we use) is part of the EU-US Privacy Shield and as such is governed by the same regulations as GDPR
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
If you are not convinced about the safety of shopping online, please call us and we will happily take orders over the phone. International data transfersWe may transfer your personal data to countries other than the country in which you initially provided the information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. The countries to which we transfer personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information.
We may transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries that the European Commission has deemed to adequately safeguard personal information, in which case no additional safeguards are required in order to transfer this information. If we transfer your personal data to other countries, we will seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses, EU-US Privacy Shield, or with your consent to the transfer, unless we are permitted by law to transfer personal data without such formalities.
You may contact us for a copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal data.
Your rightsUnder certain circumstances you have rights under the data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the rights to:
Request access to your personal data
Request to delete your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
You can see more about these rights at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/personal-information/
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please email us at enquiries@frenchsoaps.co.uk Please note that:
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights)
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of request. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Featured products
PROVENDI Almond Milk Wall Rotating Soap - Chrome finish
This Almond Milk soap smells absolutely amazing, it is a moist...
£25.00
More details
NEW PROVENDI Verbena Wall Rotating Soap - Brushed steel finish
BACK IN FROM PROVENDI
As seen in James Martin's Home Comforts...
£25.00
More details
NEW PROVENDI Lemon Wall Rotating Soap - Chrome steel finish
BACK IN STOCK FROM PROVENDI
As seen in James Martin's Home Com...
£25.00
More details
Sign Up For Updates & Exclusive Offers
Delivery and Returns
Packaging: Recycled and biodegradable
Gift wrapping
Wholesale
Corporate Gifts
Wedding Favours
Le Blog
FREE FROM ranges
Savon de Marseille Soap
About Aleppo Soap
About Ingredients
French Candles
Fragrance Chart
Our Story
T&Cs
Privacy and Cookies
Contact Us
American Express
Mastercard
PayPal
Visa
Copyright © 2020 Frenchsoaps.