https://www.sanfranciscofudge.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy— Your privacy is critically important to us.San Francisco Fudge Factory is located at:San Francisco Fudge Factory6 Church Street Abbey GreenEngland01225 425714It is San Francisco Fudge Factory’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to http://woocommerce-339431-1362147.cloudwaysapps.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “http://woocommerce-339431-1362147.cloudwaysapps.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.– Website VisitorsLike most website operators, San Francisco Fudge Factory collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. San Francisco Fudge Factory’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how San Francisco Fudge Factory’s visitors use its website. From time to time, San Francisco Fudge Factory may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.San Francisco Fudge Factory also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://woocommerce-339431-1362147.cloudwaysapps.com blog posts. San Francisco Fudge Factory only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.– Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to San Francisco Fudge Factory’s websites choose to interact with San Francisco Fudge Factory in ways that require San Francisco Fudge Factory to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that San Francisco Fudge Factory gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://woocommerce-339431-1362147.cloudwaysapps.com to provide a username and email address.– SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.– AdvertisementsAds appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by San Francisco Fudge Factory and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.– Links To External SitesOur Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.– CookiesTo enrich and perfect your online experience, San Francisco Fudge Factory uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. San Francisco Fudge Factory uses cookies to help San Francisco Fudge Factory identify and track visitors, their usage of http://woocommerce-339431-1362147.cloudwaysapps.com, and their website access preferences. San Francisco Fudge Factory visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using San Francisco Fudge Factory’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of San Francisco Fudge Factory’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to San Francisco Fudge Factory’s use of cookies.– E-commerceThose who engage in transactions with San Francisco Fudge Factory – by purchasing San Francisco Fudge Factory’s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, San Francisco Fudge Factory collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with San Francisco Fudge Factory. San Francisco Fudge Factory does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, San Francisco Fudge Factory may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in San Francisco Fudge Factory’s sole discretion. San Francisco Fudge Factory encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
About us
The San Francisco Fudge Factory is a family run business based in the heart of Bath’s historic centre. We have been making handmade fudge every day since 1995. We only use fresh & natural ingredients, free from preservatives in our products. We welcome vistors to our shop from all over the world and we ship our fabulous fudge to the four corners of the Globe.
Get in Touch
(+44) 01225 425714
info@sanfranciscofudge.co.uk
6 Church StreetAbbey Green Bath, BA1 1NL
Monday - Sunday9:00am - 6:00pm
Useful Links
FAQs
Customer Services
Shipping Details
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Menu
FAQs
Customer Services
Shipping Details
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Twitter
Facebook-f
Youtube
Instagram
© 2020 San Francisco Fudge Factory
Paypal
Stripe
Cc-visa
Cc-mastercard
Built & Managed by Primary Pixels
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Scroll to Top