http://www.huggaplanet.com/policies/privacy-policy
Hugg-A-Planet: The World's Original Soft Toy ®
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Planets
Foundlings
#Bears4Cares
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy policy
Our postal address is
136 Jimmo Dr. Suite 4 Colchester, VT 05446
We can be reached via e-mail at hugearth@together.net or you can reach us by telephone at 802 891 6645
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. Our Web site is hosted by Shopify, for more information on this, visit www.shopify.com
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or by visiting us at Hugg-A-Planet registration page. You will need the username and password that you used to register to view or change this information online.
Consumers can have this information corrected by visiting us at Hugg-A-Planet registration page. You will need the username and password that you used to register.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.