http://www.tomatogrowers.com/privacy.asp
-Tomato Growers Supply Company
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
Shipping Information
|
Contact Us
|
Quick Order
|
View Cart
|
Request Catalog
Departments
New for 2020
Heirloom Varieties
Tomatoes
Peppers
Tomatillos
Eggplant
Cucumbers
Squash
Onions--NEW
Herbs--NEW
Lettuce
Broccoli--NEW
Potatoes--NEW
Pumpkins
Gourds--NEW
Kale
Books
T-Shirts & Aprons
Equipment & Supplies
Gift Certificates
Account Info
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Tomato Growers Supply Company.
Our postal address is
PO BOX 60015
FORT MYERS, FL 33906
We can be reached via e-mail at customerservice@tomatogrowers.com
or you can reach us by telephone at (888) 478-7333 or (239) 768-1119
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Company Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Shipping Information
Contact Us