http://www.maggiescrochet.com/pages/privacy-security-notice
Search
Afghans
Afghan Patterns with Toys
Baby Afghan Crochet Patterns
Every Day Afghan Patterns
Floral Afghan Crochet Patterns
Holiday Afghan Crochet Patterns
Kids & Baby Afghan Patterns
Quick & Easy Afghan Patterns
All Afghans
Baby Child
Baby Layette Patterns
Booties Gifts Toys
Christening Patterns
Costumes-Dress Up
Fashion Baby Toddler
T-shirt Dress Patterns
Crochet
Angel Crochet Patterns
Easy Beginner Crochet
Filet Crochet Patterns
Gifts to Crochet
Granny Squares
Maggie's Crochet Leaflets
Picture Intarsia Patterns
Pineapple Crochet Patterns
Ripple Stitch Patterns
Holiday
Valentine's Day
St. Patrick's Day
Easter Crochet Patterns
4th of July Crochet
Halloween Crochet
Thanksgiving Crochet
Christmas Crochet
Collections All Holidays
Snowman-Winter Patterns
Toys
18" Dolls American Girl
Animals-Amigurumi
Baby Doll Crochet Patterns
Barbie Crochet Patterns
Dolly & Me Crochet Patterns
Hooks & Books
Crochet Hooks
Leisure Arts Books
Crochet Out of Print Books
Home
Basket Crochet Patterns
Coaster Crochet Patterns
Dishcloth Patterns
Doily Crochet Patterns
Flower Crochet Patterns
Hot Pad Crochet Patterns
Kitchen Set Crochet Patterns
Pillows Crochet Patterns
Potholder Crochet Patterns
Vintage Home Patterns
Fashion
Crochet Fashion All
Cape & Coat Patterns
Poncho Crochet Patterns
Shawl Crochet Patterns
Sweater Crochet Patterns
Vintage Fashion Patterns
Cowl Crochet Patterns
Hat Scarf Beanie
Slipper Crochet Patterns
Purse - Bag Patterns
Scrubbie Net
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy & Security Notice
Privacy & Security Notice
Maggie Weldon Designs operates web sites which adhere to industry standards in helping to assure our customers' privacy. All information, including transactions, customer accounts, and all correspondence, are handled with discretion and care. The policies below apply to all of the web sites Maggie Weldon Designs owns and operates. By using our web sites, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Standards. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our web sites.
Personal Information Collected By Maggie Weldon DesignsWhen you make a purchase on our web site, we request you to provide financial information such as account or credit card numbers. We will use your financial information to bill you for products and services or otherwise process your transactions. By making a purchase on our web site, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction. Maggie Weldon Designs does not and will not ever share or sell your personal information with a third party company.
Your E-mail AddressIf you have provided your e-mail address to Maggie Weldon Designs, you will receive e-mails from us with information and offers from Maggie Weldon Designs. With every commercial e-mail, we will provide you with a link to opt-out from receiving future commercial e-mail. You can also opt-out of receiving future e-mail messages from us by e-mailing us. Opt-out requests are usually handled as soon as the request is made. However, it may take up to ten days to process an opt-out request. Please note that if you elect not to receive commercial e-mail messages from us, we will continue to send you transactional related e-mail, such as product recall information, or safety or security information, subscription information, membership details, account status, order confirmations, shipping confirmations, invoices and customer service related e-mail.
Your PhotosPlease note that by sharing photos with Maggie's Crochet on social media or email, you are agreeing to allow Maggie's Crochet to share the photo on our social media pages, blog, and/or community gallery. We want to celebrate your successes!
Offline Communications from Maggie Weldon DesignWhen you provide your name, address, and telephone number to Maggie Weldon Designs, we may use this information to contact you with correspondence and promotional offers from Maggie's Crochet. You always have the opportunity to choose to no longer receive these communications from us by writing a letter asking us to stop at:
PO Box 2227, Kernersville NC 27284
Security of Your InformationMaggie Weldon Designs values your privacy and the security of your information. We utilize firewalls, secure access storage facilities and other industry standards to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure online commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, to protect the privacy of your information as it travels over the Internet. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Changes to this NoticePlease note this Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time. Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page. Please check this page regularly. By using a Maggie Weldon Designs web site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice.