https://www.renewyouth.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Home > Privacy Policy
The privacy of visitors to Renew Youth is important to us.
We recognize that the privacy of your personal information is important. Here are details on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit our website, and how we safeguard your information. We will never sell your personal information to third parties.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill our contact forms. When contacting us through our online forms or through email, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number, or zip code. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How do we use your information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and needs.
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do use cookies to store information such as saving the information you have typed into a form upon refreshing your browser.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other’s rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 18 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 7/15/16.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at 800-859-7511.
Let’s find the New You. Get started today.
Free Consultation
Privacy Policy | Sitemap
Need help? 800-859-7511 Website Design in Los Angeles CA
The content of this website is for informational purposes only. It is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any medical condition, nor should it be used as a substitute for medical advice from a qualified physician. The information contained herein is presented in summary form only.
It should not be considered complete and should not be used in place of a visit, call, consultation or advice from a physician. Only a qualified physician can determine if you qualify for treatment.