https://www.theplasmacentre.com/privacy.php
Why buy from The Plasma Centre ?
FREE UK Mainland Delivery
Saturday Deliveries Available
Authorised UK Seller for all the top brands
28 Day Returns Policy
Dedicated UK Support Team
Showroom open to the public
If you can't find what you are looking for call us
08444 77 98 98
Cookie Usage
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
You can control cookies we use on our privacy and cookie page. Otherwise we'll assume you're OK to continue.
Some of the cookies we use are essential and our website cannot function correctly without them.
We also use some non-essential cookies to collect information in an anonymous form which help us to improve our site.
To control third party cookies you can also adjust your browser settings.
I'm fine with this
More InformationShow Less
The Plasma Centre | TV Stands, TV Wall Mount Brackets, Furniture & More
Contact Us
Basket
Account
My Account
Track Order
Contact Us
Login
Wish List
Search
We are still open online and delivering. See latest Coronavirus info here
Home
TV Stands & AV Racks
TV Stands
Luxury TV Stands
Speaker Stands
HiFi Stands
Table Top Stands
Stand Accessories
Trolley Stands
DVD / CD Racks
Wall Brackets
TV Wall Brackets
Equipment Support
Soundbar Brackets
Cable Trunking
Ceiling Mounts
Screen Cleaner
iPad Mounts
Projector Mounts
Furniture
Dining Room
Bedroom
Living Room
Office
Home Theatre
Bar Stools
Kids Furniture
Hallway
Bathroom
Occasional Tables
Mirrors
Garden
Soft Furnishings and Accessories
Furniture Ranges
Sound & Vision
Televisions
iPod Docks
Speakers
Home Cinema / DVD
Telescopes
DAB Radio
Headphones
Screen Cleaner
Camera Accessories
Leisure
Gadgets
Cameras
Turntables
Wireless Keyboards
Action Cameras
TV Remote Controls
Binoculars
Smart Accessories
Cables
Cables
Cable Trunking
Equipment Support
Screen Cleaner
Mains Block
For Business
Trolley Stands
Ceiling Mounts
Monitor Mounts
Digital Signage
Video Wall Mounts
TV Wall Brackets
Desks
Office Chairs
Meeting Sets
Cable Routing
Tub Chairs and Sofas
Visitor Chairs
Projectors
Desks & Office
Desks
Pedestals and Cabinets
Computer Accessories
PC Chairs
Desk Mounts
Homeware
Dustbags and Accessories
Dyson
Heaters
Murals
Bathroom Fixtures
Kitchen
White Goods Accessories
Clearance
** Sale **
Quick Links:
TV Stands & Units
Wall Brackets
Departments
TV Stands & AV Racks
Wall Brackets
Furniture
Sound & Vision
Cables
For Business
Desks & Office
Homeware
Clearance
Products By Brand
1Wall (89)
Airsprung (53)
Alphason (253)
Amani (41)
Apollo Hi-Fi (10)
Aspire Furniture (156)
Atacama (94)
Audio Pro (18)
AVF (321)
B-Tech (224)
Baumhaus (236)
BDI (54)
Besp-Oak (13)
Breasley (33)
Breville (2)
Centurion Supports (14)
Coloud (2)
Connect (3)
Core Products (138)
D-Line (2)
Disney (21)
Dorel (76)
Dreamhouse (13)
DSK (158)
Dyson (6)
Fancy Embroidery (69)
Flexson (12)
Frank Olsen (37)
Fresh n Rebel (29)
Gallery Direct (21)
Geneva (16)
Hama Products (68)
Iconic (1)
Joseph Furniture (1)
Jual (97)
Julian Bowen (78)
Just Racks by Spectral (7)
Just-Mounts by Spectral (5)
Konig (6)
Levv (1)
Lloytron (5)
Luxan (621)
Luxury (1)
Maja (52)
Mason and Bailey (86)
MDA Designs (73)
Meade (14)
Miele (2)
Mission (1)
MMT (1)
Morphy Richards (1)
Mount Massive (1)
Multibrackets (67)
Napoleon (32)
Nickelodeon (1)
Numatic (3)
Off-The-Wall (1)
Omnimount (18)
Optimum (37)
Premier Mounts (26)
Prima Viera Deluxe (45)
Provincial Home (12)
Proworks (3)
PS3 QED (3)
Q Acoustics (5)
QED (2)
Relyon (12)
Revero (36)
Revo (3)
Sanus (38)
Sareer Furniture (391)
Savisto (1)
Scansonic (1)
Selsey (17)
Shankar (6)
Sleeptime (37)
So Cute (6)
Soundcast (4)
Spectral (27)
Spirit of Air (78)
Stealth Mounts (33)
Stil Stand (10)
Swanglen (134)
Tannoy (19)
Teknik (17)
Thomson (21)
TNW (93)
Topstar (7)
TTAP (40)
Ultimate Mounts (38)
Ultimum (694)
Universal (5)
Urbanears (1)
ValuBrackets (11)
ValuConnect (34)
Value (3)
ValuFurniture (970)
VELD (15)
Vogels (97)
Walltastic (38)
Wellco (2)
Woood (6)
World Mounts (16)
Xavax (5)
Products By Range
Alphason Carbon
Alphason Chaplin
Alphason Chromium
Alphason Element
Alphason Finewoods
Alphason Francium
Alphason Spectrum
Aston Dining and Living
AVF Affinity
AVF Burghley
AVF Options
Banbury Bedroom
Baumhaus Coastal Chic
Baumhaus Kuba
Baumhaus Roscoe
Baumhaus The Nine Schools
Besp-Oak Rosa
Besp-Oak The Hamptons
Cameo
Como
Corona
Corona Carbon
Cotswold Bedroom
Hampton Dining and Living
Jual Bali Collection
Jual Bella
Jual Curve Grey
Jual Curve Walnut
Jual Florence
Jual Milan
Jual San Francisco
Jual Sorrento
La Roque Office and Living
Mason and Bailey Thunder
Mason and Bailey Tropic
Mobel Dining and Living
Off The Wall Cube
Options Bedside Cabinets
Provence Bedroom
Selsey TV Stands
Shiro Office and Living
TNW Burton
Ultimum Burden
Ultimum Dartmoor
Ultimum Grasmere
Ultimum Lomond
Ultimum Pennine
ValuFurniture Ludlow
Whitehaven
Bracket Finder
Stand Finder
Recommended
Alphason CRO2-1200CPT-BK Chromium Concept Black TV Stand with Speaker Mesh Front
RRP Price £279.99Offer £193.99
New Items
AVF Gallery FS1200GAPG Corner TV Stand 1200 up to 60 inch Pebble Grey Finish
£159.99
Top 10 Sellers
1SM-05BC2Sirius1200 ZIN552685/BKI3Ludlow TV Stand4SM-05CS5ZIN502610/BKI6UNIV-17Vision Curve Oak 10008Memphis TV Stand Oak9SM02-22F10SDC1140
97%
of reviewers recommend us
Independent reviews collected by:
Privacy & Cookies
The Plasma Centre Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers; this policy explains how we do this.
What is the information we collect?
To help us provide you with the best shopping experience we may collect, store and use the following kinds of information:
Information about your visits and activity on our website - including your IP address, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation.
Why do we need this information?
To help provide you with the most relevant products and to allow you to check you recently viewed items to make your shopping experience easier.
Personal information you provide to us for the purpose of purchasing a product including name, address, telephone numbers and email address.
Why do we need this information?
this information is vital to allow us to process and deliver your order. This information is shared with 3rd party suppliers such as Couriers as they also need this to deliver your order to you.
Payment information.
We need to take your credit or debit card information to allow us to process your payment.
The card details you provide are fully encrypted and are not known to us or anyone else.
We do not store any card details on our servers
We do not pass your payment information details on to anyone else.
Any other information that you may choose to send to us.
What do we use your information for?
Your data will be used for two broad purposes:
Marketing communications After 25th May 2018, in-line with new legislation, The Plasma Centre will only send marketing communications to customers who have expressly opted-in to receiving it.
Communications relating to your purchase The Plasma Centre reserves the right to hold personal data for contacting you with important information about your purchase(s). Namely, order and delivery confirmations, shipping and tracking information relating to your order, issues with the processing of card payments, or in the unlikely event of a product recall.
How long do we keep your information?
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.
Your right to opt-out of marketing communications
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email from us, by choosing to opt out within your account settings within 'My Account' or by calling us on 08444 779898. Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Use of third parties
There are some instances where data is shared with third parties for the essential purpose of fulfilling your order. For example, your address is shared with our courier companies for the purpose of delivering your order. However, we only share the information that is necessary for any given purpose. Your data will never be shared with or sold to third parties for marketing purposes.
Other individual rights
From the 25th May 2018 new data protection legislation will be introduced across the EU. You can read more about the rights this legislation gives to individuals on the website of the Information Commissioners Officer (ICO). The Plasma Centre take data protection laws seriously and have policies and procedures in place to ensure adherence to the law.
Cookies
We use cookies when you visit our site. There are four main types of cookies – here's how and why we use them.
Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as "Add to Basket" and "Save for Later".
Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience.
Customer preference cookies – when you are browsing or shopping on The Plasma Centre, these cookies will remember your preferences (such as sort order, display types etc), so we can make your shopping experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you.
Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We use cookies to help us identify and retarget users who have already taken an interest in our products both on our Site and on third party websites.
We also engage in online behavioural advertising to enhance your experience and show you products that might interest you. Like many companies, we and our advertising partners display tailored interest-based advertising using information you make available to us when you interact with our sites, content, or services. Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as searching or purchasing on the Site or the App, visiting sites that contain our content or ads, interacting with our tools, or using our payment services. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of advertising technologies like pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook's Custom Audience service.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Please read Google's privacy policy for further information.
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the "help" section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/. Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Your rights to access your personal information
You have a right to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. Please use the contact us page to advise us.
Keeping your information
We need to hold records of your transactions with us for legal and accounting purposes. No records of card details are ever stored by us or any of our suppliers.
You can request at any time to have all data about you removed. Please contact us if you wish to do so.
Information
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Shopping Basket
Customer Service
FAQ / Jargon Buster
28 Day Money Back Guarantee
Next Day Delivery
Customers Feedback
Site Services
Bracket Finder
Stand Finder
Bulb Finder
Login
My Account
Previously Viewed Products
Special Offers
Product Search
Support
Contact Us
Address
The Plasma Centre
440 Dukesway
Team Valley Trading Estate
Gateshead
Tyne & Wear
NE11 0PZ
Follow us on:
The Plasma Centre is operated by SDY Limited :: Registered in the UK #4859748 :: All content © The Plasma Centre