http://www.paviyarns.co.uk/cgi-bin/trolleyed_public.cgi?action=show_terms
Home
FAQ
What's New
Contact Us
How To Order
Shopping Bag
Checkout
Knitting Yarns
Anny Blatt
Araucania
Bouton d'Or
Cariad
Cascade
Crystal Palace
Cygnet
Debbie Bliss
Feza
Filatura di Crosa
Lane Borgosesia
Louet
Louisa Harding
Manos del Uruguay
Noro
Sirdar
Sublime
Trendsetter
Knitting Patterns
60 Quick Knits
KnitWit
Araucania Patterns
Bloomoon Creations
Bouton d'Or
Cascade Patterns
Chris Bylsma
Cygnet Patterns
Debbie Bliss
Feza Patterns
Filatura di Crosa
Interweave
Knit 1 Magazine
Knit Simple
Knitters Magazine
Laines du Nord
Knowknits/Go Knit Go Felt
Louet Patterns
Louisa Harding
Manos del Uruguay
Natural Dye Studio
Noni Patterns
Noro Patterns
Rowan Books
RYC Pattern Books
Sirdar
Stitch Diva Patterns
Sublime
Tilli Tomas
Tink Knit Patterns
Trendsetter
Twilleys Patterns
Vogue Knitting (Designer Knitting) Magazine
Yarn Forward
Knitting Needles
Addi
Brittany Birch
Clover
Knit Pro
Lantern Moon
Pavi Needles
Pony Needles
Buttons & Fasteners
Czech Glass Buttons
Buttons ~ Assorted
Rowan Buttons & Kilt Pins
Vogue Shell Buttons
Italian Collection
Knit Pro
German Collection
Shawl Pins & Scarf Pins
Retro Buttons
Silk Embroidered Button Badges
Cover Buttons
Accessories
Knitting Accessories
Bag Making
Stitch Markers
Beads
Craft, Felting & Weaving
Felting Kits
Felting Tools
Wool Tops
Yarn/Thread Packs
Designer Bags & Needle Cases
BB Designs
Susan Todd Designs
Pavi Yarns Sale
Artesano
Artesano Alpaca
Widows & Orphans
Cascade Yarns
Crochet Threads
Di.Ve' Yarns
Madil Yarns
Lana Grossa
Rowan
Knitting Needle Conversion Chart
XE.com PersonalCurrency Assistant
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
About Us
Pavi Yarns Limited is dedicated to providing you with a completely satisfying online shopping experience.
If you wish to offer any suggestions or comments regarding the website or perhaps have products you would like to see here, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Our Contact details are:
Pavi Yarns Limited . 42 Royal Oak Gardens . Alnwick . Northumberland . NE66 2DA . United Kingdom
Telephone: +44 (0)1665 606062
Email: info@paviyarns.com
Placing Your Order
We have tried to ensure that you find your experience shopping with us as easy as possible, whilst also providing you with high quality images to assess the products you are viewing.
You simply browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart.
When you have finished shopping, you then click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details to complete your order.
We accept payment by most major Credit and Debit Cards and British Bank cheques in GBP.
If you are shopping from North America or anywhere else, please place your order and your credit card company will convert the transaction to your own currency.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Switch, Electron.
You are welcome to send your credit card information via phone or snail mail.
We don’t recommend sending this information via email though.
When you receive confirmation of an order from us, it is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us.
We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an email to notify you that your order has been processed and despatched.
We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
We reserve the right to refuse an order if we are advised by our secure payment provider that
a transaction may be 'high risk' or possibly fraudulent.
Pavi Yarns' online store makes every effort to ensure that information provided is accurate. However we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. If a product offered by us is not as described your sole remedy is to return it in an unused resaleable condition.
Postage and Packing
When you reach the checkout area, you will be asked to select your country for shipping in order for the correct prices to be applied to your order.
You will find the postage and packing charges on the “How To Order” page of the website.
Please note that postage, packing and handling charges are subject to VAT (if payable) at the standard rate of 20%. This tax is imposed by Her Majesties Customs and Excise if any of the contents of the package are vatable.
Deliveries
We aim to process and deliver your order on the day of receipt.
Normally we will despatch your order to you within 48 hours after payment has been cleared.
All items purchased from Pavi Yarns Limited are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title of such items pass to the customer upon delivery to the Carrier.
Back Orders
On the rare occasion that your item is not in stock, we will back order for you.
For items that have been ordered in especially, you can expect a 7-10 delivery time.
VAT
All products are quoted in the store inclusive of UK VAT Tax. Customers purchasing from the UK or the EU will be charged VAT at 20%.
VAT is deducted at she shopping cart stage of your order for customers outside the EU (when Worldwide destination is selected).
Credit Card Security
When your order is placed via our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are processed by Worldpay Limited.
Your details are not held in clear text on any web site and we will have no record of your credit card details.
Contact
If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the ‘contact us’ page of the website. If you prefer, please don’t hesitate to telephone us on +44 (0)1665 606062 or write to us at Pavi Yarns Limited, 42 Royal Oak Gardens, Alnwick, Northumberland, NE66 2DA United Kingdom
Privacy
Pavi Yarns Limited will not disclose buyers' information to any third parties.
Returns
You have the right to cancel an order within seven days of purchase or within seven days of receipt of the goods (whichever is the longer). Should you wish to cancel your purchase within seven days, please contact us and we will issue you with a Returns Number. Providing unwanted goods are returned to us in unused, unopened and re-saleable condition within seven days of delivery, we will refund payment for the goods. Orders placed by credit or debit card from this web site will be refunded directly to your credit or debit card. Orders placed by other means will be refunded by cheque. These refunds will be made within 14 days of return of goods. We cannot accept liability for returned goods lost or damaged during transit. You are advised to wrap the product carefully to avoid damage. You are also advised to return goods by recorded delivery, registered post, or by courier. Proof of postage will not be accepted as proof of delivery. Please remember to give us your name and address, the Returns Number, and a copy of your purchase receipt. The cost of returning goods will be borne by you.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm.
Search:
Top Products
Pavi Knitting Needles ~ Ebony Art Deco
Special Offer on Ebony and Rosewood Pavi Needles ~ now £1.95 all available sizes
our price £1.95
Cascade 220 Antiqued Heather 9600
Free UK postage for orders +£20
our price £5.45
Cascade 220 Copper Heather 9696
New shades of Cascade 220 now available
our price £5.99
Interweave Knits Weekend 2011
All Interweave Publications now available at £1.00 each.
our price £1.00
CGB351-18
Stunning Czech Glass Button
our price £2.20
Crystal Palace Party Ribbon Nasturtiums 413
our price £4.50
Noni Bags ~ Cascading Fuschias Market Bag
our price £5.95
Vogue Knitting (Designer Knitting) Early Spring 2016
our price £3.50
Chiq Bead Kit ~ Lime
our price £2.99
Cascade Yarns ~ Di.Ve' Yarns ~
Scaletta 06 ~ Volcanic Blast
our price £1.95
Cascade 220 Summerdaze 5018
our price £4.45
* Email:
* Lists:
Newsletter Subscribers
* = Required Field
By signing up, you agree to receive marketing communications from Pavi Yarns. Your details will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and you can unsubscribe at any time.
© Pavi YarnsPavi Yarns LimitedRegistered in EnglandCompany reg number: 5762733
Pavi Yarns
FAQ
How To Order
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Contact Us