https://www.dodopad.com/shop/privacy-policy-cookies
Dodo Pad
Search:
Search
Dodo Towers Tour
Tour Guide
Grand Entrance (home)
Exterior
Grand Hall
Drawing Room
Kitchen
Library
Garden Room
Master Bedroom
Hedge Maze
Floor Plan
What is a Dodo Pad?
About the Dodo Pad
Search Inside or Compare Sizes
Stuff n' Nonsense
Lord Dodo's Origins
Captain Carstammers
Dodo Real Facts
Dodo Produce
Newly Hatched
Dodo Pad Shop
GIFT FINDER
Under £10
Under £20
Over £20
Wondrous Wives/Gorgeous Girlfriends
Marvellous Men
Cheeky Children
Testy Teenagers
In-Laws & Out-Laws
Agonising Aunts
Events of a Lifetime
Moving on...
Lord Dodo's Christmas Gift Emporium
SALE or fewer than 20 left
2021 Calendar Year Diaries/Calendars
2021 Dodo Pad diaries & calendars
DigiDodo - Usage & 'How-To' tutorials
2020/21 Mid-Year Diaries/Calendars
2020/21 Acad-Pad diaries & calendars
Filofax/other ring-bound organisers
Everyday / Non-Dated Stationery
Jotters, Notepads & Paper
Pencils, Pens, Pen Loops
Dodo Blank Books
Save the Day Stickers
eyePad Notebook
Perennial Planners
Perennial Wall Planner
Address & Visitor Books
Address Books: Bound & Looseleaf
Book of Visitors
Loose-leaf DodoPAX system
Organisers for House and Garden
Dodo Book of Garden Cuttings
Dodo Household Stuff Book
Dodo Book of the Big Move
Organisers for Celebrations
Christmas Planners & Organisers
Book of the Big Day
Book of the Big Bump
Personal Wellbeing Organiser
Dodo Book of Wellbeing
Pet & Pony Organisers
Dodo Book of the Precious Pet
Tally Ho Dodo!
Travel Essentials
Dodo Travel Log
SPECIAL OFFERS & BUNDLES
Charities we support
Privacy Policy & Use of Cookies
What the Papers say
Have Your Say
Visitors' book
Dodelighted
Contact Us
Keep Me Posted
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Shop Home
/
Privacy Policy & Use of Cookies
Privacy Policy & Use of Cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
We may use 'cookies' to making your viewing of the dodopad.com experience easier, but, it really wouldn't be decent or moral for us to share information with any outside party that would invade your right to anonymity. This has always been our policy, ever since we set up the business in its current form in 1997.
Dodo Pad Ltd. does not send unsolicited or "spam" email. Dodo Pad Ltd. uses email addresses collected for a number of opted-in email alerts and/or opted-in newsletters, which are used to communicate new information, special offers and new products to our customers. All customers are given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time.
Dodo Pad Ltd. does not sell or rent its email lists to third parties. It is against our policy to provide any customer information to any third party (aside from that required for the processing of an order) without the customer's prior permission.
Dodo Pad Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. Dated records of updates will be retained but you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What this Policy covers
The data controller is Dodo Pad Ltd (referred to in this policy as “we” or “us”). We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with registration no. Z5363897. You may request a PDF of our current certificate on request by emailing us.
We believe in complete transparency when it comes to how we use any personal data you provide us, so we’ve created this privacy and cookies policy to:
set out the types of personal data that we collect
explain how and why we collect and use your personal data
explain when and why we will share personal data with other organisations; and
explain the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data
This Policy applies to you if you use our services (referred to in this Policy as “our Services”). Using our Services means:
shopping with us over the phone, online or by post or otherwise using our website where this Policy is posted
This Policy also applies if you contact us or we contact you about our Services.
Our Website may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organisations.
We use Secure Trading and PayPal to take shopping cart payments. Each has its own Privacy Policy which you may read in full. You may read Secure Trading's full Privacy Policy here. PayPal All PayPal transactions are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy.  We employ all reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to maintain the security and confidentiality of any and all PayPal data and information, including data and information about PayPal users and PayPal. You may read PayPal's full Privacy Policy here.
Personal data we collect
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and date of birth and title
Your account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen
When you shop with us online or browse our Website we may collect:
Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Website
Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers)
When you contact us or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaires about our Services, we may collect:
Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media
Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our Retail Partners and public registers. For example, this other personal data helps us to:
review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; and
improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications.
How and why we use personal data
Make our Services available to you
Manage the accounts you hold with us
Process your orders and refunds
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer account/s, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy and help you with any orders and refunds you may ask for.
Manage and improve our day-to-day operations
Manage and improve our Website
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Website to improve your customer experience. Some cookies are necessary so you should not disable these if you want to be able to use all the features of our Website. You can disable other cookies but this may affect your customer experience.
Help to develop and improve our product range, services, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you
We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range, services and stores. This allows us to serve you better as a customer.
Detect and prevent fraud or other crime
It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services.
Personalise your experience
Use your online browsing behaviour as well as your online purchases to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalised offers and services.
Looking at your browsing behaviour and purchases allows us to personalise our offers and services for you. This helps us meet your needs as a customer.
Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by email, telephone and post), relating to our products and services. We may also measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications.
We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and services that better meet your needs as a customer. You can change your marketing choices, both when you register with us and at any time after that. We set out below your choices when it comes to cookies and how you can control your online behavioural preferences.
Contact and interact with you
Contact you about our Services, for example by phone, email or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications
Manage promotions and competitions you take part in, including those we run with our suppliers.
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage the promotions and competitions you choose to enter.
Invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by Dodo Pad Ltd. and by other organisations on our behalf.
We carry out market research to improve our Services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Website.
To help us to better understand you as a customer and to be able to provide you with services and marketing communications that are relevant to you.
Sharing personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers
When we share personal data with these companies we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Retail partners
Our Retail Partners are, for example, third-party fulfilment companies.
We only share personal data that enables our Retail Partners to provide their services. For example, when you buy a product that is delivered direct from the manufacturer we will give the relevant Retail Partner your name and contact details so that they can deliver your items.
Service Providers
We work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. These include, for example, companies that help us with technology services, storing and combining data, processing payments and delivering orders. We only share personal data that enables our Service Providers to provide their services.
Sharing personal data with other organisations
We may share personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:
if the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data;
if we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk);
to an organisation we sell or transfer (or enter into negotiations to sell or transfer) any of our business or any of our rights or obligations under any agreement we may have with you. If the transfer or sale goes ahead, the organisation receiving your personal data may use your personal data in the same way as us; or
to any other successors in title to our business.
How we protect personal data
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files to keep this data safe. We only authorise access to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.
We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
We enforce physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data. We may occasionally ask for proof of identity before we share your personal data with you.
We will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order.
However, whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer over the internet to us.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by companies operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our service providers. We will put in place appropriate protection to make sure your personal data remains adequately protected and are treated in line with this Policy.
We will send you relevant offers and news about our products and services in a number of ways including by email, but only if you have previously agreed to receive these marketing communications. When you register with us we will ask if you would like to receive marketing communications, and you can change your marketing choices online or in writing at any time.
We also like to hear your views to help us to improve our Services, so we may contact you for market research purposes. You always have the choice about whether to take part in our market research.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as tags and pixels (“Cookies”), to personalise and improve your customer experience as you use our Website.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are small data files that allow a website to collect and store a range of data on your desktop computer, laptop or mobile device. Cookies help us to provide important features and functionality on our Website and we use them to improve your customer experience. For example, we use Cookies to do the following:
Improve the way our Website works
Cookies allow us to improve the way our Website works so that we can personalise your experience and allow you to use many of their useful features. For example, we use Cookies so we can remember your preferences and the contents of your shopping basket when you return to our Website.
Improve the performance of our Website
Cookies can help us to understand how our Website is being used, for example, by telling us if you get an error messages as you browse. These Cookies collect data that is mostly aggregated and anonymous.
Measuring the effectiveness of our marketing communications
We use Cookies to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example by telling us if you have opened a marketing email that we have sent you.
Your choices when it comes to Cookies
You can use your browser settings to accept or reject new Cookies and to delete existing Cookies. You can also set your browser to notify you each time new Cookies are placed on your computer or other devices. You can find more detailed information about how you can manage Cookies at the All About Cookies and Your Online Choices websites.
If you choose to disable some or all Cookies, you may not be able to make full use of our website. For example, you may not be able to add items to your shopping basket, proceed to checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in.
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store:
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows the display of pages more quickly
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not
FRONTEND
Your session ID on the server
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends
STORE
The store view or language you have selected
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist
Your rights
You have the right to see the personal data we hold about you. This is called a Subject Access Request. If you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please write to:
Data Protection Officer | Dodo Pad Ltd. The Old Stables, Liskey Hill, Perranporth, Cornwall TR6 0BB
You may also email us at info [at] dodopad.com. Please include ‘Subject Access Request’ in the subject line of your email.
The law allows us to charge an administration fee of £10.00. If you email us we may contact you to take this payment via credit or debit card. If you write to us by post, please enclose a cheque or postal order for £10.00 made payable to "Dodo Pad Ltd".
We want to make sure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. If any of the details are incorrect, please let us know and we will amend them.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data please contact us by either:
Email info [at] dodopad.com or Post Dodo Pad Ltd. The Old Stables, Liskey Hill, Perranporth, Cornwall TR6 0BB
Policy updated May 2018, in line with the new General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) which came into effect on 25 May 2018.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Present Picker
Under £10
Under £20
Over £20
Wondrous Wives & Gorgeous Girlfriends
Marvellous Men
Cheeky Children
Testy Teenagers
In-Laws & Out-Laws
Agonising Aunts
Events of a Lifetime
Moving on...
Catalogue
Mid Year Diaries
Full Year Diaries
How to Order
Delivery
Terms of Sale
Dodelighted
Keep Me Posted
Charity
Contact Us
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Whether it's a 2020/21 mid-year academic or 2021 calendar year family diaries; a wall pad calendar, organiser, journal, planner or any humorous, quirky gift stationery you're after, there's a Dodo Pad diary or organiser from Lord Dodo for every occasion... or soon will be! Please peer inside to dodiscover more...Our standard UK shipping/handling charge is £3.95. Standard UK shipping is free when you spend over £50 and is expressed as a fixed discount in your shopping cart when you enter your postcode and promotion code FREESHIP. We use cookies. If you continue and do not change any settings, it will be assumed that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website. However, you may change your cookie settings at any time. You may read our complete Privacy and Cookies Policy here.© Dodo Pad Ltd.
Hosted
by UKNetWeb Ltd.