https://www.idtagsonline.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Categories
Traditional Medical ID Bracelets
Sport Medical Id Bracelets->
Paracord Medical ID Bracelets
Medical ID Dog Tags and Necklace->
Kids Medical ID Bracelets
Men's Medical ID Bracelets
Replacement ID Tags and Plates->
Make your own Medical bracelet
Specialty Bracelets
Travel and Personalized Bracelet
Accessories for Medical ID
DNR Medical Id Bracelets
All Products ...
New Products
Personalized and Customized ID Bracelet with wide chain.$39.99
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
We offer:
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
We never send any advertising, newsletter, coupons or any other information to our customers in any way.
We only respond to the questions asked by customers or may request to confirm a client's information if there is a suspission for a possible spelling error.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on idtagsonline.com website. On some pages, you may order products, make requests, and register to proceed with purchase. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
On some pages, you may submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift  and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's valid email address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name and Email Address
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We do not store any credit card information in our data base. Credit card transactions are processed through secure Paypal server which utilizes 128-bit encryption over SSL (Secure Socket Layering).
We utilize a verified Paypal account to do so.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under aqge 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under age 13.
How You May Access Or Correct Your Information:
You may access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking on "My Account" in the above menu. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email through our Contact Us page or info@idtags.com. We are always more than happy to help.
If you have any questions, always feel free to contact us.
Home
Bracelet Size
Testimonials
General Info
Submit Link
Links
Medical Conditions and Allergies
Affiliate program
Copyright © 2020
- 2020.
idtagsonline.com