http://www.lewisgifts.com/privacy_policy
Lewis Gifts Privacy Policy
Effective July, 7 2003
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about
the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point
where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Lewis Gifts website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests,
and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card numbers are not stored on our website
On some pages, you can submit information about other people.
For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address.
In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person.
Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by [description of the company access procedure]. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
View our Contact Us page. Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 318-868-6700 or send us an email at [maryjean at lewisgifts.com].
About Us
For over 75 years the Lewis family has been a part of Shreveport, Louisiana's retail community. Four generations have offered service to an expanding customer base, beginning at one neighborhood drugstore, complete with soda fountain, gifts, and sundries. The drugstore no longer exists but "gifts and sundries" have found a wonderful new showcase in the Lewis location at 5807 Youree Drive. With an old world look there's nothing old about the high style of our 10,000 square foot showroom. What's old and reliable is our commitment to our valued customers and our very personal service.
Contact Us
5807 Youree Drive
Shreveport, LA 71105
318-868-6700
1-844-995-3947
info@LewisGifts.com
Information
Sign Up for Newsletter
Gift Wrap
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
Latest Products
Bodrum > Skate Placemat (Antique Gold)
$27.00
Royal Crown Derby > Darley Abbey Pure Gold > Rim Soup
$72.00
Nachtmann > Noblesse > Ice Bucket
$75.00
Pampa Bay > Salerno > Square Serving Platter
$43.75
Royal Crown Derby > Arboretum Gold > Salad
$145.00
LSA > Mixologist Coupe Glass Set of Two
$46.00
Bodrum > Spruce Napkin (Antique Gold)
$22.00
Bodrum > Corte Napkin (Red)
$27.00
Chilewich > Bamboo Placemat (Oat)
$15.00
Bamboo Placemat (Oat)
$15.00
Copyright © 2013 Twin Engine Labs