http://www.thepashminastore.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Give Us a Call 1 (888) 874-2957
View Your Cart
Login / Register
Order Status
Help
100% Pashmina
100% Pashmina Wraps 3 Ply
100% Pashmina Wraps 2 Ply
100% Pashmina Shawls 3 Ply
100% Pashmina Shawls 2 Ply
100% Pashmina Scarves 3 Ply
100% Pashmina Ring Style Wraps
Pashmina/Silk Blends
Pashmina/Silk Blend Wraps
Pashmina/Silk Blend Shawls
Pashmina/Silk Blend Scarves
Basket Weave Pashminas
Water Pashminas
Men's, Baby & More
Men's Cashmere Scarves
Baby Blankets
Blankets and Throws
Knit Cashmere Socks, Gloves, Scarves & Hats
Designs and Prints
Animal Prints
Pashmina/Silk Blend Animal Print Wraps
Pashmina/Silk Blend Animal Print Shawls
Pashmina/Silk Blend Animal Print Scarves
Pure Cashmere Animal Prints
Fashion Designs
Specials
Wedding/Bridesmaid
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Return & Exchange PolicyOur special return & exchange policy is explained on the return/exchange policy page. In summary, you have 30 days to return an unused item for a refund of the product cost or exchange. Returned items must be received in brand new condition with all tags still attached and original packaging used. Please include a copy of the original shipping receipt along with a note indicating whether it is a return or an exchange (please write down the item you wish to receive in exchange) and send to the following address:The Pashmina Store16026 Harbour Light DrHouston, TX 77044You are responsible for all costs in returning the item(s) back to us. You may wish to insure the package as we cannot be held responsible for lost mail. All exchanges please include $5.00 for return shipping costs. If the item to be received in exchange is a higher-priced item, please include that difference as well. Please include your phone number if you wish to be contacted to charge any exchange fees to your credit card. Checks may be written to 'The Pashmina Store.' If the item received in exchange is lower-priced, we will issue a refund to the original method of payment. If all conditions are met for a return and/or exchange, there will be no restocking fees. Please note that gift service and shipping costs are non-refundable. Items sold with free shipping or Priority/Ground will be refunded the product cost less our total shipping expense. The original tags must still be attached to the item in order to return or exchange. Any item received that has the tags removed, or smells of smoke/perfume, or covered in hair, or otherwise obviously been used will either be returned to you at your expense or charged a 20% cleaning and restocking fee. No returns after 30 days can be accepted. All refunds will be applied to the original method of payment.  For example, if a credit card was used to make the purchase, the refund will be applied to that credit card.  If a check was used, a refund will be issued in check form.Shipping AddressThe customer is responsible for ensuring their shipping address is entered correctly when the order is placed. Any shipment returned to us as undeliverable or refused will be charged the actual cost of shipping charges. Priority/Ground is our choice of USPS Priority Mail or FedEx Ground. If FedEx expedited options are selected, such as FedEx 3 Day Select, please note that FedEx does not deliver to P.O. Boxes. ShippingShipping services are provided by third-party companies (USPS, UPS, FEDEX) and any and all guarantees are subject to their terms and policies.
CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of The Pashmina Store. The collective work includes works that are licensed to The Pashmina Store. Copyright 2004-2009, The Pashmina Store ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with The Pashmina Store or purchasing The Pashmina Store products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with The Pashmina Store or to purchase The Pashmina Store products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by The Pashmina Store. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of The Pashmina Store used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of The Pashmina Store
Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, The Pashmina Store disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The Pashmina Store does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Pashmina Store does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityThe Pashmina Store shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if The Pashmina Store has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a The Pashmina Store product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, The Pashmina Store reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. The Pashmina Store reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, The Pashmina Store shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by The Pashmina Store without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeThe Pashmina Store may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to The Pashmina Store.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Texas, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of The Pashmina Store products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Harris County, Texas. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of The Pashmina Store products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. The Pashmina Store's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. The Pashmina Store may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. All promotions, special offers or any and all events subject to time limitations will be according to the Houston, Texas time zone, that is central time.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a The Pashmina Store or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerThe Pashmina Store does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, The Pashmina Store is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, The Pashmina Store reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to The Pashmina Store in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless The Pashmina Store, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account or items purchased (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, The Pashmina Store may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with The Pashmina Store, The Pashmina Store has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of The Pashmina Store. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, The Pashmina Store seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).