https://www.sourpussclothing.com/privacy-policy
Our website uses cookies. By using our website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookies Policy.
Click here to learn about our cookie settings.
FREE SHIPPING on all domestic (USA) retail orders $100+!
LOG IN / SIGN UP
WHAT’S NEW
Shop What's New
Back In Stock
Holiday Shoppe
Unique Ornaments
Stuff Those Stockings!
Gifts Under $25
Shop Kustom Kreeps
Shop Sour+Plus
Shop Sourpuss
Gals
All Gals
Bottoms
All Bottoms
Capris
Jeans
Leggings
Pants
Shorts
Skirts
Dresses
Footwear
All Footwear
Boots
Creepers
Flats
Heels & Wedges
Sandals
Slippers
Sneakers
Jackets & Coats
Lingerie & Sleepwear
Rompers
Swimwear
Tops
All Tops
Cardigans
Graphic Tees
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Knit Tops
Long Sleeve
Shirts
Sweaters
Tanks & Camis
Vests
Guys
All Guys
Accessories
All Accessories
Bags
Belts
Hats
Socks
Ties
Wallets
Grooming
Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Jackets
Shirts
All Shirts
Button Downs
Polos
T-Shirts
Vests
Accessories
All Accessories
Bags & Purses
All Bags & Purses
Backpacks
Clutches
Crossbodies
Handbags
Hip Packs
Laptop Sleeves
Totes
Wallets & Coin Purses
Weekenders
Bandanas & Masks
Belts
Hair Accessories
Hats & Gloves
Jewelry
All Jewelry
Bracelets
Brooches
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Parasols & Fans
Patches & Studs
Pins
Scarves
Socks
Stockings
Sunglasses
Umbrellas
Homewares
All Homewares
Bathroom
Bedroom
Blankets
Candles
Decor
Holidays
Kitchen & Bar
Office
Pillows
Posters & Prints
Rugs
Lifestyle
All Lifestyle
Auto Accessories
Books
Cards & Gift Wrap
Gifts
Hair & Beauty Products
All Hair & Beauty Products
Hair Dye
Makeup Bags
Keychains
Kids
Pets
Stickers
Toys & Games
Workout
WHAT’S ON SALE
Brands
WHOLESALE
GIFT REGISTRY
Back
Find a Gift Registry
First Name
Last Name
OR
Registry ID
Search
Create a Gift Registry
View My Gift Registry
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 30 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Have can you contact Sourpuss with questions?
You can mail any questions to:
Sourpuss Clothing 5070 Central Hwy Unit A Pennsauken, NJ 08109 retail@sourpussclothing.com
Back To Top
Authentication
Sourpuss Clothing
5070 Central Hwy Unit A
Pennsauken,
NJ
08109
Phone: 856-742-0075