https://www.cleavageonline.com/privacy.html
Home
Products
Male Enhancement
How It Works
FAQ'S
Testimonials
Mail Order
Contact
Privacy Statement / Your Privacy
CLEAVAGEONLINE.COM has compiled this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site: CLEAVAGEONLINE.COM
Automatically Logged Information:
Our web server automatically detects each visitors IP, country of origin and web browser type.
Private Information We Collect:
A.) E-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and/or order products.
B.) Information volunteered by the consumer when an order is placed such as name, address, phone#, etc.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, notify consumers about updates to our website, price discounts, etc. The information we collect is ABSOLUTELY NOT shared with other organizations for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you supply us with your or a friend's email address, home address, phone#, etc., they will only be used for YOUR INTENDED PURPOSE ONLY.
Auto-Billing:
We know a lot of companies are conducting business such as ‘auto-billing’ and we do not think that is very ethical. If you order from us, you will never be on any type of auto-billing. We would never charge your credit card again and send more products without prior authorization. If you wanted to re-order you must return to our website, call us, or contact us by e-mail to place a re-order. If you would like to send us a special request to set you up with auto-billing, we will accommodate you. Please submit your request in writing via email, mail or fax.
Choice/Opt-Out:
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending a blank message with the word "Remove" in the subject area to:unsubscribe@cleavageonline.com
Data Quality/Access:
We provide registered members options to review, change or modify previously provided information maintained by us. This includes financial (e.g., credit card account), transaction (e.g. deposit history), and contact (e.g., name, address, phone number) information. Send your request to:info@cleavageonline.com
Security:
In order to prevent unauthorized access, as well as data accuracy maintenance, and correct information usage, we have set up suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on-line. All transactions are run through regularly maintained encrypted pathways. The site and the software utilize security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information.
Ad Servers:
We do not partner with or have any relationships with any ad server companies.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the site practices and your own dealings, or if you feel that we do not follow our stated privacy policy, please contact us at:info@cleavageonline.com
Join our newsletter for updates, discounts, promotions and more!
SUBMIT
We respect your privacy. We do not rent or sell your personal information to anyone EVER!
NATURAL BREAST ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Breast Implant Dangers
How Cleavage Works
BREAST ENHANCEMENT REVIEWS
Ingredients
Suggested Dosage
Breast Enhancement Pricing
NATURAL MALE ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
See All Products
How Male Enhancement Works
NATURAL LIP ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Lip Enhancement Ingredients
NATURAL BUTT ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Ingredients
How Butt Enhancement Works
CUSTOMER SUPPORT AND MISC
Contact Us
Testimonials
Your Privacy
Terms Of Service
Affiliate Program
Discreet Shipping
Home Page
Follow & Like Us
Twitter
FaceBook
©CleavageOnline.Com, All Rights Reserved
Our entire product line is manufactured and labeled in accordance with strict FDA guidelines and procedures.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. RESULTS MAY VARY.