https://www.thebeadstore.co.uk/privacy-policy
My Account
Wish List (0)
My Account
Shopping Cart
Register
Login
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping basket is empty!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Here at The Bead Store - www.thebeadstore.co.uk - we know that you care how information about you is used and shared.We appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information.The purpose of this data protection policy is to provide you with information concerning:1) the way in which we collect and process your personal data;2) the cookies which we place on your browser device.Information we collect about you.Information you provide when register an account with us or place an order: your name, shipping details, telephone number, email address. All of these details are needed to fulfil your order. We DON'T store your credit card details and password.We DON'T take payments over the phone, and we'll never call or email you asking to provide your password or credit card details.Automatic Information.We use cookies and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our website.What is 'cookies'.An http cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on a user's computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember stateful information (such as items added in the shopping cart in an online store) or to record the user's browsing activity (including clicking particular buttons, logging in, or recording which pages were visited in the past). They can also be used to remember pieces of information that the user previously entered into form fields (Wikpedia).Newsletter and marketing.In order to promote our business we send up to 4 Newsletters a week. If you wish to join our mailing list please fill in a form on our home page. You'll need to enter you name and email address. You won't be getting promotional emails from us if you don't sign up for our Newsletter! If you no longer want to receive our promotional emails, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on Unsubscribe button at the bottom of a Newsletter.Sharing details.We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) through the Global Iris secure payment system, which encrypts information you provide for purchasing of our products or services. We will never see your credit/debit card detailsWe appreciate your trust and we'll never share any of your personal information with any third party companies for marketing purposes.Questions and contact.If you require any help or have any further questions please contact us by email: info@thebeadstore.co.uk or via Contact Us page.
Copyright 2017 The Bead Store
| Designed By Pixelhaus
Categories
Big TierraCast Clearance ~ All HALF Price
Decoden and Nail Art
Fixed LOW Price
New Arrivals
50% Off Low Stock
Christmas Essentials
50p BARGAIN BOX
99p BARGAIN BOX
Buy One Get One FREE
Value Packs
Beads
Floating charms and lockets
TierraCast
Bead Store Mixes
Snap Buttons & Settings
Wholesale Offer ~ 35% Off TierraCast ~ coupon code WHTC35 (minimum spend £150 before VAT)
Wholesale Offer ~ 40% Off All ~ coupon code WHS40 (minimum spend £200 before VAT) ~ cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer
Bracelets & Bangles
Connectors and pendants
KITS & PROJECTS
Made in the UK
BOOKS
Cabochons & Settings
Chain
Charms
CHRISTMAS
Diamond Glaze & Adhesives
Findings
Gift Vouchers
Tools & Jewellery Bags
Settings (Brooches, Tiaras, Chokers, Bookmarks, Hair Clips, Bangles, Cuff Links, etc.)
Rose Gold Plated/Filled Items
Sterling Silver & Gold Filled Items
Stringing Materials
Temporary Tattoos
Ready to Wear Jewellery
What Do I Need to Start Making Jewellery?