http://www.ties.com/privacy-policy
Close
GIFT SHOP
NECKTIES
SKINNY TIES
NOVELTY TIES
Shop All Novelty Ties
Animal Ties
Art Ties
Beach & Nautical
Breast Cancer Awareness
Conversational Ties
Food & Drink Ties
Geek & Science Ties
Holiday Ties
Infectious Awareables®
Music Ties
Occupations
Patriotic Ties
Planes, Trains & Automobiles
Religious Ties
Sports Ties
EXTRA LONG TIES
BOYS TIES
BOW TIES
SOCKS
Men's Socks
Women's Socks
No-Show Socks
Sock Packs
His & Her's
SHIRTS
TIE BARS
TIE RACKS
POCKET SQUARES
MORE ACCESSORIES
Shop All Accessories
Belts
Cufflinks
Lapel Pins
Men's Scarves
Tie Racks & Storage
Wallets
WEDDING SHOP
GUAPBOX
ON SALE
NEW ARRIVALS
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Sign In
Returns
Help Center
1 (800) 289-2843
Contact Us
About Ties.com
Get $10
The Man Academy
How to Tie a Tie
How to Fold a Pocket Square
Our Blog
Testimonials
Become an Affiliate
25% Off Orders $50+ or 35% Off Orders $100+
Use Code: GIFTABLE
FREE SHIPPING IN THE USA*
Learn More
0
Account
Wishlist
GIFT SHOP
Holiday Gift Guide
Holiday Essentials
Gift Cards
NECKTIES
Shop All Neckties
New Arrivals
Best - Sellers
Final Sale
Shop By Color
Black Ties
Blue Ties
Brown Ties
Gold Ties
Gray Ties
Green Ties
Orange Ties
Pink Ties
Purple Ties
Red Ties
White Ties
Yellow Ties
Shop By Size
Standard Length Ties
Extra Long Ties
Boys Ties
Skinny Ties
Shop By Material
Cotton Ties
Knit Ties
Microfiber Ties
Polyester Ties
Seersucker Ties
Silk Ties
Shop By Pattern
Checkered Ties
Floral Ties
Paisley Ties
Plaid Ties
Polka Dot Ties
Solid Ties
Striped Ties
NEW FLORAL TIES
Shop Now
SKINNY TIES
Shop All Skinny Ties
New Arrivals
Final Sale
Shop By Color
Black Skinny Ties
Blue Skinny Ties
Brown Skinny Ties
Gold Skinny Ties
Gray Skinny Ties
Green Skinny Ties
Orange Skinny Ties
Pink Skinny Ties
Purple Skinny Ties
Red Skinny Ties
White Skinny Ties
Yellow Skinny Ties
Shop By Width
2.0" Skinny Ties
2.25" Skinny Ties
2.5" Skinny Ties
3.0" Skinny Ties
Shop By Material
Cotton Skinny Ties
Knit Skinny Ties
Microfiber Skinny Ties
Polyester Skinny Ties
Seersucker Skinny Ties
Silk Skinny Ties
Shop By Pattern
Checkered Skinny Ties
Floral Skinny Ties
Novelty Skinny Ties
Paisley Skinny Ties
Plaid Skinny Ties
Polka Dot Skinny Ties
Solid Skinny Ties
Striped Skinny Ties
BEST SELLERS
Shop Now
NOVELTY TIES
Shop All Novelty Ties
Best - Sellers
Shop By Color
Black Novelty Ties
Blue Novelty Ties
Brown Novelty Ties
Gold Novelty Ties
Gray Novelty Ties
Green Novelty Ties
Orange Novelty Ties
Pink Novelty Ties
Purple Novelty Ties
Red Novelty Ties
White Novelty Ties
Yellow Novelty Ties
Shop By Theme
Animal Ties
Art Ties
Beach & Nautical
Breast Cancer Awareness
Conversational Ties
Food & Drink Ties
Geek & Science Ties
Holiday Ties
Infectious Awareables®
Music Ties
Occupations
Patriotic Ties
Planes, Trains & Automobiles
Religious Ties
Sports Ties
Shop By Holiday
4th of July Ties
Christmas Ties
Easter Ties
Halloween Ties
Hanukkah Ties
Memorial Day Ties
St. Patrick's Ties
Thanksgiving Day Ties
Valentine's Day Ties
NEW ARRIVALS
Shop Now
BOW TIES
Shop All Bow Ties
New Arrivals
Best - Sellers
Final Sale
Shop By Color
Black Bow Ties
Blue Bow Ties
Brown Bow Ties
Gold Bow Ties
Gray Bow Ties
Green Bow Ties
Orange Bow Ties
Pink Bow Ties
Purple Bow Ties
Red Bow Ties
White Bow Ties
Yellow Bow Ties
Shop By Shape
Batwing Bow Ties
Butterfly Bow Ties
Diamond Tip Bow Ties
Skinny Bow Ties
Shop By Style
Pretied Bow Ties
Self-Tie Bow Ties
Boys Bow Ties
Cummerbund Sets
Shop By Material
Cotton Bow Ties
Microfiber Bow Ties
Polyester Bow Ties
Seersucker Bow Ties
Silk Bow Ties
NEW SELF-TIE BOW TIES
Shop Now
SOCKS
Shop All Socks
New Arrivals
Best - Sellers
Final Sale
Women's Socks
His & Hers Socks
Shop By Color
Black Socks
Blue Socks
Brown Socks
Gold Socks
Gray Socks
Green Socks
Orange Socks
Pink Socks
Purple Socks
Red Socks
White Socks
Yellow Socks
Shop By Style
Mid-Calf Socks
No-Show Socks
Sock Packs
Women's Socks
His & Hers Socks
Shop By Pattern
Argyle Socks
Floral Socks
Novelty Socks
Polka Dot Socks
Solid Socks
Striped Socks
Shop By Theme
Animal Socks
Artist Collaborations
Beach & Nautical Socks
Classic Patterned Socks
Food & Drink Socks
Geek & Science Socks
Hipster Socks
Holiday Socks
Patriotic Socks
NEW NOVELTY SOCKS
Shop Now
SHIRTS
Shop All Shirts
New Arrivals
Best - Sellers
Shirt Fit Guide
Shop By Color
Black Shirts
Blue Shirts
Brown Shirts
Gray Shirts
Green Shirts
Pink Shirts
Purple Shirts
Red Shirts
White Shirts
Yellow Shirts
Shop By Pattern
Checkered Shirts
Floral Shirts
Polka Dot Shirts
Solid Shirts
Other Patterns
3 SHIRTS FOR $100
Shop Now
POCKET SQUARES
Shop All Pocket Squares
Pocket Square Packs
Best - Sellers
Final Sale
Shop By Color
Black Pocket Squares
Blue Pocket Squares
Brown Pocket Squares
Gold Pocket Squares
Gray Pocket Squares
Green Pocket Squares
Orange Pocket Squares
Pink Pocket Squares
Purple Pocket Squares
Red Pocket Squares
White Pocket Squares
Yellow Pocket Squares
Shop By Pattern
Checkered Pocket Squares
Conversational Pocket Squares
Floral Pocket Squares
Novelty Pocket Squares
Paisley Pocket Squares
Plaid Pocket Squares
Polka Dot Pocket Squares
Solid Pocket Squares
Striped Pocket Squares
Other Patterns
Shop By Material
Cotton Pocket Squares
Linen Pocket Squares
Microfiber Pocket Squares
Polyester Pocket Squares
Silk Pocket Squares
NEW POCKET SQUARES
Shop Now
TIE BARS
Shop All Tie Bars
Best - Sellers
Shop By Color
Black
Gold
Gray
Shop By Width
1.0" Tie Bars
1.25" Tie Bars
1.5" Tie Bars
1.75" Tie Bars
2.0" Tie Bars
2.25" Tie Bars
2.5" Tie Bars
Shop By Pattern
Conversational
Solid
Other Patterns
SPRING TIE BARS
Shop Now
WALLETS
Handmade Wallets
Best - Sellers
Shop By Color
Black
Brown
LEATHER CARD WALLETS
Shop Now
LEATHER BI-FOLD WALLETS
Shop Now
SHOP ALL WALLETS
Shop Now
WEDDINGS
Shop All Weddings
Best - Sellers
Wedding Shop
Groomsmen Package
Wedding Blog
Shop By Color
Pink Wedding
Red Wedding
Purple Wedding
Blue Wedding
Green Wedding
Neutral Wedding
Gray Wedding
Dark Wedding
Floral Wedding
Shop By Theme
Vintage Wedding
Classic Wedding
Beach Wedding
Shop For Your Wedding
Socks
Neckties
Pocket Squares
Bow Ties
Lapel Pins
Groomsmen Package
View All
SHOP ALL WEDDING COLORS
Shop Now
SALE
MORE
Shop All Accessories
New Arrivals
Best - Sellers
Final Sale
Shop By Category
Belts
Cufflinks
Lapel Pins
Men's Scarves
Tie Racks & Storage
Wallets
Tie Bars
CUFFLINKS
Shop Now
LAPEL PINS
Shop Now
BELTS
Shop Now
Help
Shipping Calculator
Returns
Order Status / My Orders
Promo Codes
FAQ
Company
About Ties.com
Company Blog
Testimonials & Reviews
Wholesale
Gift Cards
Useful Links
How to Tie a Necktie
How to Fold a Pocket Square
Necktie Maintenance
Custom Neckwear
Affiliate Program
Gentlemanual
Legal
Photography Release Form
Terms of Promotions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Terms of Sale
Terms of Use
Contact Us
More Questions? Reach Out
Privacy Policy
At Ties.com we are committed to ensuring your privacy as a customer. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal
information to others. We are dedicated not only providing you, our customer, with the best possible shopping
experience, but also to ensuring your complete privacy.
Information we collect from you is used to process your
orders with us and provide for you the best possible shopping experience. By visiting our website, you are accepting
the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
Information We Collect
We collect information about you in several different ways depending on your interaction with the website. You
may use this website without submitting any information directly to us, but because we are an e-commerce platform
you will need to submit information to us in order to purchase our products. For example, when you place an order
with Ties.com we will need to know your full name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card
number, and credit card expiration date (“Order Information”) in order fulfill your order, including processing
payment and shipping, and to notify you of your order status. Here are some of the additional ways we collect your
data:
Creating An Account
When you create an account with us, we collect your first and last name, email address, and allow you to create a
password (“Account Information”). You are not required to create an account with us, but creating one allows you
to make your shopping experience more streamlined in the future. You can change your account information at any
time through the Account Dashboard.
Making a Purchase
As mentioned, when you make a purchase through Ties.com, we use your Order Information to fulfill your purchase
order and send you the product you purchased. If you choose not to set up an account, we still need your email to
send you a receipt of your purchase. We also use this information to help facilitate returns and disputes when
applicable. If you create an account with us, we also provide you with information about your transactions with us
through the Order History feature.
Payment Account Information
You have the option of storing payment account information in your Account Dashboard. If you choose to add a
card to your wallet, we store your payment card information (card number, security code, expiration date (“Payment
Information”) as well as your billing address and phone number so that you may easily access your payment card
information in the future. You can remove any payment card information from your Account Dashboard at any time.
Using the Search Feature
When you enter a term into the search bar, we process the information you entered for the purposes of responding to
your search requests. We do not retain your search history. We may associate your search requests with other
information about you in order to provide you better service or suggests products you may enjoy.
Signing Up For Our Newsletter
When you sign up for an account or enter your email address, you have the option to opt-in to receipt of marketing
and other communications from us in our Newsletter. If you agree to these marketing emails, we will use your name
and email address to send you promotions, updates, and other information about our us and our products.
Asking for Help
If you use our Help Center, you have the option of calling us or sending us a message. When we receive a call we
are exposed to the phone number from which you are calling. We do not store this information and associate it
with other information about you. We may also record the phone call for quality assurance purposes. When you
send us an email requesting help, we may collect your name, email address, and any information you choose to put
in the message. In order to help you, we may ask for more information including your name and address, your order
number, your billing information, etc. We use this information to help provide you with the requested help.
Becoming an Affiliate
We allow certain users to partner with us as part of our Affiliate Program. If you are interested in signing up for the
Affiliate Program, we collect your name and email address to begin the process. Our Affiliate Program is powered
by a third party, Conversant, which will collect any personal information you provide. You can learn more about
Conversant’s data collection and use practices from their privacy policy.
Refer Your Friends Program
When our users refer their friends, we collect the friends’ email addresses and use them to send them an email with a
promotional offer at Ties.com. We do not send any additional emails to friends unless they sign up to receive
marketing emails, make a purchase, or otherwise consent to receipt of additional emails. If you received an email
from us without having first visited our website, it is likely that your friend referred you through this program. You
can opt-out of the receipt of any future emails by contacting us at [email] or clicking on the unsubscribe link in the
email.
Sharing or Social Media
This website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling
those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party
websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to
read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
You can access various social networking posting and sharing tools through our Website that are operated by third
parties, including a “share” button that allows you to post links to content and features that you believe will be of
interest to others on your social network pages. When you visit a page that includes one of these sharing tools, the
third party company that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser, device, and online
activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy.
Surveys
We may request your participation in online or offline surveys via e-mail, telephone, postal mail, or web pages.
Surveys are strictly voluntary and your participation and/or answers do not prohibit or influence your use of our
website. Furthermore, if you do participate in a survey, you may decline to answer any question, and all answers are
held in strict confidence according to our privacy standards. Individually identifiable survey information is for the
use of Ties.com only. General, aggregate survey results may be shared with third parties. Information you may be
asked may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, income, age, gender,
marital status, type of business, product usage, schooling, and hobbies. Survey data is used to enhance Ties.com to
provide a better customer experience.
Changes in Our Data Collection
Because we may change our website and the products and services we offer from time to time, the means and
methods to provide us with personal data may also change. Depending on how you interact with us and use the
website, the personal data we collect may vary. We do our best to explain how we collect and use your personal
data, but if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us.
Information We Collect Automatically
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect “Technical Data” about your equipment, browsing
actions and patterns. We collect this Technical Data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Technical Data
may include you IP Address; device identifier data, the type of device you use, your operating system and version,
the URL’s of our web pages that you visit, the URL’s of referring and exiting pages, the pages you view, the time
spent on a page, the number of clicks made, the platform type, and generalized, non-specific location data.
When we collect data that does not identify you as a natural person, we are permitted to use and disclose this
information for any purpose, notwithstanding anything contrary in this Notice, except where prohibited by law.
Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
SMS Policy
By clicking SIGN UP NOW, you agree to receive marketing text messages from Ties.com (Wild Attire, Inc.) at the number provided, including messages sent by autodialer. Consent is not a condition of any purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies.
To stop receiving mobile marketing messages at any time, text STOP to 1 (251) 306-0869, or reply STOP to any message you receive from 1 (251) 306-0869. Ties.com may operate multiple mobile programs, as indicated by the phone number. Opting in or out of one mobile message program will not opt you in or out of other mobile message programs, or any other communications from Ties.com. Or, you may contact Ties.com Customer Relations at help@ties.com be removed from the program.
Analytics
We use various analytics tools, including Google and other third parties to track and analyze usage and browsing
patterns of our users. For information about Google Analytics’ information practices and related opt-out choices,
click here. Please see our Cookie Policy for additional details.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when allowed by law. Generally, we will use your personal data: (a) where we
need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you; (b) where it is necessary for
our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and (c) where we
need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Generally, uses include the following actions:
Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing
To set up an account.
Account Information
In furtherance of performance of a contract
with you (or anticipation of a contract)
Consent
To complete an order.
Order Information and
Account Information
Performance of a contract
Process payments.
Payment Information
Performance of a contract
Send you technical notices,
updates, security alerts and support
and administrative messages;
Name, email address, or
other contact information
(depending on preference.
Performance of a contract with you
Legitimate Interest in ensuring customer
satisfaction and providing relevant
information to clients.
To administer and protect our
business and this website (including
troubleshooting, data analysis,
testing, system maintenance,
support, reporting and hosting of
data)
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for
running our business, provision of
administration and IT services, network
security, to prevent fraud and in the
context of a business reorganization or
group restructuring exercise)
To provide you with information
and marketing communications
about our products and services.
Name, email address, or
other contact information
(depending on preference.
Consent
Legitimate Interests
To communicate with you about
products, services, offers,
promotions, rewards, and events
offered by and others.
Name, email address, or
other contact information
(depending on preference.
Consent
Process and deliver contest entries
and rewards.
Name, contact information,
and information provided
during contest
Consent
Performance of a Contract
To participate in surveys.
Name, email address,
telephone, mailing address,
IP address
Legitimate interest in improving the
customer experience.
Consent
Privacy Protection - How It's Done
The online shopping process at Ties.com is safe and secure. Whenever you are in the process of placing an order,
accessing personal information, or providing personal information we use a secure server. Powerful, industry-
standard SSL secure server software provides encryption for all information sent between your computer and ours.
Additionally, we protect our server and all customer data against unauthorized use physically or electronically.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Ties.com does not currently sell, trade, or rent your personal information to any third parties. We will not share
your personal information with a third-party except in limited circumstances, including:
When you allow us to share your personal information with a third party by opting-in to receiving
marketing communications or directing use to share your personal information with third party websites or
platforms, such as social networking sites.
When companies perform services on our behalf, including processing payment, delivering packages,
marketing and advertising, customer services, analytics, etc. These companies are prohibited from using
your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law.
We may share personal data when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and
other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Ties.com, our products and services, our
users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection and risk reduction.
We may share your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when
we have a good faith belief we're required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security
or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to respond to a court order, subpoena, search
warrant, or other law enforcement request.
If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, we may be required to share your information. If so,
you will be asked if you'd like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control.
Other than as set out above, we will provide you with notice and the opportunity to choose when your
personal data may be shared with other third parties.
Online Tracking Technologies and Advertising
We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity, or activity on
devices associated with you, on our websites and applications using tracking technologies such as cookies, Flash
cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons. Definitions for
some of the tracking technologies listed, as well as information about your choices with respect to them, are
available in our Cookie Policy. This tracking data may be used for many purposes including, for example, to:
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to our websites and applications (for
example, remembering your shipping information for future purchases);
Deliver relevant content and advertising based on your preferences, usage patterns and location;
Monitor, evaluate, and optimize the use and operation of our websites and applications; and
Analyze traffic on our websites and on the websites of third parties.
We may collect information whether or not you are logged in or registered, and may associate this tracking data with
your Account (if you have one), in which case we will treat it as personal information. Service providers that collect
tracking data on our behalf may provide an opportunity for you to choose not to be tracked online.
Advertisers and third parties also may collect information about your activity on our websites and applications, on
devices associated with you, and on third-party websites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data
collected by these advertisers and third parties is used to decide which ads you see both on our websites and
applications and on third-party websites and applications.
You may choose not to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners, data exchanges, and
marketing analytics and other digital advertising and marketing service providers. You may also be able to choose to
control targeted advertising on other websites and platforms that you visit. In addition, you may also choose to
control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and controls on your devices (for
example, by re-setting your mobile device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads).
EU Data Subjects Privacy Terms
EU data subjects have certain rights with respect to your personal data that we collect and process. We respond to all
requests we receive from individuals in the EEA wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with
applicable data protection laws.
Access, Correction or Deletion
You may request access to, correction of, or deletion of your personal
data. You can often go directly into the Service under Account Settings to take these actions. Please note
that even if you request for your personal data to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet
our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service.
Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in Section 7 “Data Retention”, above.
Objection
You may object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you
want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms.
You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your
information which override your rights and freedoms.
Restriction
You have the right to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following
scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but
you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you
need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we
need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Portability
You have the right to request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We
will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used,
machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially
provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw Consent
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, you can
withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data
conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection
and processing of your personal data. To file a request or take action on one of your rights, please contact us at the contact details provided. You will not
have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a
reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply
with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal
data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within
one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have
made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
International Data Transfers
Ties.com has its headquarters in the United States. Information we collect from you will be transmitted and
processed in the United States. Your personal data will be protected subject to this privacy policy and contracts that
impose data protections as required by the country where your data was collected. By using the website and our
services, you consent to the transfer, processing, storage and access of your personal data in and/or outside the
jurisdiction in which you reside. We collect and transfer to the U.S. personal data only with your consent, to perform
a contract with you, or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of ours in a manner that does not outweigh your
rights and freedoms. Courts and other authorities in the United States may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to
access your personal data. If your personal data is collected in the European Union, we will transfer your personal
data subject to suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only
consistent with your relationship with us and the practices described in this policy.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including
for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate
retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential
risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your
personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you)
for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further
notice to you.
Notifying You of Changes to the Use of Your Information
If at some point in the future there is a change to our information usage practices that affects your personal
information, we will post the relevant changes on our website. You should check this posted privacy statement
periodically for changes.
Contacting You
We will send you e-mail messages during the processing of your order to verify your order placement and to notify
you of its status. If there is a problem with your order, we may also contact you via e-mail, phone, or fax to notify
you of the problem and solution. We may also contact you via e-mail, postal mail, phone, or fax regarding questions
or comments you have regarding our website or our business. Surveys and post-sale satisfaction questions may also
be administered via e-mail, postal mail, phone, or fax to help us better serve our customers.
We also use your Personal Information (like your e-mail or postal address) to contact you with marketing and
promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you (some of which may be sent by a third
party service provider). If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us,
please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or if you do not want us to share
your Personal Information with these third party service providers, contact us at help@ties.com with "Privacy" as
the subject line of the e-mail.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain
information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To
make such a request, please contact us.
Contacting Us
You may contact us with any concerns you may have at 1 (800) 289-2843 or via e-mail at help@ties.com. You may
also send us correspondence via postal mail to the following address:
Ties.com Customer Service
10372 Stanford Ave, Suite P
Garden Grove, CA 92840
Summary
At Ties.com your privacy is one of our top priorities. We realize that your personal information is very important to
you, just as you are very important to us. It is necessary for us to collect certain private information from you in
order to make shopping at our website possible, however, we do not collect more information than is necessary nor
do we use that information in ways other than what it was given to us for and the uses posted above.
This Privacy Policy for Ties.com as stated herein is effective from June 01, 2020.
Sign Up for Exclusive Promos & Offers
JOIN
How to Tie a Tie
Read more from The Ties Academy >
Help
Help Center
Your Orders
Returns
Shipping Calculator
Become an Affiliate
Site Accessibility
Company
About Ties.com
Guapbox
Contact
Gift Card
Get $10
Quick Links
How to Tie a Tie
How to Fold a Pocket Square
Shirt Fit Guide
Our Blog
Giving Back
Ties.com News
Style Guru Society
Wedding Ties
Custom Ties
Wholesale
Style Guru Society
Wedding Ties
Custom Ties
Wholesale
Connect
Sign Up for Exclusive Promos & Offers
JOIN
© 2020 Ties.com
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Sitemap
Our Best Kept Secret
Get access to secret subscriber-only
discounts when you join our newsletter.
Thanks, but no thanks
Thanks, but no thanks