http://www.klm-huisjes.nl/privacy/
KLM Houses for sale / KLM huisjes te koop
Home
Miniatures
History
Exchange
Order
Links
Prices
Contact
Guestbook
Write message
See messages
Privacy Statement of KLM-Huisjes.nl
During the processing we conform to the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation. This means we:
clearly specify our purposes before we process personal data, by using this Privacy Statement;
limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data needed for legitimate purposes;
first ask for explicit permission to process your personal data in cases where your permission is required;
take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and we demand the same from parties who process personal data on our behalf;
respect your right to inspect, correct or delete your personal data held by us.
Sabine Beheer B.V. is the party responsible for all data processing. In this privacy statement, we will explain which personal data we collect and for which purposes. We recommend that you read it carefully.
Contact Form and Newsletter
You can use our contact form to ask questions or make any request.
For this purpose, we use your email address and name and address details.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until we are sure that you are satisfied with our response and six months thereafter. This way we can easily access the information in case you have any following questions and train our customer service to improve even more.
We have a newsletter to inform those interested of our products and/or services. Each newsletter contains a link with which to unsubscribe from our newsletter.Your e-mail address is added to the list of subscribers, only with your permission. We store this information until you cancel your subscription.
Handling your order
We will use your personal data when handling your order. We may share your data with the delivery service to have your order delivered. We may also obtain information on your payment from your bank or credit card company.
For this purpose, we use your phone number, email address, name and address details and ip address.The law requires us to do this. We store this information until your order has been completed and seven years thereafter (the legal retention period).
Registration
Certain features of our service require you to register beforehand. You will have to provide some information about yourself and choose a username and password for the account that we will set up for you.
For this purpose, we use your ip address, name and address details, email address and phone number.We need this data because of our agreement with you. We store this information until you close your account.
We will retain this data so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website, and in order to contact you in connection with the execution of the agreement, invoicing and payment, and to provide an overview of the products and services you have purchased from us.
Promotion
Other than the advertisements on the website, we can inform you about new products or services:
by e-mail (MailChimp)
via social media (Facebook)
You can object at all times against this promotional communication. Every e-mail contains a cancellation link. On social media, you can block us or use the cancellation option. You can also inform us through your account.
Publication
We will not publish your customer data.
Providing Data to Third Parties
Except for the parties mentioned above, wWe do not under any circumstance provide your personal data to other companies or organisations, unless we are required so by law (for example, when the police demands access to personal data in case of a suspected crime).
Our website features social media buttons. These buttons are used by the providers of these services to collect your personal data.
Statistics
We keep statistics on the use of our web shop
Cookies
Our web shop makes use of cookies. Cookies are small files in which we can store information, so that you do not have to fill that information again. We can also use them to see whether you are visiting us again.
The first time you visit our web shop, we will show you a notification explaining our cookies
You can disable the use of cookies through your browser setting, but some parts of our website may not work properly as a result of that.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track visitors on our website and to get reports about how visitors use the website. We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We don't allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services, and we anonymize the IP-adresses.
Security
We take security measures to reduce misuse of and unauthorised access to personal data.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you consult this statement on a regular basis, so that you remain informed of any changes.
Inspection and Modification of your Data
You can always contact us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or wish to review, modify or delete your personal data.
You have the following right:
Being informed on which personal data we have and what we are using it for;
Inspection of the personal data that we keep from you;
Having incorrect data corrected;
Request to delete outdated personal data;
Revoke your consent;
Object to certain uses.
Please note that you always make clear who you are, so that we can assure that we do not modify or remove the data from the wrong person.
Complaints
If you think that we are not helping you in the right way, you have the right to lodge a complaint at the authority. For The Netherlands, this is the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
Contact details
Sabine Beheer B.V.
Meander 183
1181 WN Amstelveen
info@klm-huisjes.nl
25 May 2018
© 2002 - 2020 Klm-huisjes, no part of KLM Nederland N.V.Privacy