https://www.fridgefilters.com/privacy-and-security.html
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, you agree to the privacy policy and our use of cookies.
Continue
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
FridgeFilters.com and services provided are owned and operated by US Water Filters Inc. located at 560 22nd Street Zumbrota, MN 55992. US Water Filters have adopted this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to inform you that it collects personal information when you use the Website and to explain how this personal information is used. US Water Filters has also adopted this Privacy Policy because it respects your privacy and believes that it should clearly and transparently disclose its privacy practices to the user. In general, we may collect and store "personal information" directly (for example, when you create a customer account) or indirectly (for example, when you visit our website) from you. Personal information is information that reveals your specific identity or directly relates to you as an individual.
US Water Filters respects your privacy and has designed its services to balance our interest in providing great products and customer services while collecting and sharing as little information as reasonably possible. Please read this policy carefully to better understand what information we collect and how it is used.
Your personal information is primarily used to fulfill your order and provide customer service. We use third party vendors, including Google, to show advertisements on sites on the Internet. We also use analytics data to inform and optimize these advertising campaigns, based on a user's prior visits to our website.
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. In addition, you can find information on opting out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page. Users may opt out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page.
We also may have reporting of users' interactions with our ads and of users' views of our ads across the Google Display Network in conjunction with activity on our site
US Water Filters, Inc. MAY CHANGE, MODIFY, AMEND, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, OR REPLACE THIS PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME AND WITHIN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. IN THE EVENT LEGAL ADVICE CHANGES, MODIFIES, AMENDS, OR REPLACES THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THE EFFECTIVE DATE, LOCATED ABOVE, WILL CHANGE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE AFTER A CHANGE IN THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY CONSTITUTES YOUR MANIFESTATION OF ASSENT TO THE CHANGE, MODIFICATION, AMENDMENT, OR REPLACEMENT CONTAINED WITHIN.1. US Water Filters may collect the following personal information from you:
Any information that you voluntarily submit to the Website;
First and last name;
Email address;
Phone number;
Country;
Business name, business website, business email address;
Payment information, including, without limitation, credit/debit card, merchant account, or other payment information; and
Other required account or other information to utilize the service.
2. US Water Filters may also collect the following personal information from you:
Your IP address;
Your geolocation;
Your use of the Website;
Information stored in cookies, pixel tags, or web beacons;
Analytic data from Google Analytics
Through a service which collects and displays location, email and rating information; and
Any other additional analytic data that you voluntarily submit to the Website
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve our services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please see section 11 on Cookies.
US Water Filters may collect this personal information from you through various channels, including, but not limited to, through your voluntary submission of information to the Website, through requests initiated by you through the Website, through communication with third parties, through the collection and analysis of information concerning your computer and browsing activities, through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, Google Analytics, and through other sources permitted by law. 3. US Water Filters uses this personal or personal information to:
Provide you with the Website, communicate with you, identify and fix problems with the Website, update you on changes to the Website, communicate with you concerning your purchase or account, to complete a transaction you initiated, and to update you on US Water Filters' services offered through the Website or the services of third parties.
US Water Filters uses your personal information to process orders for products and provide customer service, including processing credit card transactions through our e-commerce provider.
Some personal information is provided to us by third-party websites so that we can process your order and provide customer service.
Your email address will be used to send order confirmations, shipping confirmations, order status updates and product review invitations. Unless you explicitly opt-in during checkout you will not receive any emails regarding sales promotions, product updates or special offers. However, we may send you a reminder or update email concerning your product purchase, replacements and other information that we believe is valuable to you. If you opt-in to the SMS text program you agree to receive recurring automated and promotional text messages at the cell number used when signing up. Message and data rates may apply. We will provide you the ability to opt-out of further such communications for SMS text and email.
Posting reviews on our website may result in your review or reviews being displayed on all websites owned and operated by US Water Filters.
US Water Filters also operates other product sale websites with similar products and services. Personal information may be stored in a single database and used by US Water Filters consistent with this Privacy Policy across its website properties.
4. US Water Filters stores your personal or personal information in the following manner:
Your personal information collected through the US Water Filters controlled website is stored and processed on computers in the United States and, through your use of the Website, you unequivocally consent to the processing and storage of your personal information within the United States. You understand and agree that US Water Filters or a service provider such as our e-commerce provider may continue to store your information after you cease use of the service or disable your Account. However, US Water Filters does not itself store payment or user account information. Each e-commerce checkout for products purchased through a US Water Filters website requires you to enter your payment information.
US Water Filters uses commercially reasonable and standard technology to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of your personal information. Though it undertakes commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, no Website is completely safe. Accordingly, you provide all such personal information at your own risk.
US Water Filters uses vendors such as e-commerce providers who we believe also provide industry standard protection for your information.5. US Water Filters may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where US Water Filters has obtained your consent, where sharing or disclosure of your personal information is necessary to provide you with the Website and/or services associated therewith, where sharing or disclosure of your personal information is necessary to share information with US Water Filters' parents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, licensees, affiliates, or business partners, where US Water Filters has been purchased by a third party, where sharing or disclosure of your personal information is necessary to respond to requests by government authorities, where your personal information is demanded by a court order or subpoena, where sharing or disclosure of your personal information is needed to protect the employees, independent contractors, officers, directors, members, users, or shareholders of US Water Filters, and where sharing or disclosure of your personal information is needed to help prevent against fraud or the violation of any applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, or treaty. You understand and agree that US Water Filters may specifically share your information with mobile service providers, search engine providers, payment processors, web merchants, and online retailers in order to complete the services offered through the Website.
Nothing in this section requires US Water Filters to collect information that would allow US Water Filters to identify, disclose or otherwise share personal information related to emails sent by its Members through use of the Website.6. Purchase or sale of the Website or other assets:
US Water Filters may purchase other businesses or sell components of its business, including, but not limited to, the Website. In the event US Water Filters purchases another business or sells any component of its business, your personal information will continue to be used consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.7. You may stop US Water Filters from collecting your personal information by:
Adjusting your web browser settings, limiting cookies or other tracking techniques, deleting your Account, or by ceasing your use of the Website. You may contact US Water Filters with any requests regarding your information, but US Water Filters reserves the right to act or not act upon such requests. US Water Filters makes no representation that it will be able to collect or provide any information.8. When using the Website, you are obligated to:
Protect the security of your own personal information.9. California Residents
Effective on January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. If you reside in California, you may exercise the following rights.
A right to disclosure of the categories of personal information collected by us
A right to disclosure of the specific pieces of personal information collected by us
A right to deletion of personal information by us (subject to certain Exceptions outlined below)
A right to receive personal information in a format that will allow its transfer to third parties by you
A right to opt-out of the "sale" of personal information, where a "sale" under the CCPA means "selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration." We do not sell your personal information.
A right to sue for security breaches of personal information
Access to specific information and data portability rights
You have the right to request that we disclose to you your personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months from the day of your request. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business and commercial purposes for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we shared that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
If we "sold" or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, up to two separate lists disclosing:
if we "sold" your personal information, "sales", identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient "purchased"; and
if we disclosed your personal information, disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion request rights
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain Exceptions (as listed below). Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete your personal information from our records unless an Exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Provider(s):
to complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
to debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
to exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
to comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
to engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement if you previously provided informed consent;
to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
to comply with a legal obligation; or
to make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it (each an "Exception" and collectively, "Exceptions").
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may still offer you certain financial incentives that can result in different prices, rates or service quality levels as permitted by the CCPA. We do not at this time provide such financial incentives.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise your rights described above, please submit a request to us by either:
support@fridgefilters.com
1-800-683-8353
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
You may only make a request for access or data portability once within a 12-month period. The request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Making a request does not require you to create an account with us. Also, we will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Your Authorized Agent
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm that we received your request within ten (10) days and will respond within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response electronically or, at your option, by mail.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.10. Children's Online Privacy Protection Policy
The Websites are not intended for or directed to users under the age of 18, and US Water Filters does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 13 or other minors. Where appropriate, US Water Filters takes reasonable measures to determine that users are adults of legal age and to inform minors not to submit such information to the Website or in response to advertisements. If you are concerned that personal information may have been inadvertently provided to or collected by US Water Filters, please contact us immediately so appropriate steps may be taken to remove such information from US Water Filters' database.
11. We use cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively, "cookies") to recognize your browser or device, learn more about your interests, and provide you with essential features and services and for additional purposes, including:
Recognizing you when you sign-in to use our services. This allows us to provide you with product recommendations, display personalized content, recognize you as a member, and provide other customized features and services.
Keeping track of items stored in your shopping basket.
Conducting research and diagnostics to improve our content, products, and services.
Preventing fraudulent activity.
Improving security.
Delivering content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our sites and third-party sites.
This allows us to measure and analyze the performance of our services.
US Water Filters’ cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our essential features. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to sign in.
Approved third parties may also set cookies when you interact with US Water Filter services. Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services on behalf of US Water Filters.
You can manage browser cookies through your browser settings. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to block cookies, and when cookies will expire. If you block all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some features and services may not work.12. Contact and Notices
All questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy may be submitted to:
FridgeFilters.com c / o US Water Filters, Inc.
560 22nd Street
Zumbrota, MN 55992
Email: support@fridgefilters.com
Find your Filter at FridgeFilters.com
Refrigerator Filter BrandsTier1 Refrigerator Water FiltersTier1 Plus Refrigerator Water FiltersEveryDrop Refrigerator Water FiltersWhirlpool Refrigerator Water FiltersJenn-Air Refrigerator Water FiltersMaytag Refrigerator Water FiltersKenmore Refrigerator Water FiltersKitchenAid Refrigerator Water FiltersAmana Refrigerator Water FiltersFrigidaire Refrigerator Water FiltersGE Refrigerator Water FiltersSamsung Refrigerator Water FiltersLG Refrigerator Water FiltersWater FiltersInline Water Filtration Systems & Replacement PartsUndersink Water Filters & Filtration SystemsUndersink Water Filtration SystemsUndersink Water Filter Replacement CartridgesReverse Osmosis Water Filters & MembranesReverse Osmosis Water FiltersReverse Osmosis MembranesWhole House Water Filters & Filtration SystemsWhole House Water Filtration SystemsWhole House Water Filter Replacement CartridgesWater Filtration System Parts & AccessoriesCommercial Grade Water FiltersWater Test KitsCamping, RV, and Travel FiltersAir FiltersRefrigerator Air FiltersFurnace Air FiltersAir Filters: 4-inch Size3M Filtrete Air Purifiers & Replacement FiltersKitchen and Bathroom FiltersWater Filter Pitchers & DispensersFaucet Water Filtration Systems & Replacement PartsShower Filter Systems & Replacement CartridgesHousehold Cleaners
Refrigerator FiltersTier1 Refrigerator FiltersTier1 Plus Refrigerator FiltersEveryDrop Refrigerator FiltersWhirlpool Refrigerator FiltersJennAir Refrigerator FiltersMaytag Refrigerator FiltersKenmore Refrigerator FiltersKitchenAid Refrigerator FiltersAmana Refrigerator FiltersFrigidaire Refrigerator FiltersGE Refrigerator FiltersSamsung Refrigerator FiltersLG Refrigerator FiltersSee All BrandsWater FiltersInline Water FiltersUndersink Water Filters & SystemsReverse Osmosis FiltrationWhole House Water Filters & SystemsCommercial Grade FiltrationWater Test KitsCamping, RV & Travel FiltersAir FiltersRefrigerator Air Filters1" Furnace Air Filters4" Furnace Air FiltersAir Purifiers Filters & SystemsKitchen & Bathroom FiltersWater Filter Pitchers & DispensersWater Faucet Filters & SystemsShower Filters & SystemsHousehold Cleaners