https://www.sedwickcoins.com/privacypolicy.htm
Home
Information
About Us
Services
Schedule
Privacy Policy
Online Store
Browse
our Inventory
How to
Order
Mailing
List
Auctions
Current
Auction
Consign Now
Auction
Archives
Join
our Mailing List
Education
Articles
Shipwreck Histories
The Practical
Book of Cobs
Modern Pirates
Contact Us
Terms and Policy
Website and online store: During the course of business with us you may
be asked for personal information (name, address, phone number, email address,
etc.) and credit-card information. Please be assured that we do not share this
information with anyone without your approval. Credit-card information
specifically is not retained from one transaction from another (so please don't
ask us to "use the same card from last time"), and we do not share, rent or sell
email lists or any other mailing lists. All of your orders and bids are handled
by us personally and are not processed automatically except through our own,
private database.
All customer information is protected by Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,
15 U.S.C., Section 6801 through 6810, and the Federal Trade Commission's
Regulation P, 16 C.F.R. Part 313, with regard to the unauthorized distribution
of Customer’s Non-Public Information (NPI) to third parties for any purpose
other than its intended use. Whereas, by use of this site, customer acknowledges
that any information submitted through this site may be utilized by recipient
for its intended purpose. By browsing this site, you acknowledge that you have
carefully read and understand Legal Disclaimer present on this site.
Statistics website data: This type of data refers to information on the
use of the website. We track and analyze non-personal data to evaluate the use
of our website. This type of data might include, visited URLs, browser type or
IP addresses. Most of the non-personal data are gathered by cookies or other
analysis technologies like Google Analytics.
Mailing list information:
Our mailing list is generated from incoming emails, so if you make a purchase
from our website either by email, phone, fax or in person or register in one of
our auctions or consult us in any way, you might  be added to our mailing
list. Our news emails are sent to you to keep you informed about our upcoming
sales, and to give you new information and updates about our services, events
and products that may be of interest to you.
If you
do NOT wish to receive email communications from us,
please let us know after EACH new communication from
you or simply look at the bottom of our email for a
Safe Unsubscribe link.
Daniel Frank Sedwick, LLC Legal Disclaimer and Disclaimer of Liability
User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold owner and all affiliates, content and
service providers, authors, distributors and sales associates harmless from any
liability, loss, claim and expense, including attorney’s fees and expenses,
related to a user’s violation of this agreement or use of the website.
The service and content from or through this site are provided "as-is" and all
warranties, express or implied, are disclaimed, including but not limited to the
disclaimer of any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose. The information herein may contain bugs, errors or omissions
in the content contained on this site.
All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by computer viruses
contained within the actual website files or through linked files is disclaimed.
The Service is intended for adults age 18 and over. It is not intended for or
designed to attract persons under the age of 18. We do not permit registration
by, nor do we collect personally identifiable information from, any person we
actually know to be under the age of 18. We believe that children should get
their parents' consent before giving out personal information. If you are
concerned about your child's use of we encourage you to use Web filtering
technology to supervise your child's access to the site.
Copyright Notice: The contents of this site including all images,
graphics, photos, lists, compilations, articles and text are Copyright © Daniel
Frank Sedwick, LLC. Any form (commercial or non-commercial) reproduction,
duplication, copy, redistribution, publication, or other use by any means in any
form, intact or modified, is prohibited unless pursuant to a written permission
by the Daniel Frank Sedwick, LLC.
Auction platform: Daniel
Frank Sedwick, LLC is a licensed Florida auctioneer with license #s AU3635,
AB2592 Our online auctions are hosted by iCollector.com and we run them under
our secure sub-domain
www.auction.sedwickcoins.com
or directly at
www.icollector.com/sedwick. In order to protect
the security of your information during transmission we use Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) software, which encrypts information you input when you register or bid.
For more information about privacy policy and our auctions, please refer to
iCollector's website following this
link.
Terms
and conditions regarding our auctions: terms
might be updated each sale, to read the last updated
auction terms and condition
click here.
(Last update 04/01/18)
Daniel Frank Sedwick, LLC
P.O. BOX 1964 | Winter Park, Florida 32790
Phone: 407.975.3325  |  Fax: 407.975.3327
We welcome your order,
want lists, comments, material for sale or consignment and suggestions.
Please send email to:
office@sedwickcoins.com