https://www.humangivens.com/publications/help/delivery/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Publications / Useful information / Delivery information
Delivery information
Our delivery costs are based on the total weight of the items you order and your delivery location. Packages over 2kg will be dispatched in separate packages. For bulk orders, or orders over 10kg, please contact our office on 0 44 (0)1323 811690 to discuss your order and delivery costs.
Delivery options
United Kingdom
Items ordered before 2pm (Mon–Fri) will be dispatched the same day via Royal Mail. Depending on the size of your order, your item(s) may be sent in separate parcels. You can choose between 1st or 2nd class postage.
1st Class postage – approx 1–2 working days
2nd Class postage  – approx 3–5 working days
Royal Mail delivers to UK mainland addresses: Monday to Saturday, excluding public holidays.
International
Europe (excluding UK)
Estimated delivery time: 7–8 working days from dispatch. All overseas orders are sent by airmail.
Includes: Albania, Andorra, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Kazakhstan, Kosovo, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia (FYROM), Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, San Marino, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine.
Worldwide
Any areas outside of Europe and the UK. Estimated delivery time: 7–10 working days from dispatch. All overseas orders are sent by airmail.
VAT
The prices payable for goods are as set out in the website, inclusive of VAT where appropriate. Customers ordering for delivery outside of the UK will be responsible for payment of any local taxes payable including VAT, and will be required to pay extra for delivery and clearance where necessary.
Customs Charges
If you are ordering goods for delivery outside of the UK, please note that your consignment may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the goods reach the country of destination. Any such charges levied in relation to customs clearance must be paid by you. It is accepted by you that Human Givens Publishing Ltd and Human Givens Services Ltd have no control over additional charges in relation to customs clearance. You will be the importer of record and responsible for any import VAT and duty that needs to be paid. In addition, any charges for import clearance will be paid by you, the customer.
You may like
Human Givens
The new approach to emotional health and clear thinking:  the seminal book about the human givens approach, it contains a rich body of psychological knowledge that will strike a chord with any lively mind...
£14.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 10 customer ratings
View product
Why we dream: the definitive answer
With real-life stories, dream examples and case histories. Includes why dreaming and daydreaming are crucial to human development, and why stories and metaphors have universal appeal.
Special Offer
£11.99 £8.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 1 customer rating
View product
Subscribe today
Journal subscription
Keep up-to-date with developments by subscribing to the liveliest, most thought-provoking, peer-reviewed magazine about psychology, human behaviour and mental health... it's pure content - no Ads!
£38.00
View product
View all products
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.