http://www.alaskanessences.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
About
About us
About our essences
How to use our essences
How to use our sprays
Space Clearing
Selecting Essences
How to select flower essences
Start with easy to use formulas
Keywords & Symptoms
Store
Combination Formulas
Flower Essences
Gem Elixirs
Environmental Essences
Sprays
Essence kits
Flower Energy Cards
Space Clearing Supplies
Animal Lover's Kit
Publications
Webinars
Supplies / Glassware
Holiday Specials
News & Education
Announcements
Education
Practitioner Training
Blogs & newsletters
Animals
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY (as of May 31, 2018)
At Alaskan Essences, Inc. we care about your privacy and believe in transparency. That’s why we are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices. We only collect personal information necessary to deliver our services and inform you about our products. We handle all information carefully and sensibly. We do not share any of your personal information with any marketing or solicitation firms.
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION? We collect, store and use the information you provide for the following reasons: a) to fulfill your order; b) marketing; c) to answer your questions; d) to manage practitioner and wholesale accounts.
1.a) When you purchase something from our online store or order by phone or email, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, business name, address, phone number and email address. 1.b) Marketing: we send you electronic newsletters about monthly specials, new products and education. We won’t spam you and we limit the number of emails per month to two or three. We do not send text messages to your phone nor do we call you with offers. Before May 31, 2018 you receive our newsletter because you either signed up for it, or have purchased our products. After May 31, 2018, we will keep sending you our newsletter if you are on our list, but you can always opt-out. New customers that purchase through our online store will only receive our newsletter when they give explicit consent for that during the check-out procedure or when they sign-up for the newsletter.1.c) When you email us with any questions or concerns, we keep the content of the conversation in order to improve our product quality, education and customer service. We will not automatically send you newsletters once we get your email address.
1.d) When you apply for a practitioner or wholesale account we use that information to review and approve or deny your application. Once your application is approved we use your information to fulfill orders and be of service to you. In case your application is not approved, your information will not be added to our databases.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, fill in an application or arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. At anytime, if you want to withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, please email inquire @ alaskanessences.com or send mail to:Alaskan Essences Inc - PO Box 1090 - Victor, MT 59875 - United States If you no longer want to receive our newsletter, please use the opt-out option at the bottom of the newsletter.SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so (in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legitimate governmental request) or if you violate our Terms of Service. We don’t share your information with any other companies or organizations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
You may always ask what information we hold about you and ask us not to use any of the information we collect. You can also request us to delete your information. We will fulfill your requests.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY Our online store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify's data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. Payment: When you complete your purchase in our online store, Shopify acts as a direct payment gateway and Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify's Terms of Service and Privacy Statement
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. For shipping purposes, your name, business name, address, email address and phone number may by shared with the business responsible for transporting your order to you. Examples include but are not limited to: United States Postal Service, Fed Ex, United Parcel Service and DHL Express. If we are shipping your order out of the United States, your information may be shared with government organizations, primarily customs in the United States and the destination country.
When you place an order by phone, your payment is processed by Authorize.net, who is the payment transaction processor. They have their own privacy policy in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. We recommend that you read their privacy policy so you can understand the manner in which they will handle your personal information. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store's website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website's Terms of Service.
Links: When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. SECTION 6 - SECURITY To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with an AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
When you place an order by phone and provide your credit card information personally to us, that data is deleted (paper shredder) as soon as the payment is processed. Please, never send us your credit card information by email.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web browser on your computer, mobile or other handheld device, while you are browsing a website. Our Site uses cookies to identify you. Cookies can store your account identifier, ordering status, or website tracking. They can also be used for technical purposes such as keeping track of your current shopping session and enabling you to proceed to checkout and pay for your according order or to save information which has already been entered (languages choices, and your region).
Here is a list of cookies that are used to improve your online experience. Session_id, is a unique token, sessional, allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). Secure_session_id, unique token, sessional. Shopify_visit, no data is held, persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, used by our website provider's internal stats tracker to record the number of visits. Shopify_uniq, no data is held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. Cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, stores information about the contents of your cart. Storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite if the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer's internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or country of residence, OR that you are the age of majority in your state or country of residence AND you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make relevant changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us by email inquire @ alaskanessences.com or send mail to:Alaskan Essences Inc - PO Box 1090 - Victor, MT 59875 - United States  Or call: +1 406-642-3670 (International) or 800-545-9309 (U.S. & Canada)
Join Our Mailing List
By clicking “SUBSCRIBE,” I agree to receiving marketing and promotional materials from Alaskan Essences. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.