http://www.schotten.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more
Allow Cookies
The wishlist name can't be left blank
Privacy Policy
COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
This site is owned and operated by Manfred Schotten Antiques. Your privacy on the Internet is of the
utmost importance to us. At Manfred Schotten Antiques we want to make your experience online satisfying
and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully
understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement
discloses what information we gather and how we use it. Definition of the Information Manfred Schotten Antiques gathers and keeps track of. Manfred Schotten Antiques gathers two types
of information about users: и Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions.
These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums,
to email a friend, and from participation in polls and surveys: и Information that Manfred Schotten Antiques gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout
our site. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and
sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Under no circumstances does Manfred Schotten Antiques divulge any information about an individual user to a third party. Manfred Schotten Antiques Gathers User Information In The Following Processes: Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by
users:
1.а Electronic Newsletters/Mailshots (Dispatches). We will offer a free electronic newsletter/mailshot to users. Manfred Schotten Antiques gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove
themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter/mailshot that points users to the
subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
2.а "Email this to a friend" Service. Our site users can choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents
to someone else by clicking "email this to a friend". The user must provide their email address, as well as that of
the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient
know who sent the email. The information is not used for any other purpose.
CHILDREN
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly
request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain
Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have
specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply
yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Manfred Schotten Antiques	uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to
better track ad impressions and click rates.You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If
you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in
message boards, forums, polling and surveys.
USE OF INFORMATION
Manfred Schotten Antiques uses any information voluntarily given by our users to use information that
users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters/mailshot.
We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter/mailshot), and
occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are
doing.а Manfred Schotten Antiques never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties,
including advertisers, sponsors or partners. When we use tracking information to determine which areas of
our site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but
rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search
terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms a
particular user enters. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply
with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or
valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
OPT-OUT POLICY
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include: иа Opting not to register to receive
our electronic newsletters/mailshots. иа Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely
alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Manfred Schotten Antiques. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware
of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.