https://www.armarkat.com/privacy-policy
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
Cart 0
Search
Reset Search
×
Main Menu
About Us
Cat Care
Feedback
Understanding Feline Behavior
Warranty
Blog
Contact Us
F.A.Q
Privacy Policy
Shop By Category
Classic Cat Trees
All Classic Cat Trees
Extra Small Cat Trees (under 30")
Small Cat Trees (31" to 45")
Medium Cat Trees (46" to 69")
Large Cat Trees (70" to 76")
Extra Large Cat Trees (over 76")
Faux Fur Cat Trees
Faux Fleece Cat Trees
Kitten Scratchers
Kitten Trees
New Arrival
Wall Series
Premium Cat Trees
All Premium Cat Trees
small under 45"
medium 46" to 69"
large 70" to 76"
extra large over 76"
Cat Beds
Pet Carriers & Playpens
Dog Beds & Mats
All Dog Beds & Mats
Pet Mats
Extra Small Armarkat Dog Beds & Mats
Small Armarkat Dog Beds & Mats
Medium Armarkat Dog Beds & Mats
Large Armarkat Dog Beds & Mats
Extra Large Armarkat Dog Beds & Mats
Accessories & Parts
All Accessories & Parts
Parts for Classic Cat Trees
Parts for Premium Cat Trees
Pet Bed Covers
Pet Toys
Clearance
Shop By Brand
Armarkat
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Armarkat.com is committed to protecting your privacy. The information we collect is used only used to process orders and to provide support to you.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we request your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process, track and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order’s status.
How do we protect customer information?
We use a secure server for collecting personal and credit card information. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the internet to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We do not use cookies to collect or store any information about visitors or customers.
Will we disclose the information collected to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may release account information only when we believe, in good faith, that such release is necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves, our users, or others.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by armarkat.com. If at any time we change this privacy policy, we will post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Please note: When posting comments on this website, you give implicit consent that they may be used for promotional purposes by armarkat.com
In Summary
Armarkat.com is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at armarkat.com as simple as possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to this Privacy Policy, please email us at webmaster@armarkat.com
×
Quick Links
About Us
Cat Care
Feedback
Understanding Feline Behavior
Warranty
Blog
Contact Us
F.A.Q
Privacy Policy
Recent Blog Posts
The Truth about the Cat’s Meowwwww…
Have a Happy Thanksgiving to our Cats!
How to Choose the Right Cat Tree for Both Yourself and Your Feline…
The Truth about Tail Wagging in Cats…
We Accept
©
Armarkat Online Store
| Sitemap