http://www.hdhwine.com/policies
Retail
Wine Search
Advanced Search
User Tips:
These search tools are to be used to narrow your search results. The "Advanced Search" tool provides additional search options, including classifications, growers and appellations (once a category is selected). When ready to begin a new search, use the "clear all" button to remove previous selections. Use the "save this search" function, when logged in, to save your searches for later use.
In-stock Only
Vintage
Category
Red Bordeaux (434)
Red Burgundy (391)
White Burgundy (186)
Italian Red (132)
Champagne (70)
[+] more
White Bordeaux (36)
Red Rhône (29)
California Cabernet Sauvignon & Meritage (26)
French Other (21)
German (16)
Madeira (13)
Red Loire (10)
White Loire (9)
White Rhône (9)
California Pinot Noir (8)
California Chardonnay (7)
Alsace (5)
Sweet Bordeaux (5)
California Sparkling (4)
Chile (3)
Argentina (2)
Austrian (2)
California Other White (2)
California Syrah (2)
Spanish Red (2)
Tokaji (2)
California Other Red (1)
Italian Rosé (1)
Italian White (1)
New Zealand White (1)
[-] less
BOTTLE SIZE
375ml (5)
500ml (5)
750ml (1184)
1.5L (154)
3L d-mag (50)
[+] more
3L jero (3)
6L imp (29)
[-] less
RATING
PRICE RANGE
$50 and below (157)
$50-$100 (349)
$100-$150 (189)
$150-$200 (88)
$200-$500 (307)
$500 and above (340)
New Arrivals
Discounted Wines
Retail Login | Register
| SHOPPING CART (0)
SHOPPING CART (0)
Shop Online
Retail Wine Search
Featured Offers
2019 Bordeaux Futures
Auction
BID NOW:Dec. 18 & 19, 2020
Current Auction Details
Online Catalog
Auction Calendar
Past Auctions
Sell
Selling Your Wine
Events
HDH Events
About HDH
About HDH
Staff
Press
Our Cellar
Wine Conditions & Our Inspection Process
Collection & Shipping Policies
Home >
Tools > Policies
Policies
Retail Conditions of Sale
Auction Policies
Privacy
Security
Retail Conditions of Sale
Acceptance of These Retail Conditions of Sale
Your acceptance of these Conditions of Sale will be required for orders placed on our website, www.hdhwine.com
each time you place an order, however this acceptance is made via a
simple checkbox during checkout. By accepting these Retail Conditions of
Sale, you are accepting them for the duration of your buying
relationship with Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. (HDH) which will allow you to
make other retail purchases over the phone or through email should you
choose to. We will notify you of changes to our Retail Conditions of
Sale as they may occur in the future. We appreciate your business and
thank you for taking time to read and understand this document.
Purchasing and Shipping Wine Legally
Any wine sold to you by HDH is sold in Illinois, and title passes to you, the buyer, in Illinois at the time of sale. Many states and the District of Columbia have enacted laws that regulate inbound shipments of wine and other alcoholic beverages purchased in another state. Such shipments may be a crime unless a permit or license is obtained. Many laws and statutes make exception for wine purchased for personal consumption.
Since these laws may affect your purchase of wines from HDH, we urge you to investigate the laws in your state regarding this subject before shipping or arranging to ship any wine purchased from us. Buyers (not HDH) are the owners and shippers of all wine purchased in Illinois from HDH. As your agent, we will be pleased to choose a licensed common carrier on your behalf, with various levels of service typically available, however, HDH always recommends collecting your purchases at HDH. Should a buyer choose to ship their purchase, they are responsible and bear all risk, including selecting a carrier, providing delivery instructions, and paying any applicable taxes, duties, and tariffs.
Insurance
Insurance will be provided for all shipments arranged by and billed to
HDH. This insurance will solely cover breakage or loss from time of
purchase to time of delivery.
Neither Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. nor its agents assume responsibility
for any deterioration resulting from shipment, which includes, but is
not limited to: scuffed labels, cracked wax capsules or minor seepage.
The insurance provided by HDH will only cover shipments billed to
HDH. Wines being shipped on Purchaser’s or agents of Purchaser’s
accounts will only be covered by HDH’s insurance policy until they leave
the HDH warehouse, not while in transit. Due to the fragile nature
of vintage wine, HDH strongly recommends that Purchasers arrange for
collection from HDH. All shipments arranged by HDH are made on the
buyer’s behalf.
Wines must be inspected by the Purchaser upon receipt and any loss or
breakage must be noted on the Shipper’s documents at the time of
delivery. If HDH is not notified of any breakage or loss claims within
24 hours of delivery, the claim will not be honored.
If the buyer or an agent of the buyer will not be able to receive and
inspect the shipment upon delivery, the shipment should be scheduled
for another date. If the loss or breakage is not noted on the Shipper’s
documents and if HDH is not notified of a claim of loss or breakage
within 24 hours of delivery, the claim will not be honored.
Should this insurance coverage not be desired, a written waiver of
insurance and any subsequent claims must be received prior to the
shipment of the wines. Without insurance, loss or damage due to any
cause will be at the Purchaser’s risk.
Returns and Cancellations
Returns and order cancellations are not accepted, except in cases of
shipping or inventory errors on the part of HDH Wine Co., in which
case, issue-specific resolutions will be created and applied.
Age Verification
Buyers must warrant that he/she are at least 21 years of age, and that
the wines will be received by someone that is at least 21 years of age.
By placing an order with Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. through our website,
over the phone or in person, you certify under penalty of perjury that
you and the recipient are at least 21 years old. Upon delivery, the
recipient will be required to show photo identification proving that he
or she is at least 21 years of age; delivery will not be executed
without a signature from the recipient. The willful misrepresentation of
your age or the age of the recipient is a crime in most states, and if
it appears to us or to the authorities that you have done so, we will
cooperate with the authorities to prosecute you to the fullest extent
of
the law.
Photo Identification
Photo identification must be presented at the time of collection. If you
have requested a proxy to pick-up on your behalf, you must notify HDH
in writing (email is acceptable as long as it is the email address that
we have on file) prior to the pick-up and your proxy must present photo
identification; if these conditions are not met HDH will not release
your purchase.
Gift Orders
All shipments of alcohol legally require a person of 21 years or older
to sign for receipt. As such please make sure that your gift recipient
will be available to receive your shipment.
HDH will make one shipping attempt* for all gift orders unless otherwise
requested. If an order is returned, HDH reserves the right to return
the order to stock and credit your account, minus the cost of shipping.
If you would like HDH to make additional attempts at delivery you may
request this in writing. No more than three attempts will be made for
any one shipment.
* Shipments by UPS include 3 delivery attempts after which your order
will be returned to HDH. All other shipping methods (e.g., messenger)
will only make one delivery attempt.
Payment
All sales are made in the state of Illinois. Payment in full is due upon
receipt of invoice or order confirmation. No order will be shipped or
allowed to be collected from our cellar until all expenses related to
the order have been paid. We accept cash, electronic checks (ACH) drawn
on U.S. bank accounts, money orders, wire transfers, and credit cards
(MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express).
Transactions for restaurants and other licensees will be routed
through a licensed wholesaler. There is no charge for this service, but
we do require that buyers identify themselves as licensees at the time
the order is placed.
If payment in good cleared funds is not received within 21 days of
the purchase, HDH Wine Co. reserves the right to assess a late charge of
up to 3% of the total purchase price, in addition to any other rights
and remedies available by law to HDH Wine Co., and additional 3% late
charges every two weeks following day 21. HDH reserves the right to
cancel any order at any time.
Taxation, Duties, and Tariffs
At all times, taxation is determined by point of delivery. We are required by law to collect the appropriate state and local taxes from purchasers, unless the purchase is deemed to be non-taxable. All non-taxable transactions must be completely documented prior to release of purchases.
Wine and/or other alcoholic beverages sold by HDH may be subject to laws, rules, or restrictions governing importation, including duties, tariffs, permits, rates, schedules, taxes, and preliminary statements, as they may be amended, adjusted, increased, renegotiated, replaced or restated from time to time (herein “Import Duties”).
Buyer is solely responsible for any and all Import Duties that may apply to any purchase of wine and/or alcoholic beverages, including those Import Duties in effect after the Buyer purchases the wine and/or alcoholic beverage but prior to the importation of the wine and/or alcoholic beverage.
Buyer cannot cancel any purchase, seek rescission of any agreement or contract, or fail to make timely payment for any purchase because of any applicable Import Duties, the adoption of a new trade policy, or renegotiation or termination of certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements. Buyer further agrees that any applicable Import Duties are not considered to be outside of the Buyer’s control.
All conclusions as to applicable taxes, duties, and tariffs due and owing will be determined by HDH in its sole discretion.
Variations in Pricing
You may notice price discrepancies when shopping for individual wines.
Due to the dynamic nature of the wine market, pricing on two otherwise
identical bottles can occasionally be disparate. Please note that each
bottle is individually subjected to HDH’s strict inspection standards,
and price discrepancies are not a reflection of condition discrepancies
between individual bottles (for more information on bottle conditions,
see below). Our recommendation to buyers is to purchase the least
expensive bottles available when price discrepancies exist.
Bottle Conditions
To the best of our knowledge, all wines benefited from proper storage
prior to being delivered to our temperature and humidity-controlled
cellar. Every bottle has been carefully inspected by our experts and
described as accurately as possible at the time the wines were added to
our retail inventory. However, buyers of older and more fragile wines
must make proper allowances for natural variations of ullage and general
condition. Wines less than 30 years of age can be assumed to be in
generally excellent condition unless otherwise indicated. As outlined
above, no returns or cancellations will be accepted.
Weather Watch
Transporting wine in extreme weather conditions and temperatures, even
by Overnight service, may seriously damage wines. We define these
temperature readings or predicted temperatures of greater than 80
degrees or less than 20 degrees Fahrenheit. HDH performs regular weather
checks prior to shipment. These checks confirm appropriate temperatures
will be held at the point of origin, along the probable route and at
the final destination.
During periods of extreme weather we strongly advise against transport
by any means. During these times we are pleased to provide complimentary
short-term storage until better conditions prevail. We refer to this
type of hold as a Weather Watch; if your order is placed during a
Weather Watch period, it will not be scheduled for shipment until the
end of the moratorium. If you wish to ship regardless of weather
conditions, we ask that you contact the shipping department to arrange
shipment of your purchase and that you agree to a Weather Waiver,
releasing HDH from any liability from weather related damage. Once we
have received your Weather Waiver, your shipment will be sent on the
agreed scheduled date, regardless of the weather conditions or
temperatures. Should a Weather Watch moratorium arise during a
previously scheduled shipment date, HDH will contact you via email to
arrange an alternative shipping date.
Complimentary 60-Day Storage
We offer complimentary storage in our temperature and
humidity-controlled facilities for 60 days after the date of purchase.
Should a Buyer’s wine remain in HDH’s cellar for a period longer than 60
days, a holding fee of $16.00 per nine-liter equivalent per quarter
year will be charged. The 60-day complimentary storage does not include
weather watch days, but will not exceed one year.
return to top
Auction Policies
Click here to view our auction Terms & Conditions.
return to top
Privacy
At Hart Davis Hart Wine Co., we are committed to protecting your privacy. The following statement describes the information gathering and usage practices of Hart Davis Hart Wine Co.
1) Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. will not rent or sell your personal information to any non-affiliated organization or company without your consent.
2) When you register, place an order or provide your personal information to us for any other business purpose, we may collect your name, address, email address, phone number and credit card information. Credit card information is not stored in our database after the order has been processed and we will require you to enter a valid credit card number for each transaction performed on our site. We may also request additional information. We use this information to process your requests and to communicate with you about your orders. From time to time, we may use your name and contact information to notify you of changes to the web site, new releases, special offers and events we think you'll find valuable. If you do not wish to receive this information via email, please send a blank email to noemail@hdhwine.com from the address you would like removed.
3) All of the customer data we collect is stored on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
4) Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. will track visits to the pages and links on our websites so we can make decisions about the design and usage of the website. While we may choose to share aggregate information on consumer behavior to third parties, none of these statistics contain personally identifying information.
5) Our website uses cookies to identify our registered members when they return to the site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us to provide special features such as storing items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to deny them as well. If you do not accept cookies, your experience on the site will not be optimal.
6) You may update or change information related to your Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. account by logging in and visiting the Edit Account section of the website to view and update your information.
7) By using our website, you consent to the policies described in this privacy statement. The provisions of this policy are subject to change. Hart Davis Hart Wine Co. will post changes to this privacy policy on this page.
If you have any concerns or questions, please contact Richard Anstett.
return to top
Security
When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL (Secure Socket Layers), provided by VeriSign, the premier encryption software company available today. While on a secure page such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'.
The servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure hosting environment. Credit card information is purged from our database once orders are processed.
If you have any concerns or questions, please contact Richard Anstett.
return to top
Download the HDH Mobile App
Bid live from your tablet or phone
with our free state-of-the-art app.
|
Policies |
Help |
Newsletter |
Contact Us |
Home |
*All retail orders are available for pickup at Hart Davis Hart’s Chicago premises
1511 W 38th Street, Chicago, IL | 312.482.9996