http://www.rg-racing.com/privacy
Privacy Policy - R&Gwww.rg-racing.com
We understand that privacy and the security of your personal information is extremely important. Because of that, this policy sets out what we do with your information and what we do to keep it secure.  It also explains where and how we collect your personal information, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you.
This policy applies to you if you use or buy our products over the phone, online or otherwise by using any of our websites or interacting with us on social media.  This policy gives effect to our commitment to protect your personal information and has been adopted by R&G
Who are we
When we say ‘we’ or ‘us’ in this policy, we’re generally referring to R&G: “R&G” and our official R&G logos are registered trademarks of Racing Technique Ltd.
Registered Office:
Unit 1 Shelleys Lane,
East Worldham,
Alton, Hampshire,
GU34 3AQ.
Registered in England and Wales: 4480535
What Information we hold
Information that you provide to us such as your name, address, date of birth, gender, Job title, telephone number, email address, demographic information (postcode, interests & preferences) IP addresses, operating system, referral information, bank account and payment card details and any feedback you give to us, including by phone, email, post, or when you communicate with us via social media;
Information about the Services that we provide to you (including for example, the things we have provided to you, when and where, what you paid, the way you use our products and Services, and so on); Your account login details, including your user name and chosen password;
Information about any device you have used to access our website (such as your device’s make and model, browser or IP address) and how you use our website. For example, we try to identify which search engines etc. you use and when and how you use them.
Your contact details and details of the emails and other electronic communications you receive from us, including whether that communication has been opened and if you have clicked on any links within that communication. We want to make sure that our communications are useful for you, so if you don’t open them or don’t click on any links in them, we know we need to improve our emails.
The information we collect may be used to
Make available our products and services available to you;
Process your orders;
Take payment from you or give you a refund;
Personalise your shopping experience, for example by understanding your location or how you use our apps and websites to provide you with personalised offers or shopping ideas;
Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to prevent fraud;
Conduct market research, either ourselves or with reputable agencies;
For statistical analysis;
Help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you consume, the manner in which you consume them; so, we can serve you better.
Find ways to improve our Services, apps and websites;
Contact you about products and services from us and other companies;
Provide you with online advertising;
Provide for the safety and security of our colleagues and customers; and
Help answer your questions and solve any issues you have.
Who we might share your information with
Our service providers
The Company may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, payment processing, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services may have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website. Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that The Company requests.
Other organisations and individuals
We may transfer your personal information to other organisations in certain scenarios.
For example:
If we're discussing selling or transferring part or all of a business, we may share information about you to prospective purchasers - but only so they can evaluate that business;
If we are reorganised or sold to another organisation, we may transfer information we hold about you to them, so they can continue to provide the Services to you;
If required to by law, under any code of practice by which we are bound, or we are asked to do so by a public or regulatory authority such as the Police or the Department for Work and Pensions;
If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and Services; or
In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their legal rights or the rights of others.
Links to other website: This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. The Company has no control over such websites and is in no way responsible for the content thereof. This Policy does not extend to your use of such websites.  Users are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
Keeping you informed
We would like to tell you about the great offers, ideas, products and services from time to time that we think you might be interested in. Where you have consented to us doing so, we may do this through the post, by email, text message, online, using social media, push notifications via apps, or by any other electronic means.
We won't send you marketing messages if you tell us not to, but we will still need to send you occasional service-related emails.
Accessing your own Data
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by The Company by emailing marketing@rg-racing.com with the email subject line ‘Data Request’.
If you would like us to delete your personal data and remove you from our database, we will delete the personal data we currently hold within six months of your request.
Security
Data security is of great importance to The Company and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
Changes to this Policy
The Company reserves the right to change this Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law.  Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
© 2020 Racing Technique Ltd. (t/a R&G)
Surrey Website Design by That Web Company
Our Terms of use have changed
Please review and agree to continue to use the R&G website.
AGREE AND CONTINUE