http://www.robertfrew.com/privacy-policy
Advanced Search
×
Author/Artist/Cartographer
Title
Stock Code
Keywords
Date range
between
and
Price range
between
and
Material Type
All
Books
Maps
Prints
Cancel
Search
Robert Frew Ltd Privacy Policy
Robert Frew Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This statement explains how we collect and look after your personal data when you visit our website and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Purpose of this privacy statement
The purpose of this privacy statement is to explain how Robert Frew Ltd collects and processes your personal data through your use of our website, regardless of where you visit it from.
The Robert Frew Ltd website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this statement as well as any other privacy, transparency or fair processing notice we may bring to your attention on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you. This privacy statement supplements our website terms of use. It is not intended to override them.
Who may process data?
Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us, which concern you as an individual) may be processed by us.
Changes to the privacy notice:
We always publish the latest version of our privacy statement here on our website. This version of was updated and published on 23rd May 2018. Previous versions can be obtained by contacting Online Galleries (contact details above).
Purpose of processing:
We will use your information for the purpose of fulfilling requests for information placed by you, processing any other transactions authorised or made by you with us, informing you of exhibitions and new acquisitions and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest and undertaking product or customer research/development.
How long will we keep your information?
We will only keep the information we collect about you for as long as required for the purposes set out above or as required to comply with any legal obligations to which we are subject. This will involve us periodically reviewing our files to check that information is accurate, up-to-date and still required.
Where we are permitted to send you direct marketing communications we may retain your contact information necessary for this purpose, for as long as you do not unsubscribe from receiving the same from us.
If you opt out from marketing, we will retain your information to enable us to respect your wishes to not be contacted for marketing purposes.
Third-party links:
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties also to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies or statements. When you link to them, we encourage you to read their privacy statements as well.
Disclosure of information:
In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency practitioner may transfer your information to a third party purchaser of the business provided that purchaser undertakes to use your information for the same purposes as set out in this policy. Your information will not be disclosed to government or local authorities or other government institutions save as required by law or other binding regulations.
Cookies:
We may send a small file to your computer when you visit our website, this file stores your session identifier. This enables us to identify your computer and to allow our systems to tailor their response to your requests. We only use cookies to save your website preferences, keep you logged into the website or to customise the way you view the website to meet your choices.
Except through the use of cookies, we do not automatically log or collect data unless you specifically provide it to us. You can set your computer browser to reject cookies but this may preclude your use of certain parts of this website.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. If you decide to disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our sites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics to help analyse use of our website. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website. To find out more about cookies, including how to control and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org, or to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither ourselves nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.
Access to information:
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out below, please contact us at .
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Robert Frew Ltd at .