https://www.worldmusicsupply.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Guitar Effects Pedals
Acoustic Pedals
Bass Guitar Effects Pedals
Chorus | Vibrato Pedals
Compressor | Gate Pedals
Delay | Looper Pedals
Distortion | Overdrive | Boost Pedals
EQ Pedals
Filter | Wah | Tremolo Pedals
Flanger Pedals
Multi Effects Pedals
Other FX Pedals
Pedal Boards
Phaser Pedals
Pitch Shifter | Harmony Pedals
Power Supplies | Accessories
Reverb Pedals
Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Bass Guitars
Electric Guitars
ESP Guitars | Basses
Fender
Jackson Guitars
Paul Reed Smith
Taylor Guitars
Washburn Guitars
Guitar Amplifiers
Acoustic Amplifiers
Amplifier Accessories
Amplifier Heads
Bass Guitar Combo Amplifiers
Bass Guitar Heads | Cabinets
Combo Amplifiers
Guitar Cabinets
Mini | Battery Powered Amplifiers
Guitar Accessories
Acoustic Guitar Cases
Bass Guitar Cases
Electric Guitar Cases
Guitar Cables
Guitar Capos
Guitar Pickups
Guitar Stands | Hangers
Guitar Straps
Tuners | Metronomes
Wireless Guitar Systems
Drum Sets | Percussion
Cow Bells | Percussion Bells
Cymbals
Drum sets
Hand Drums
Hardware
Other Percussion Effects
Shakers
Stands
Tambourines
Wood | Synthetic Blocks
Bluegrass | Folk Instruments
Banjos
Cases
Mandolins
Ukuleles
Closeouts
Acoustic Guitars
Amplifiers
Bass Guitars
Bluegrass | Folk Instruments
Drum | Percussion
Electric Guitars
Guitar Accessories
Pro Audio | Live Sound
Stage Lighting
Home
Guitars
Closeout Guitars
Electric Cuitars
Acoustic Guitars
Guitar Amps
Bass Guitars
Guitar Effects Pedals
Guitar Pickups
Gator Cases
Guitar Accessories
Drums
Drum Stands
Drum Accessories
Road Cases
Snare Drums
Hand Drums
Cymbals
Wood | Synthetic Blocks
Studio
Studio Consoles
Studio Microphones
Studio Monitoring
Effects and Processors
Audio Interfaces
Live Stage
Stage Lighting
Live Sound Mixers
Power Amplifiers
PA Systems
Monitors $ Speakers
Stage Microphones
DJ Equipment
DJ Mixers
DJ Controllers
DJ Headphones
Turntables
DJ Accessories
Folk
Banjos
Cases
Mandolins
Ukeleles
Closeouts
Guitar Deals
Guitar Accessories
Drum and Percussion Deals
Pro Audio Deals
Used Gear
—›
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Web Site Terms and Conditions of UseBy placing an order by phone or online shopping cart, customer agrees that he/she (hereafter customer) is willfully entering into a binding agreement between customer & Sight & Sound Productions, Inc dba World Music supply, (hereafter WMS). Customer shall be responsible for his or her own actions in using this web site or purchasing from WMS and agrees to all terms, policies, and contained within this web site including: Return Policy, Shipping Policy, or any other published policy contained herein.
Customer agrees that placing an order is the electronic equivalent of customer signature and acceptance of all terms contained herein. Customer agrees that by placing an order via electronic shopping cart or by phone as a result of using this website that they agree to all terms and conditions contained herein. All terms are conditions are contained within http://www.worldmusicsupply.com/ and its published pages. Any modifications or agreements between customer and WMS must be in writing. By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on World Music Supply's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; Use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on World Music Supply's web site; Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by World Music Supply at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format. Order Refusal:WMS shall not be obligated to process any order received and reserves the right to refuse any order for any reason including but not limited to price errors, technical errors, typographical errors, coupon errors, or for any other reason.
Credit Card or Payment Chargebacks / Disputes: In the event of credit card dispute, charge back, or any other form of payment reversal where customer retains possession or control of purchased items not surrendering the items back, customer, customer shall be liable for all costs of enforcement including attorneys fees, court costs, handling fees, 3rd part collection fees, merchant charge back and credit card fees, as well as any costs of retrieving merchandise back.Jurisdiction: Customer agrees that all legal action or court case filings must be filed in either in Lake County Indiana, St Joseph County Indiana, or Delaware County Indiana and agrees to dismiss any legal filings outside of said jurisdiction.
Customer agrees to dismiss any filings filed outside of St Joseph County Indiana, or Delaware County Indiana.Delays: The customer shall release and indemnify Sight & Sound Prod, Inc. its agents, affiliates, employees, and suppliers from any and all liability beyond the purchase price including but not limited to: Delayed shipment, delayed delivery, back order, malfunction, defect, damages, injury or death from use, abuse, or misuse, statements of specifications or usability, estimations on shipment, or delivery time/date beyond the total price paid for the item.Cancellation: Once an order has been processed for shipping, it cannot be canceled; however the customer is still entitled to all normal return policies. Order cancellations or changes if possible may only be made by telephone call to 1 800 867 4611. Order cancellations or changes may not be made by email for reasons of timeliness of sending, receiving, or staff members opening emails, as well as spam filters, lost emails, technological outages or difficulties.Dispute: In the event of a dispute, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs of collection including attorney’s fees, and court costs. The parties agree that in the event of a dispute between the parties, said dispute shall be filed in the State of Indiana in St Joseph County.Enclosure & Agreement: Customer agrees by placing an order either over the phone, electronically or through mail to all terms, policies, and conditions contained within this web site and that all terms of agreements between the parties are contained within www.worldmusicsupply.com. Any other agreements must be in writing between the parties.Revisions and ErrataThe materials appearing on World Music Supply's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. World Music Supply does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. World Music Supply may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. World Music Supply does not make any commitment to update the materials.World Music Supply has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by World Music Supply of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk. World Music Supply may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
×
Call message title comes here
Close