http://www.michaelsfabrics.com/apps/help-center
Menu
Cart 0
Search
Home
About
Fabrics
Buttons
Gift Cards
Contact
Swatch Request
Sign in
Create an Account
Home
About
Fabrics
Buttons
Gift Cards
Contact
Swatch Request
Sign in
Create an Account
Help Center
FAQ
Order Status
Has my order shipped?
Click the "My Account" link on the top right hand side of our site.  Then look for the heading "My Orders - track packages" to see if your order has shipped.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?
Click the "My Account" link at the top right hand side of our site. Then look under "My Orders", to view orders you have placed. Then click the "Change Quantities / Cancel Order" link to find and edit your order. Please note, that once an order has begun processing or has shipped, the order cannot be changed through our website. If you need to change your order, please contact us.
How do I track my order?
Click the "My Account" link on the top right hand side of our site.   Then look for the heading "My Orders - track packages", to see if your order has shipped.
My order never arrived.
Click the "My Account" link on the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped. If your order displays the Package Tracking Number, check with the shipper to confirm that your package was delivered. You can also contact us for help. If your package shows a status of "delivered", please contact us.
An item is missing from my shipment.
Click the "My Account" link on the top right hand side of our site to check your order. If you ordered the item and it is missing from your order, please contact us.
I received the wrong fabric.
If you received the wrong fabric, please contact us.
My Account
How do I create an account?
1) Click the "My Account" link on the top right hand side of our site.2) Enter your e-mail address.3) Select "I am a new customer".Then simply follow the prompts to complete setting up your account. Your information is NEVER sold, traded, transferred or otherwise given to any other entity; it is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information.
How do I edit my account information?
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to edit your account information.
I forgot my password.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site. Under the login box you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password? Click here". That link will send an e-mail to you with your password.
Shipping and Returns
How much is my shipping?
Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. If you have a special shipping request, please contact us.
How do I return fabrics?
How do I return fabrics? Please click here for information on our Return Policy.
What is your return policy?
Please see our Return Policy for complete details.
International Shipping
Do you ship to my country?
Please create an account by clicking the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site. During signup we'll ask for your shipping address details, including country. If your country is not in the drop down menu of available countries, unfortunately we cannot ship to your country at this time.
When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?
We will ship your order after we receive payment from you. Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. If you have a special shipping request, please contact us.
Gift Certificates
How do I buy / redeem a gift certificate?
To purchase a gift certificate, click here. If you are the recipient of a gift certificate and would like to redeem your gift certificate, click here.
Payment and Billing
Do I have to pay sales tax?
You only have to pay sales tax if you are a resident of Maryland.
I have a question about my charges.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website, with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact us.
What are my payment choices?
During the checkout process you may choose from any of our payment options and continue to place your order. We accept American Express, Discover, MasterCard and VISA. Please note that we will not ship your order until we receive payment.
I need a copy of my receipt / invoice.
Click the "My Account / Order Status" link at the top right hand side of our site to print receipts and/or invoices.
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged right before your fabric is shipped.
Miscellaneous
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details.
How do I navigate the site?
To navigate through our website, simply click on a category you want to view. Categories are located on the top and bottom pages of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You'll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a "hand". Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an "arrow". You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. If you have any trouble locating a product, please contact us.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.
Additional Support
How do I contact you?
Please click here for our company contact information.
Contact support
Your Email
Message
Submit