http://www.fesflowers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Flower Essence Services Statement of Privacy
Flower Essence Services is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Flower Essence Services website and governs data collection and usage at all Flower Essence Services sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Flower Essence Services Statement of Privacy. Flower Essence Services is a general audience website, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce website, Flower Essence Services collects personal information, such as your email address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Flower Essence Services is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Flower Essence Services does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software. Flower Essence Services encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Flower Essence Services so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Flower Essence Services website.
Use of your Personal Information
Flower Essence Services and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Flower Essence Services may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Flower Essence Services and its affiliates. Flower Essence Services may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Flower Essence Services does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Flower Essence Services may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (email, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Flower Essence Services does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Flower Essence Services may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Flower Essence Services or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Flower Essence Services, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Flower Essence Services or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Flower Essence Services or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Flower Essence Services abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control your Personal Information
Flower Essence Services offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing mail@fesflowers.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional email from Flower Essence Services by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Security of your Personal Information
Flower Essence Services is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
Changes to this Statement
Flower Essence Services will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Flower Essence Services will use your personal information, Flower Essence Services will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Flower Essence Services encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Flower Essence Services is protecting your information.
Close Menu
About Us
Our Values
Biodynamic Certification
History of the Bach Flower Essences
Product Info
Flower Essences Formulas
Animal Relief Formula
Five-Flower Formula
Hospice Formulas
Leading Light
Magenta Mantle
Yarrow Environmental Solution
Flourish Formulas
Activ-8
Fear-Less
Flora-Sleep
Grace
Grief Relief
Grounding Green
Illumine
Kinder Garden
Magenta Self-Healer
Mind-Full
Post-Trauma Stabilizer
Sacred Heart
All Essences and Indications
Essences We Carry
Healingherbs Bach Essences
FES Quintessentials Essences
FES Range of Light Essences
Research Essences
Personal Care
TerrAnoint Roll-On Radiance
Self-Heal Créme
Benediction & Benediction Forte
FloraFusions Herbal Flower Oils
Arnica Allay
Calendula Caress
Chamo-Mild Calm
Dandelion Dynamo
Mugwort Moon Magic
St. John’s Shield
Gifts, Sets & Supplies
Gift Sets
Practitioner & Home Care Kits
Flower Essence Supplies
Publications
Learn about Flower Essences
What are Flower Essences?
How to Use Flower Essences
Other FAQs
Resources
Blog
Ordering Info
Ordering & Shipping Information
International Distributors
Practitioner Discount Program
For Retailers
Shop
Store Locator
Flower Essence Society
Articles
Classes
Membership
Reporting Form
Research
Contact Us