http://www.daros.se/terms-conditions
Skip to Main Content
search
search
search
Legal Notices
Home
Terms and Conditions
Legal Notices
Privacy Statement
TENNECO INC.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction and Acknowledgment
Tenneco Inc. (the "Company") maintains this web site (https://www.tenneco.com) (the "Website") for informational purposes only. Access and use of this Website by you are governed exclusively by these terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"). By accessing and using this Website, you acknowledge that you have read, accept, and will be bound by these Terms and Conditions. The Company reserves the right to modify or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice.
Copyright Notice
Copyright ©2009 Tenneco Inc. All rights reserved.
All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of Tenneco Inc. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.
Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property
All trademarks, service marks and logos used in this Site are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. All rights, in the intellectual property contained in this Website including copyright, trademarks, trade secret and patent rights are reserved.
License and Site Access
The Company grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Website and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of the Company. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings or descriptions; any derivative use of this Website or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This Website or any portion of this Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of the Company. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the Company and its affiliates the without express written consent of the Company. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing the Company's name or trademarks without the express written consent of the Company. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by the Company. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Company so long as the link does not portray the Company, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any proprietary graphic or trademark of the Company or its affiliates as part of the link without the express written permission of the Company.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and other Matters
Materials in this Website may contain, or contain links to, information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements are identified as "forward looking statements" or by their use of terms (and variations thereof) and phrases such as "will," "may," "anticipates," "intend," "goal," "continued," "estimate," "expects," "project," "potential," "forecast," "plans," "should," "designed to," "foreseeable future," "outlook," "believe," and "scheduled" and similar terms (and variations thereof) and phrases. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and may involve significant risks and uncertainties. These risk factors are discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company's press releases. and/or the linked information. Actual results may vary materially from those forward-looking statements as a result of any number of factors, many of which are beyond the control of management.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to correct or update publicly any of them in light of new information, future events or otherwise.
All press releases and other information about the Company appearing on this Website are current only as of the date specified. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or correct press releases or other information as the result of financial, business or any other developments occurring after the specified date.
The stock information in this Website is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. Neither the Company nor its data or content providers guarantee the sequence, accuracy, or completeness of any stock price information or other data displayed, nor shall any such party be liable in any way to the reader or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any such information or data or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or for any damages arising therefrom or occasioned thereby or by reason of nonperformance or interruption, or termination of the stock price information for any cause whatsoever.
Historical and current stock price performance data is not necessarily indicative of future performance.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to other websites maintained by parties other than the Company or its affiliates ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of the Company and it is not responsible for the content of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. The Company is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Company of the site or any association with its operators.
Feedback Information; Privacy
Visitors may submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content (i) is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable; and (ii) does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false E-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of such submissions. Any ideas or suggestions received from you about how to improve the Website or the products or services of the Company or any of its affiliates shall be deemed a grant of permission by you for the Company to adopt and use such ideas or suggestions without additional consideration. Any information provided by you to the Company by E-mail or otherwise shall be deemed to have been provided by you and received by the Company on a non-confidential basis. By communicating with the Company, you automatically grant the Company a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or any information therein alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology, whether no known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights to third parties. Thus, the Company shall be free to use such communication or information on an unrestricted basis and may use the information it obtains through this Website relating to you, including, without limitation, your IP address, name, mailing address, E-mail address and use of the Website, for the Company's business and marketing purposes and may disclose such information to third parties for such purposes. Our use of any of your personally identifiable information is governed by our Privacy Policy. By accessing and using our Website, you also agree to be bound by that policy.
Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
THIS INFORMATION IN THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY CONTENT OF THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITE OR SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE.
The Company may change or delete information on this Website without notice at any time. Use of these materials is at the user's own risk.
Jurisdiction
This site is controlled and operated by the Company from its headquarters in Lake Forest, Illinois, USA. Your viewing of any materials on this Website constitutes your approval of, and agreement with, these Terms and Conditions and consent to jurisdiction in courts of competent jurisdiction in the state of Illinois, without regard to conflict of law principles, to resolve any interpretations or disputes arising from these Terms and Conditions and any conflicts that arise from this site.
Entire Agreement
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire and only agreement between the Company and you and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings concerning this Website.