http://www.anothertimevintageapparel.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
About
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Basket
0
Vintage Costume Jewelry.
Vintage Accessories Scarves, Gloves, Eye Glasses & More.
Vintage Patterns, Buttons, Sewing Supplies.
Vintage Hats
& Vintage Millinery.
Vintage Clothing Victorian to 1970s.
Vintage Compacts, Perfumes, Powders & More.
Larger Size Vintage Clothing.
All
Online Vintage Clothing & More For Sale.
How to Measure Clothing.
Privacy Policy
Another Time Vintage Apparel is completely committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. Therefore we will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you.
Consent
Your Consent is important to us too. Therefore we will never sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or any other personal information to any third party without your consent.
Communication & Marketing
If you have made a purchase from our store (thank you!) we may occasionally update you on our latest products, news and special offers via e-mail if you opt-in to receive email marketing communications from us. You can opt-out at any time.
Website Statistics
We may record statistics about the number of visitors to this Website or number of purchases made for improvement purposes. This is to help it improve the services to our customers and ultimately provide the most appropriate products.
Protecting your security
We may use personal information provided by you in order to fulfill necessary anti-fraud checks. This information may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. This is done only to confirm identity for security purposes.
Third party websites
Our site may contain links to and from other websites.
If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any liability for these policies.
Contacting us
Another Time Vintage Apparel is committed to protecting your privacy. For any further queries or comments please contact us using our contact form.
I take my privacy seriously and I do yours also.
Another Time Vintage Apparel And Other Fine Delights
VINTAGE CLOTHING WITH A PAST SINCE 1994!
Home
About
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Basket(0)
Terms & Conditions
Payment
Return Policy
Shipping Costs
Privacy Policy
International Shipping
All rights reserved 2012 - 2020 ©
Page 2
Page 3
Page 2 cloned
Ecommerce by SupaDupa