https://www.surehands.com/legal-notice
Legal Notice
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. General information
This website is owned and managed by the corporation Handi-Move NV, TEN BEUKENBOOM 13, 9400 NINOVE, VAT BE 0423.155.372, Ghent Register of Legal Entities (Dendermonde), and/or its affiliated corporations (hereinafter: Handi-Move).
All questions and comments relating to the website and/or this notice should be sent to the above address or by e-mail to customer service at info@handimove.com.
2. Terms and conditions
All use of this website is subject to these terms and conditions. The mere use of the website implies that the user accepts the conditions included in this notice for the use of the website. Handi-Move reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. The amended terms and conditions will be published on the website and become automatically applicable after their publication.
3. Limitation of liability
Although Handi-Move strives to provide the most correct reports and information possible, it can never guarantee the accuracy, completeness, and suitability of the reports or information for any use, and cannot be held liable in this regard. Handi-Move is not responsible for any decision or act that the user makes or performs on the basis of the provided information, data, or reports about users or third parties, and is likewise not responsible for mistakes or errors, or for any direct or indirect damage or loss that could result from this.
4. Links to other websites
Handi-Move cannot be held liable in any way for information that is provided, by way of a service to the user, via hyperlinks to third-party content or to websites managed by third parties. These links are purely informative and only the operators of those websites are responsible and liable for the correctness of the presented information and for complying with laws and regulations in relation to the products and services that are offered for sale on their websites, more specifically as regards consumer protection, distance selling, legislation in relation to prices, intellectual property, etc.
5. Damage/loss
Handi-Move is not liable in any way for damage to or the loss of the user's data or computer equipment due to the use of the website, or for any transmission of viruses via the website.
6. Intellectual property rights
All texts, photographs, drawings, graphs, images, sound, data, databanks, software, designations, trade and domain names, and all other components of Handi-Move's website are copyrighted works and possibly also enjoy other forms of protection. The website itself is also copyrighted and protected as a databank by both the Copyright Act and the Databases Act.
None of these components, the website itself, or the information presented on the website may be saved (other than is necessary to view the website), reproduced, altered, published, distributed, sent, sold, transferred to third parties, or used in any way unless Handi-Move has given its prior and written consent for this purpose.
7. Applicable law
Belgian law is applicable. The invalidity, nullity or unenforceable nature of all or part of one of the above provisions will not lead to the invalidity and/or unenforceability of the other provisions. Unless the terms and conditions of a product or service stipulate a different jurisdiction, the district courts of Dendermonde (Belgium) will have sole jurisdiction to hear, and Belgian law will apply to, any dispute arising from the use of the website.
PRIVACY
1.  Policy on the protection of privacy
Handi-Move places great importance on the protection of your privacy. The purpose of this notice is to inform you of Handi-Move's policy on processing the personal data that you provide to it via this website. If you visit this website simply to find information about Handi-Move, its products and services, or the topics or items that appear on this website, none of your personal data will be processed.  It is only if you wish to receive certain services or products, to use certain services on our website, or request services or products for which registration is required, that you may be asked to provide certain personal data (such as your first name, surname, e-mail address, sex, street name, street number, zip code, mailing address, date of birth, profession, and telephone number). Whenever you provide personal data, Handi-Move will act in accordance with this written policy and the statutory obligations that apply to personal data processing.
You guarantee that the data you provide to Handi-Move either belongs to you or that you have permission to use and provide it to Handi-Move. Handi-Move may deny you access to all or part of its website, temporarily or permanently, if you make use of false data or the data of third parties without their permission.
2.  Personal data processing
Handi-Move does not gather or process any sensitive data or data for which your explicit written consent is required.
In principle, Handi-Move will process the personal data that you provide only for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice (see Article 3 further).
The personal data that Handi-Move gathers is saved in a computer file that is kept in a secure environment. Only specific employees of Handi-Move, or certain persons or entities with whom or which Handi-Move has entered into an agreement, have access to your data. Their access is always limited to the extent to which they need access for the performance of their duties or assignment.
Handi-Move will retain your data for a maximum of five years and then destroy it, unless there is an ongoing investigation. In that case, the data will be retained for as long as is needed to complete the investigation.
3.   Purpose of processing
Handi-Move processes personal data in order to contact you, to be able to deliver products or services to you that you have requested or for which you have registered, to inform you about its range of products and services, to personalize that range of products and services, and for the direct marketing purposes of third parties.
The use of your personal data for the direct marketing purposes of third parties is subject to your explicit consent, which you can freely give or refuse.
You can also notify Handi-Move if you no longer wish to be kept advised of the available range of products and services.
You may view and have any inaccurate or incomplete personal data that Handi-Move has processed about you corrected or deleted at any time. In order to enforce these rights, send an e-mail with a copy of your identity card as an attachment to info@handimove.com or a letter enclosing a copy of your identity card to Handi-Move's aforementioned mailing address, marked for the attention of customer service.
COOKIES
If you visit our website, we will install small files, known as cookies, on your computer or mobile device.
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that help websites to remember your choices and preferences, so you do not need to provide these again when you navigate to another page or revisit the website later.
2. No personal data
A cookie consists of a unique number or value. It does not contain any personal data.
3. Which cookies does this website use?
This website makes use of the following types of cookies:
Necessary cookies - These cookies are essential to be able to visit our website and use certain parts of it.  For example, these cookies allow you to navigate between the different parts of the website or to complete forms. If you refuse these cookies, parts of the website will either not work properly or not work at all.
Functional cookies - Functional cookies are cookies that facilitate the functioning of our website, make it more pleasant for the visitor, and ensure that you have a more personalized surfing experience. For example, these are cookies that remember your preference from somewhere.
Performance cookies - This website also makes use of Google Analytics. Cookies are used to gather information about visitors' use of our website with the aim of improving its content, to adapt it more to visitors' requirements, and to enhance its usability. For example, there is a cookie that helps us to count the number of unique visitors and another cookie that keeps track of the most popular pages -
Third-party cookies - The website also contains elements of other third parties, such as video services, social media buttons, or advertisements.
4. Refusing cookies
You can refuse the installation of cookies via your browser settings.
More information is available at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
This website makes use of cookies to provide our services. By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. More information on our cookie policy You will also find information here on how to manage cookies.
All SureHands products in one pdf
Download the SureHands catalog
Questions?
Route to our headquarters
Contact SureHands
Stories of happy customers, new products and solutions, tips and advice… in your mailbox
X
Your experience on this site will be improved by allowing cookies.
Terms & conditions, privacy statement, disclaimer & info with regard to the use of Cookies on this website.
Allow cookies