http://www.calculatorsource.com/help.html
CalculatorSource Help Center browse by brandHelp CenterHome > Help CenterWelcome to our Help Center!
To find an answer to your question please use the index below or search our Help Center using your browser's Find/Search feature (usually found in the Edit menu).
Before You Place Your Order:
Finding Products
Payment Methods and Order Placement
Shipping Options and Costs
Availability / Time to Ship / Item Stock
Sales Tax / Tax Exempt
Privacy / Security / Use of Your Information
Catalog Requests
After You Place Your Order:
Order Status
Order Changes or Cancellation
Receipt / Invoice / Packing Slip
Problems with Received Shipment
Returns
Product Help
Communication Problems
About Us / Our Policies
Other Questions / Contact Us
Finding Products - Do you have this product?
Do you have a product that does this?
I wish you had this product!
Our goal is to be your source for everything calculator.
To this end we carry an extensive and constantly growing selection of calculator products.
Our products are organized in functional categories and cross-referenced for easy browsing.
If you are having trouble locating what you are looking for please follow these steps:
Use our Online Search to locate products in our store or browse through our Complete Product Index.
If you are looking for discontinued or difficult to find products please visit our Discontinued Products section.
If you are looking for books, including activity guides, replacement manuals, user's guides, and hard to find titles please visit our Bookstore section.
If you are looking for supplies, batteries, cases, cables, and other accessories please visit our Accessories section.
If we do not currently carry the calculator you are looking for please Suggest-A-Calc.
We'll work on locating the calculator you need and, if possible, adding it to our regular product line.
Payment and Order Placement - How do I place an order?
What payment methods do you accept?
Can I use this payment method?
How do I pay via this payment method?
For information on how to place an order, complete list of available payment options, and instructions on submitting payment please visit our Ordering and Payment Information section.
Shipping - What shipping options do you offer?
Do you ship to this location?
How long will my order take to arrive? How much does shipping cost?
I think shipping charges calculated by the shopping cart are incorrect - can they be adjusted?
For information on available shipping options, costs, and delivery times please visit our Shipping Policies section.
Our shopping cart calculates shipping charges using a formula explained in our Shipping Policies.
We do not adjust shipping charges up or down except as explicitly noted in our policies or on item pages.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this please view a detailed explanation.
Availability - Is this item in stock?
When will this item ship?
What does availability mean?
To determine whether an item is available for shipment, as well as how much time may be needed to ship it, please refer to the product Availability field.
Every product in our store has an Availability field above the price (usually in the upper right hand corner of the page).
If you need help understanding the concept of Availability and how it affects your order please click here.
Accuracy of Availability Information
We know how frustrating it is to order a product that is claimed to be in stock only to find out it isn't available for shipment within the promised timeframe.
We take care to make sure that our site contains up to date availability information.
With very rare exceptions our website is an accurate representation of items we have available for shipment and contains the most current information we have available; there is no benefit to contacting us separately to verify item availability.
This is true even for items that have become difficult to find at other merchants due to manufacturer discontinuations, supply shortages, and other reasons; we quickly become aware of such situations and take special care to provide accurate availability status.
If you require an item and it is listed as available your best bet is to place an order.
If an item is in short supply you will have the best chance of receiving it by placing your order as quickly as possible (first come, first served).
Backorders and Out of Stock Situations
Although we work hard to minimize backorder situations on rare occasions an item listed as available may no longer be in stock by the time we receive your order.
In vast majority of the cases contacting us to verify availability in advance would not prevent this.
We understand how frustrating these situations are and how important it is to make you aware of the problem quickly so that you can determine the best course of action.
If we are unable to ship an item to you within its availability guideline we will contact you with an option of canceling the order or waiting for the item.
Out of stock notifications are typically sent shortly after we become aware of the situation and are virtually always sent within the availability guideline for the item.
Sales Tax - Do you collect sales tax?
I am tax exempt, how do I remove taxes from my order?
We collect sales tax on physical shipments to California only.
If you are tax exempt
please include your tax exemption details in the comments field on the order form and we'll remove taxes when we process your order.
Privacy and Security - How will you use private information I provide?
Is ordering from you safe? Will you sell my contact information for marketing purposes?
Please visit our Privacy Policy section for information on how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal information.
Catalog Requests - How do I receive a catalog of your products by mail?
At this time we do not publish a paper catalog.
Please refer to our online store for information about our product line.
Order Status - Where is my order?
Has my order shipped?
Why has my order not arrived yet?
When can I expect to receive my order?
After you place your order the amount of time required to deliver your purchase to you is determined by the following components:
Time to Receive Order + Time to Approve Order + Availability / Time to Ship Order + Time in Transit
Information below describes how you can determine which stage your order is in and how much longer it may be before you receive the merchandise.
Time to Receive Order - Determining if Your Order was Received
If you placed your order via fax or postal mail, approximate time required to receive your order is indicated on the order form.
If you placed your order through our online shopping cart we will usually receive it almost immediately.
Once we receive your order we will email you to confirm receipt.
Most order confirmations are sent minutes after we receive your order though delays of up to one business day are possible.
If you do not receive an order confirmation one business day after submitting your online order there is a good chance that we have not received your order, email address you provided is incorrect, or there are problems with email communication.
Please contact our Customer Service with your order details to verify that we received your order.
Time to Approve Order - Determining if Your Order is On Hold
Although most orders are approved with no delay, issues with shipping/billing information, payment verification, and other circumstances may cause your order to be placed on hold.
Additional action is often required from you before we can continue with an order that is placed on hold.
Any issues that require action from you will be described in your order confirmation email.
Be sure to carefully review your order confirmation email to make sure that your order is not unnecessarily delayed.
Availability / Time to Ship Order - Determining When Your Approved Order Will Ship
Once your order is approved, it will ship within the availability guideline for each item.
Availability information is listed on each item page and is also included in your order confirmation email.
Once your order ships, we will email you a shipment confirmation within one business day.
If you do not receive a shipment confirmation within Availability time + one business day please contact our Customer Service with your order details to verify that your order is being processed.
Time in Transit / Shipping Time - Determining When Your Shipped Order Will Arrive
Once your order is shipped, time in transit is determined by the shipping method and is outside of our control.
To find out how long your shipment should take to arrive please visit our Shipping Policies and review information on shipping option you selected when ordering.
If shipping time indicated in our policies has passed and you have still not received your shipment please contact our Customer Service for assistance.
Cancellations and Changes - How do I cancel an order I just placed?
How do I add or remove items or modify address information for an order that hasn't shipped yet?
For complete information and instructions on order changes and cancellations please visit our Cancellations and Changes Policy section.
Receipt / Invoice / Packing Slip - Why didn't I receive a paper invoice or packing slip with my shipment?
Can I have another receipt or invoice sent to me?
We typically do not include invoices or packing slips with shipments.
Many customers simply throw these away and not including them allows us to save time, lower costs, and reduce our environmental impact.
If you require a paper invoice please print your Order Confirmation page which is displayed by our shopping cart once you submit your order.
An electronic invoice/receipt will also be included in your order confirmation email which you can save or print.
If you no longer have your order confirmation email please request another electronic invoice to be emailed to you.
Problems with Received Shipment - Some items are missing from my order!
My item is defective - how do I get a replacement?
I received an incorrect item and need it exchanged!
There is no reason to be immediately alarmed if you receive a package with only part of your order.
Depending on product availability, shipping method, proximity to your location, your product selection, and other factors your order may be sent in several packages and each package may ship from a different warehouse throughout the country.
Please allow for full processing time indicated by the availability guideline and time in transit for each remaining item as explained in our Order Status section.
If expected delivery date for all items has passed and you still have not received the product please contact our Customer Service for assistance.
If there are any issues with your order such as incorrect items, defective products, items that are no longer needed, etc. and a return or exchange is required please refer to our Return Policy section.
Returns - How do I return or exchange this product?
Do you charge a restocking fee?
For return information and instructions please visit our Return Policy section.
Product Support - Can You Help Me Use or Troubleshoot My Calculator?
What Replacement Parts or Supplies Do I Need?
If you have a question about using, repairing, or maintaining your calculator please post it on our Calculator Answers site.
Posting it will expose your question to both our support team and the larger calculator community.
If you do not receive a sufficient answer through Calculator Answers try contacting the manufacturer or referencing documentation that came with your calculator for most authoritative information.
Communication Problems - Why haven't I received a reply to my email?
First of all, please do not panic or assume that you are being cheated.
We have been in business since 2002 and have processed many thousands of orders with high overall customer satisfaction.
If you submitted a reasonable request it is very unlikely that we are ignoring it on purpose.
There are several reasons why you might not have yet received a response.
They are listed below along with actions you can take to resolve the problem.
We are Still Working on Your Request
Please make sure you allow a reasonable amount of time for us to reply to your request.
We reply to requests as quickly as possible and what is reasonable will vary depending on your question and when it is submitted.
In general you should allow 1 business day for us to reply.
Some questions may require communication within the company and/or with our partners which may delay our response to you.
To accelerate response times please make sure that you have reviewed all emails we've sent as well as information in our Help Center and use the appropriate forms or email addresses to submit your question.
We Replied, but You Did Not Receive Our Response
While email communication is typically reliable and efficient it is not uncommon for messages to be delayed or even not delivered at all.
It is also possible for messages to arrive and be placed in a special folder by your email software or third party spam filtering software installed on your computer or network.
Be sure to check your settings for Spam or Junk Email to make sure that our email is allowed to get through.
Also, check your Spam, Junk Email, and Deleted folders to make sure a message from us was not mistakenly placed there by your software.
It is possible for email to be marked as Junk mail even before it gets to your Inbox.
In this case you will never receive the message despite the fact that we've sent it.
To determine if our email is being blocked somewhere please request an electronic invoice.
You can do this even if you do not have an order number.
You should receive an automated response within a few hours.
If you do not receive a response it is likely that emails from us are not getting through to you.
To solve the problem please check your Junk mail settings, try emailing us from different email addresses, or communicate with us by fax.
IMPORTANT: When contacting us again please include previous communication if possible and make clear that you are trying to make sure that we are receiving your requests.
Be sure to let us know if you completed the electronic invoice request and received a response.
We will get back to you as soon as we can to confirm that we have received your question.
We Did Not Receive Your Request
It is possible for us to not receive your request for the same reasons that you might not receive our response (see above).
We use reliable email providers and appropriate spam settings to minimize lost and misdirected email.
However, email might still be lost or blocked outside of our systems and never get to us.
The solution to this problem is the same as above.
First, request an electronic invoice and see if you get a response.
If not, try emailing us from a different email address or communicate with us by fax. Please be clear that you are trying to establish whether we actually received your question.
Your Request May Be Misdirected or Already Answered
Before submitting a question please make sure that you review any confirmation emails you've received, our Help Center, and our Policies.
These sources of information answer nearly all questions and provide access to appropriate forms and contacts to properly direct your request.
When forms are used they specify approximate time required to process each request as well as instances when you might not receive a response (though we will read and file your request).
While we do our best to reply to all legitimate requests, questions that have already been answered in previous communication or above sources will receive lowest priority and it may take you much longer to receive a response.
In addition, you might simply receive a link to the appropriate page as a response.
Contact Us
If your question was not answered in our Help Center please contact us by email:
Sales:
sales@calculatorsource.com
Customer Service:
custserv@calculatorsource.com
Returns:
returns@calculatorsource.com
Billing:
billing@calculatorsource.com
Suggestions:
suggest@calculatorsource.com
Product Help:
Post Question to
Calculator Answers
Have you emailed us, but have not received a response?
Although electronic communication is preferred and will lead to fastest response you may also contact us by:
Mail or Fax:
CalculatorSource
P.O. Box 22234
San Francisco, CA 94122
(866) 242-0083 (fax only)
Mailing a Payment? Please remember to make all payments out to 'intelliHoldings'.
Sonin Calcu-Tape Plus 5 in 1 Measuring Tool - Tape, Calculator, Level, Write-On Strip, and Angle FinderVictor 600 Stand-Up World Time Clock with 10-Digit Calculator and 2" x 2" DisplayCalculated Industries ProjectCalc Plus 8525 - Home Improvement Calculator for Do-It-YourselfersCalculated Industries Pocket Real Estate Master 3400 - Portable Easy-to-Use Loan CalculatorCheckmaster Checkbook CalculatorSharp EL344RB Dual-Power 10-Digit Metric Conversion Wallet CalculatorCanon KC-30 Basic Battery Keychain Mini CalculatorVictor USB Mobile Keypad and Handheld CalculatorMagazines - Huge Selection at Guaranteed Best Prices!Stokes Publishing Hall Pass TimerCanon WS-1400H 14-Digit Dual Power Display CalculatorCalculated Industries Scale Master Classic 6020 - Digital Blueprint Take-Off ToolSonin DT-110 InchMate Plus - Foot-Inch-Fraction Plus Triangle CalculatorTexas Instruments TI Voyage 200 Personal Learning ToolQuickGrader Patented Grade Averaging Calculator for TeachersStokes Publishing TeachTimer - Time Management ToolCalculated Industries Time Master II 9130 - Time Calculator for Pilots, Accounting, Broadcasting, AthleticsStokes Publishing ApotheCalc Apothecary CalculatorHewlett Packard HP-33S RPN and Algebraic 2-Line Scientific CalculatorpowerOne Graph - Graphing Calculator for Palm Pilot - Replaces TI-83 or HP-48GPromotion/ImprintTexas Instruments TI KeyboardCalculator BatteriesCheckmaster Credit Card Size Checkbook CalculatorHewlett Packard HP-50G RPN and Algebraic Graphing CalculatorGames and ManipulativesHewlett Packard HP-17BII Calculator ManualMonroe 2020 Plus X 12-Digit 4.1 LPS Medium Duty Printing Calculator (Black)Waterproof Cases for Calculators, Phones, PDAs, and Other DevicesMathU - Advanced Scientific and Financial RPN Calculator for Palm PilotReplacement Calculator Parts and Power AdaptersCalculated Industries Ultra Measure Master 8025 - Most Complete, Easy-to-Use Metric Conversion CalculatorPrinting Supplies for Calculators and PrintersJobber 6 Advanced Trigonometric Construction Calculator w/ 0-15 KeysSell/BuybackTexas Instruments TI-84 Plus Silver Viewscreen Overhead Projection KitStokes Publishing MyChron Individual Student Timer 6-packCalculated Industries KitchenCalc 8300 - Recipe Scaling CalculatorVictor 1260-3 12-Digit 4.1 LPS Printing Calculator2000 Series Waterproof and Crushproof Case - Perfect for Calculators!Superthin Page Marker Checkbook CalculatorUsed CalculatorsTexas Instruments TI-12 Math Explorer Solar Calculator (Used)Calculated Industries Qualifier Plus IIIx 3415 - World's Best Real Estate Qualifying CalculatorBasic Solar True Credit Card Size Calculator - Just 2mm Thick!Electronic Distance Measuring Tools1-Step Instant Metric Magic™ - The World's Easiest To Use Metric Conversion Calculator!Royal CBC2000 Checkbook CalculatorCalculator Stands and Pads