http://www.anglersall.com/privacy-policy
Home - Privacy Policy | Anglers All
Anglers All Privacy PoliciesAnglers All respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Policy ("Policy") to describe the personal information that is collected when you sign up to become an Anglers All member, shop in our store, use our websites or other products or services, or when you otherwise interact with us. In addition to this Policy, for certain special offers, areas of our website, or certain services or activities, we may supply different or additional personal information practices and terms specific to those programs.By using our site, becoming an Anglers All member, using our other products or services, or otherwise providing information to us, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.Scope of This Privacy PolicyThis Policy applies to personally identifiable personal information, or "personal information," that we collect when you sign up to become a member, shop in our store, visit any of our websites (collectively, the "site"), or use or access our other products or services. It also applies to personal information we collect when you otherwise interact with us, such as when you make a payment, place an order, sign up for an activity, or contact customer service. This Policy also applies to personal information that we may receive from our partners and third-party sources.Personal InformationPersonal information under this Policy is personal information that we directly associate with a specific person such as the person's name, address, phone or fax number, email address, account information (e.g., member account, credit card information and online registration), online activities or other specific personal information. Because of the broad range of services and product offerings at Anglers All, we collect other very specific personal information. For instance, on the membership application, we may collect age or date and year of birth and the number of children in your family.Collection of Personal InformationWe collect personal information about you in the normal course of our business when you shop at our store or on our site or when you use our services or otherwise interact with us. Various ways in which we may obtain personal information from you are described below.Personal Information You Provide. We collect personal information that varies with your purchases, interests, and activities and what you chose to provide to us. We collect personal information when you sign up for, purchase, or use our products or services, when you sign up to become a member, or when you email, call or otherwise communicate with us. For example, we collect personal information about you and your family on our membership application and when you sign up for Anglers All Travel or Anglers All School. You may submit personal information with a job application or in your resume that you provide as part of an employment application process. We also collect personal information when you call or email our customer service representatives, when you pay for a service, or when you contact us about a product or service you have previously purchased. In some cases, the personal information we ask you to provide will be mandatory for purposes of participating in a particular activity or service. If you do not provide this personal information, your participation may be limited or prohibited.Automatically Collected Personal Information. We receive certain types of personal information automatically whenever you use our services. For example, when your web browser accesses our site, we obtain certain types of personal information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, and the page you visited before visiting our site.Our Use of Personal InformationWe use the personal information we collect for a variety of purposes; for example, to provide products or services, process and complete transactions, ship or otherwise deliver goods or services, respond to requests, make internal business decisions, evaluate available offers and make decisions about services offered, protect our rights or property, create products and services, anticipate and resolve actual or potential problems with our products and services, and inform you of Anglers All products, services and offers that we believe you will find of interest.Below are some additional, more specific examples of how we use personal information:We use your name and postal address to provide our printed catalog and other materials via the mail. Anglers All sends emails about news, clinics and events, membership promotions and general promotions.We use your billing and credit card personal information to process your orders for products and services, to deliver products and services to you, and to bill you for them.We may use your personal information to verify and validate your identity.If you submit a job application or resume to us, we may use the personal information in the application or resume to communicate with you and, subject to laws and regulations that govern our consideration of that personal information, to evaluate your qualifications for employment.We may aggregate information about your activities and services to help us determine your potential interest in other products or services.For marketing and similar purposes, we may use personal information to offer products and services from us or others. We also offer opt out choices, which you may access by clicking on the link.Although our site is intended primarily for U.S. users, we offer outdoor experiences and other events that take place in other countries and, in a global economy, we do not conduct every aspect of our business in just one country. We may transfer personal information about you worldwide in any manner consistent with this Policy.We keep information as a record of our interactions with you. If you place an order or otherwise deal with us or our representatives over the telephone, we may record the conversation. Personal information referenced in the call may be recorded or entered into another media (e.g., a computer). We may also keep logs of online chat and emails we receive from you.We may provide notice of unauthorized access or other invasions of certain security systems, as required by law or otherwise. We may do so by posting notice on our site or sending notice to any email address we have for you, or by other means. You understand that notice to you will count as notice to others using your account or membership and you agree to pass this notice on to them.We may use personal information about you in an attempt to do any or all of these kinds of things: (i) prevent or investigate fraud, crimes, unauthorized use of personal information or the site, or economic or personal harm to anyone (including Anglers All); (ii) facilitate product recalls; and (iii) to investigate, protect, defend, or enforce rights and property of Anglers All or anyone else. In listing these types of actions where we may use personal information, we are not promising to take any such action and we will take or not take such action in our sole discretion. It is impossible to list every lawful use that we might make of personal information and the above examples are not intended to do so - they are only a general description and are for illustration.