https://www.pennstateind.com/store/help_section.html
*Free Shipping: Receive FREE ground shipping on your merchandise order of $49 or more on qualifying, in stock products** (excluding taxes) made at pennstateind.com. Offer ends 12/14/20 at 11:00AM EST. Offer redeemable for online purchases only. Offer not valid for prior purchases, mail orders or phone orders. Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotions, discounts or offers. Offer only applies to ground shipping in the contiguous 48 states. Offer not valid for Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands or for international orders including Canada and Mexico. Additional shipping charges apply for express shipping.
**Overstock Sale: Available on-line only for specified, in-stock products. Not valid for mail or phone orders. 30% discount is automatically applied at checkout – no Coupon Code needed. This offer cannot be applied to previous or pending. Promotion applies to orders before shipping & sales tax. Penn State Industries reserves the right to cancel any order due to unauthorized, altered or ineligible use of discount. Penn State Industries reserves the right to alter any order if inventory becomes unavailable. Offer ends 12/14/20 at 11:00AM EST
My Account
Sign In
Order Tracking
Order History
Wish List
My Reorder List
Live Chat
Free Catalog
Product Instructions
Interactive Catalog
New Arrivals
Pen Design Studio
Search ...
Need Help? 1-800-377-7297
0
PEN KITS
Bolt Action Pen Kits
Slimline Pen Kits
Starter Pen Kit Packages
Bundles & Variety Packs
Majestic Pen Kits
Gatsby Pen Kits
Bullet Cartridge Pen Kits
Firefighter Pen Kits
Designer Pen Kits
Dog Pen Kits
Shop All Pen Kits
PROJECT KITS
Bottle Stopper Kits
Peppermill Kits
Shaving Kits
Miscellaneous Kits
Seam Ripper Kits
Bottle Opener Kits
Keychain Kits
Cutlery Kits
Tool Making Kits
Crochet Hook Kits
Shop All Turning Project Kits
PEN TURNING SUPPLIES
Mandrels
Finishing
Boxes
Barrel trimming system
Components
Assembly and Disassembly
Boxes, Cases and Displays
Bands, Clips and Caps
Tubes
Bushings
Trimming and Cutting
Shop All Pen Turning Supplies
BLANKS
Pen Blanks
Bottle Stopper Blanks
Bowl Blanks
Game Call Blanks
Spindle Blanks
Vanity & Peppermill Blanks
Shop All Blanks
MINI LATHES
Midi Lathes
Starter Sets
Lathe Duplicator Attachments
Lathe Mounted Fluting Guides
10" Swing
12" Swing
Shop All Midi Lathes
LATHE ACCESSORIES
Woodturning Tools
Chucks
Barracuda 4 Jaw Chucks
Economy 3 & 4 Jaw Chucks
Lathe Chisel Sets
Carbide Magic
Tool Rests
Assorted Lathe Accessories
Drive Centers
Spindle Adapters
Tailstock Live Centers
Shop All Lathe Accessories
BEGINNERS GUIDE
SPECIALS
Pen Kits
Turning Project Kits
Pen Turning Supplies
Pen and Turning Blanks
Midi Lathes
Lathe Accessories
New Products
Shop All Specials
ORDER BY ITEM#
To order, enter an item number in a field below, enter a quantity, and then click the "Add to Cart" button.
Add to Cart
Pen Kits
Turning Project Kits
Pen Turning Supplies
Pen & Turning Blanks
Mini Lathes
Lathe Accessories
More Ways to Shop
Specials
Current Promotions
New Products
Best Sellers
Customer Photo Gallery
Shop Interactive Catalog
New to Pen Turning?
Help Center
Contact Us
Phone, Mail and E-mail Technical & Product Support
Shopping Online
Privacy Policy Using our Search Engine How To Order Online Out of Stock and Discontinued Items Shopping our Interactive Online Catalog Changing or Modifying Your Order Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions
My Account
Creating an Account Log Into Your Online Account
Catalog and Email Services
Request Penn State Industries Catalogs Discontinue Penn State Industries Catalog Mailings Update Your Catalog Mailing Address Subscribe to Penn State Industries E-mail List Unsubscribe from the Penn State Industries Email List Update Your E-mail Address
The Penn State Industries Satisfaction Guarantee
30 Day Satisfaction Guarantee - No Questions Asked Lifetime Guarantee On Plated Components 100% No-Risk Pen Blank Guarantee Warranty Policy on PSI Woodworking Products
Easy Returns
Easy Returns Product Safety Recalls
Penn State Industries Corporate Information
About Penn State Industries Our Retail Store
Track Your Order
How To Locate and Track Your Order Questions About the Status of Your Order?
International Orders
Placing an Order from Outside the Continental U.S.
Product Review FAQs
How to submit a product review
Download Library of Instructions and Product Manuals
View PSI product manuals and instructions
How To Redeem On-Line Gift Cards and Coupon Codes
How to redeem on-line gift cards How to use coupon codes
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping Policies Explanation of Shipping Options International Shipping
Articles
Avoid the burn, trim slowly Crosscutting Barrels Make Wooden Handles Marketing Your Work Sand this way and that Cast Your Own Pen Blanks to Make Beautiful Resin Pens How to avoid pen barrel blowouts Indent That Center point Quit Guessing Grits Is it round yet Barry Gross's Techniques for Making an Acrylic pen How to make a bottle stopper What is the dfference between Ballpoint, Rollerball and Fountain Pen kits. How to make a Cabochon inlay The 3 symptoms of bad barrel trimming and how to fix or avoid them 3 Tricks to make glue work for you How to use a potato to keep glue in its place Make an Inexpensive Threaded Headstock How to use a wrench or wood caliper to check the diameter How to cut your pen blank with a table saw sled thin-kerf blade combination An Easy Way to Take Measurements at Your Lathe Make a Tool and Supply Tray for your Lathe Bed Working around blowout Is your Turning Tool Not Sliding Smoothly? How to Fix How to save your mandrels with equal pressure Know Your Viscosity at a Glance How to build a simple jig to cut pen blanks to length How to stop splatter Washer does double duty How to stop bending your mandrel How to Make a Watch Parts Pen Blank By Barry Gross 7 Steps to making a Pool Cue Kit on your Midi Lathe
Woodworkers Showroom
MY ACCOUNT
Account Settings Order History My Reorder List Wish List Email Preferences Order Tracking
SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE
Satisfaction Guarantee About Us Privacy Policy Return Policy Instructions & Manuals Customer Photo Gallery
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us Help My Account Track Order Shipping Product Recalls Accessibility
CATALOG
Free Catalog Shop Interactive Catalog Catalog Quick Order Read & Write Reviews Browse all Categories Product Instructions
SIGN UP FOR EMAILS Sign up for Penn State Industries emails and be the first to hear about sales, exclusive offers, and more! By signing up you have read and agree to the terms of Penn State Industries Privacy Policy
Online prices and selection generally match our online catalog, but may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © Penn State Industries. All Rights Reserved.