http://www.professionaluniform.com/about-us-privacy/
Home
Categories
New Styles
Scrubs & Uniforms
Excel 4-Way Stretch Scrubs
4-Way Stretch Pants
4-Way Stretch Tops
4-Way Stretch Jackets
Body Flex Scrubs
Body Flex Pants
Body Flex Tops
Scrub Top Separates
PRO Brand Tops
Excel Brand Tops
Scrub Pant Separates
PRO Brand Pants
Excel Brand Pants
Mens & Unisex Scrubs
Mens & Unisex Pants
Mens & Unisex Tops
Lab Coats & Jackets
Womens Lab Coats & Jackets
Mens Lab Coats & Jackets
Clearance
OUTLET | Up to 60% Off
Sale | Scrub Sets
Accessories
Badge Tab
Disposable Face Masks
Nurse Accessory Organizer Belt
Pen Lights
Safety Eye Wear
Socks
Stethoscopes & Blood Pressure Cuffs
Nursing Watches
Information
Retail Partners
Wholesale Inquiries
View Our Brochure
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Returns
About Us / Privacy
Charities
Sizing Chart
Bulk & Wholesale
Contact Us / Directions
HomeAbout Us / Privacy
About Us / Privacy
Professional Choice Uniform was started in 1989 by Richard Grant.  Our goals are to provide quality, comfortable, affordable scrubs at a value price.  We have an outstanding record of great customer Service with Honesty and Integrity.  We are the oldest scrub uniform company in British Columbia and the largest distributor of scrubs in Western Canada.  We are committed to providing all of our customers the best possible value and selection of uniforms.  Thank you for your business over the years and your continued support.
Our Mission Statement:Value has been the guiding principle of our company.  We understand how hard you work, and we want your dollar to go as far as possible.Service is something we pride ourself on.  Whether you have a question, a problem, or just need to talk to us about something - We will always listen to what you say.  Our team prides themselves on being able to offer suggestions, and consult based on your wants and needs.Customers are the foundation of our company!  We value all of our customers and strive to make scrub shopping as simple as possible. Selection of products is very important to our customers, and we try to maintain the best options of fabrics, styles, and colours to follow the trends and changes in the industry.Comfort is fundamental for any apparel company, especially uniforms!  Our selection of fabrics and styles are chosen to meet the needs of healthcare professionals who spend most of their day in a uniform.
What is your privacy policy? Professional Choice Uniform Inc is committed to our visitors and to protecting their privacy.  We value our visitors and endeavor to create an enjoyable and simple experience when visiting our network of sites.  The following Privacy Policy applies to all visitors to the Professional Choice Uniform Inc network of sites, and to all referrals made by our visitors.How do we use customer information? We use the information we collect from you to process your orders and to email you special promotional offers and discounts from Professional Choice Uniform Inc.  We will never share your personal information with any third party.Customer Protection Professional Choice Uniform Inc takes all measures to provide a safe environment with security procedures in place to ensure proper storage and careful retrieval of information, so that nothing improper happens to your personal information while under our control.What we do with your information? Your privacy is a very sensitive subject for us and we take it very seriously.  So our privacy policy is simple: we will never sell, barter, give away, or rent your personal information to any third party outside of Professional Choice Uniform Inc. and its properties. Your Consent By using our Web site and submitting your information to the Professional Choice Uniform Inc network, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Professional Choice Uniform Inc.   If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.  If you are not comfortable with any of the changes to our Privacy Policy, you will have the opportunity of removing your information from our network at any time.
Copyright Information
The Excel and Accuflex logos are a registerered trademark of Professional Choice Uniform Corporation / MD Marque depose de Professional Uniform Corporation.
"Silky Soft" & "Silky Soft Scrubs" are a registerered trademark of Professional Choice Uniform Corporation / MD Marque depose de Professional Uniform Corporation.
The "PRO" logo is a registerered trademark of Professional Choice Uniform Corporation / MD Marque depose de Professional Uniform Corporation.
Back to Top