http://www.htfr.com/pages/content/terms.php
Login
Register
Wishlist
About Us
Select your local currency
Just In
Featured VinylSee all...
INNER CITY DO YOU LOVE WHAT YOU FEEL TEN 1989UK 12" £4.99
D-KNOX STRING MAJOR E.P. SONIC MIND 2001USA 12" £5.99
THE USED VULNERABLE HOPELESS RECORDS 2012ALBUM(I) £9.99
VARIOUS ARTISTS THANK GOD IT'S FRIDAY (THE ORIGINAL MOTION PICTURE SOUNDTRACK) CASABLANCA 19783 X LP £19.99
THE BEATMASTERS FEATURING BETTY BOO HEY DJ RHYTHM KING RECORDS 1989UK 12" £4.99
SINITTA LOVE & AFFECTION (DNA REMIX) FANFARE RECORDS 1990UK 12" £5.99
THE INCREDIBLE KRAZE LET ME LOVE YOU WEST 2 RECORDINGS 1997UK(P) £5.99
JK25 LET IT ALL HANG OUT '90 MCA 1990UK 12" £5.99
CHAMPAGNE DIVINE INSPIRATION BONAFIDE 2005UK(P) £4.99
Vinyl Genres
Browse Vinyl & CD Genres See all...
House
Electro House
Funky House
Tech House
USA House & Garage
Progressive House
Deep House
French House
Tribal House
Techno
Detroit Techno
Acid House
Breakbeat
Electronica
Electro & Breakdance
Balearic & Ibiza
Downtempo & Chillout
Jazz
Drum & Bass
Dubstep
Garage
Speed Garage
Scouse House
European House
Reggae & Dub
Movie Soundtracks
Mix Tools
Trance
Hard House
Hard Trance
Hardcore
Happy Hardcore
Oldskool Hardcore
Psy Trance
Leftfield & Broken Beats
Latin & Brazilian
Hip Hop & Rap
R & B
Soul
Funk
Disco
Hi-NRG
Pop
Rock
Indie Dance
Browse Artists
Browse Top Vinyl & CD Artists / Groups See all...
A Guy Called Gerald
Altern 8
Armin Van Buuren
Blake Baxter
Bobby & Steve
Carl Cox
CJ Bolland
Depeche Mode
DJ Hell
DJ Tiesto
Donna Summer
Eddie Halliwell
Eminem
ESG
Fatboy Slim
Ferry Corsten
Graeme Park
Inner City
International DJ Gigolos
Jamiroquai
Kele Le Roc
Ken Ishii
Kenny Ken
Little Louie Vega
Madonna
Michael Jackson
MJ Cole
Model 500
New Order
Nina Simone
Pacha
Paradise Lost
Pet Shop Boys
Prince
Pryda
Rhythim Is Rhythim
Run DMC
Slip 'n' Slide
Slipmatt
Sneaker Pimps
Steve Spacek
The Prodigy
Todd Terry
Total Science
XTC
Browse Label
Browse Top Vinyl & CD Record Labels See all...
Azuli
Bedrock
Big Life
Big Love
Blanco Y Negro
BMG
Bonzai
Bush
Capitol
Casablanca
CBS
Champion
Data
Deconstruction
Defected
Deprivation
Epic
FFRR
Full Cycle
Hooj
Island
Junior
Kickin
King Street
Manifesto
Mercury
Ministry Of Sound
Mo Wax
Motown
Mousetrap
Mouseville
Network
New State
Nukleuz
Polydor
Positiva
Pryda
Skint
Sony
Subliminal
Tidy Trax
Tsunami
Universal
Virgin
XL
Browse Formats
Browse Vinyl & CD Formats See all...
Acetate 12"
Australian 12"
Austrian 12"
Belgium 12"
Canadian 12"
CD Single
CD Six Pack
CD Triple Pack
Compact Disc
Double Album
Double Compact Disc
Dutch 12"
Dutch Promo 12"
Four Album Pack
French 12"
French Promo 12"
German 12"
German Double 12"
German Promo 12"
Import Album
Import CD
Import Double Album
Import Double CD
Italian 12"
Italian Double 12"
Jamaican 7"
Jamaican 12"
Spanish 12"
Swedish 12"
Swiss 12"
Three Album Pack
UK 10"
UK 12"
UK 7"
UK Double 12"
UK Double Promo 12"
UK Promo 10"
UK Promo 12"
UK Test Pressing
US 7"
US Double 12"
US Double Promo 12"
US Import 12"
US Promo 12"
Vinyl Album
Audio Equipment
Home|About HTFR
|
Terms &AMP Conditions
> About HTFR
> Privacy Policy
> Terms & Conditions
> How Do I Order?
> How Do I Pay?
> How Do I Contact HTFR?
> How Do I Sell Vinyl to HTFR?
> Returning An Item
> FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Every order placed with us is subject to our Terms and Conditions, please read them carefully.
1. Contact Details
We are a Limited Company registered in England and Wales.
Our company address is:
Hard To Find Records
28 Hall Street,
Birmingham,
B18 6BS
Telephone: 08456-803 406
If you wish to contact us please use our
contact us page
2. Purchasing From Us
By placing an order with Hard To Find Records, you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions of sale:
We are unable to process your order until your payment has been received or your payment card has been authorised.
By submitting your order, you are offering to buy the goods, and allowing us to use your personal details for the purposes of supplying those goods (including passing your personal details onto couriers and
other subcontractors). Personal details can be removed from our system by written request, please also see our
privacy policy page
We never debit your payment card for items not in stock and your card is only charged when your order is ready for despatch. This does not extend to payments sent via PayPal, bank transfer, cheque, cash and postal order
due to their nature. No goods or title of the goods shall pass from us to the customer until payment has been received in full.
Customers are responsible for the suitability of the goods they are purchasing. If any product supplied is not used for its intended purpose, subjected to abuse or unreasonable usage it may void the warranty on the goods.
Customers may use our currency converter as an estimate only. Please contact your bank, PayPal or your card issuer for their exact exchange rate and/or any other charges.
We do not reserve any items at any time as it is unfair to other customers.
We make every effort to ensure the vinyl, CDs and hardware products we supply are of the highest quality, reach you in good condition, and are delivered promptly.
All hardware products are brand new, unless clearly stated.
If for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase, or the service you have received from us, please use our
contact us page
Orders placed over the Internet can only be processed in pounds sterling.
We reserve the right to cancel any order if we suspect it may be fraudulent.
3. Vinyl Records & CDs
Due to the nature of second hand records and CDs, some items may contain wear, such as surface scratches or less than brand new covers. However, this should not affect the playability of the record.
All vinyl records and CDs are a mixture of new stock and second-hand but all are fully guaranteed.
Please note, we do not grade the condition of sleeves. Our grading system is an indication of the vinyl only.
4. Availability Of Goods
We go to great lengths to ensure that everything shown to be in stock on our website is actually in stock. However, due to the nature of our business, dealing in a huge selection of records it is inevitable that
some of our vinyl can go out of stock very quickly. We stock over 1,000,000 items and sadly it is impossible to keep all items in stock all the time.
All items are sold on a first come, first served basis so that all customers are treated fairly. Unlike most of our competitors our website is updated every minute or sooner with the latest products and stock availability.
In the unlikely event that a part of your order is out of stock when we are picking it out, we will ship everything that is in stock.
In the unlikely event that an ordered hardware product is out of stock, a carefully selected upgrade or replacement may be offered or perhaps sent if we think this will be beneficial to you.
If an ordered hardware product is not in stock and no
suitable alternative is available at the time of picking, or we do not think a replacement will be beneficial to you, your order will be dealt with as per the terms regarding back orders.
5. Back Orders
If an item is out of stock and a credit / debit / charge card has been used to place the order, we will automatically make you a back order. If the goods return into stock within 12 weeks, they will be sent straight out with no additional shipping charges, only a small handling charge.
However, after the 12 week period we will notify you by email when the goods return to stock. You must then re-order the goods by placing a fresh order.
You may cancel your back order at any time at no cost and with no penalty by contacting us via phone or email. As with all orders, you will only be charged when items are ready to be despatched unless you have paid via Paypal, bank transfer, cheque, cash or postal order due to their nature.
Please note, if you do not cancel your back orders, they will remain an on-going order with us. An order should not be considered cancelled until you receive confirmation of the cancellation in writing from us.
All back orders will be shipped to you via our Silver or Gold delivery methods (whichever the item requires). Backorders will be sent to the delivery address selected at the time the order was submitted.
Customers who have not paid by credit / debit / charge card will be notified by email when the item becomes available again. It is the customerï¿½s responsibility to place a fresh order for the item. This email notification service is free and there is no obligation to purchase the item.
6. Cancellations
You may cancel any order before it has been shipped. Once your order has been shipped, our returns policy will come into affect. More information on our returns policy can be found here. Regardless of how you contact us, for your order to be officially cancelled you must receive confirmation of the cancellation in writing from us.
7. Product Descriptions
Some of the products we sell are of a technical nature. Unfortunately, it is not practical to publish detailed specifications for all the goods and maintain up to date specifications. Thus all drawings, photographs, descriptions, specifications and advertising are for the sole purpose of providing illustrations and approximate descriptions only. A more detailed explanation can be provided on request via the
contact us page
Please note, all our descriptions are based on our own independent product testing and is opinion only.
Unless we are specifically asked about requirements or compatibility, we shall assume the customer already has this knowledge.
Manufacturers of the products we sell reserve the right to amend their product specifications without prior notice.
8. Product Guarantees
Products are not supplied on a trial basis.
All hardware products are covered by their respective manufacturer's warranties.
Warranty details and length are usually included with the product. These will be for a minimum of 12 months.
Exceptions to this guarantee can be products that degrade with use (e.g. stylus), consumables (e.g. vinyl cleaning fluid) and recordable media (e.g. reading material & music). Guarantees may not apply in cases where the product has undergone professional use or has been neglected.
Please see our Returns Policy page for further information on product guarantees.
9. Prices
We reserve the right to amend our prices without prior notice. All customers with outstanding orders will be notified of any change in prices before their order is charged and despatched.
All orders are accepted subject to availability of stock at the time of picking the order.
Prices are correct at the time of publication or upload to our website.
We are not obliged to supply goods to you until we have confirmed acceptance of your order. The acknowledgement email you may receive does not constitute order confirmation, or acceptance.
10. Discount Vouchers
From time to time we will supply our customers with special discount vouchers and special offer promotions. These discounts will be available to use on the majority of our products. Certain products may be excluded; this information is available on request at the time of the promotion.
We reserve the right to withdraw any offer or discount at any time.
11. Shipping
All records are mailed in strong cardboard envelopes. All other orders are shipped in appropriate strong packaging. Unfortunately, due to customs regulations we are unable to ship any liquids or aerosols to overseas addresses.
Any tracking information will be available on the despatch email we send you when your order leaves our warehouse.
We advise you to ensure somebody is present at the delivery address since some items may require a signature upon delivery. Once goods are delivered and signed for they become your responsibility.
We reserve the right to alter the shipping option of an order in the case of certain items not being in stock. This will only be implemented on rare occasions to save you money on postage charges.
All shipments are insured and you will be compensated in cases of loss or damage.
12. Shipping Times
Our orders are shipped and handled by third party couriers, therefore all delivery dates and times given are only estimates.
We endeavour to get your order to you within the estimated delivery time, however, on rare occasions the delivery may be delayed. We therefore cannot be held responsible for any consequential losses you may suffer if the delivery is not on time.
13. Shipping - UK Customers
In the unlikely event that your goods do not arrive within 7 days of despatch, please call or email us to confirm your order has been shipped and that we have your correct delivery address.
Most orders will arrive within the estimated delivery time. However, please allow up to 14 working days during busy periods (e.g. Christmas).
Please be aware, Royal Mailï¿½s terms state parcels can not be declared lost in post until 15 days have elapsed from the shipping date. This may vary with other couriers. We cannot offer you any remuneration until the 3rd party shipper declares the parcel has officially been lost or damaged.
To qualify for next day delivery when selecting Platinum shipping, we request customers place the order before 3:30pm GMT. Any orders placed after that time may not arrive the following working day.
14. Shipping - Overseas Customers
Shipping charges are automatically calculated on the shopping basket screen. If you are not a UK customer, please ensure you have correctly selected your intended shipping location in the basket screen.
In the unlikely event that your goods do not arrive within the estimated time, please contact us to confirm your order has been shipped and that we have your correct delivery address.
Please be aware, Royal Mailï¿½s terms state parcels can not be declared lost in post until 29 days have elapsed from the shipping date. This may vary with other couriers. We cannot offer you any remuneration until the 3rd party shipper declares the parcel has officially been lost or damaged.
15. Shipping Charges
Charges will be calculated on our website for online orders or quoted by telephone when ordering. We reserve the right to amend our shipping prices at any time.
If your order is returned to us undelivered, you may be held responsible for additional shipping charges.
16. Import Duty & Taxes
It is your responsibility as the customer to research prior to purchase and pay all applicable customs fees and taxes for your country. If you refuse to pay these charges then your order may be abandoned and you will lose your goods as well as your money. These taxes are only applicable for non UK and non European Union countries.
17. Distant Selling: Year 2000 Regulations
This regulation only covers countries that are member states of the EU. If you are ordering from a member state of the EU other than the UK please check you countries regulations on Distance Selling as this may vary. If you are ordering from a country that is outside of the member states of the EU this regulation is not applicable, but we will do our best to adhere to these guidelines.
You have the right to return any item ordered via this website for no reason and without penalty for a refund. This excludes consumables, worn items (e.g. stylus) and recordable media (e.g. reading material & music). For more details, please also refer to our Returns Policy page
To return an unwanted order, you must give us notice within 7 working days of delivery. You must
notify us and receive confirmation before returning any product for any reason.
If you are returning an item as unwanted or unsuitable under Distance Selling, you are responsible for the return shipping costs.
For more information on our returns terms please see our Returns Policy page.
18. Credit / Debit / Charge Cards
We do not collect or capture ANY of your financial data.
Credit, debit and charge cards are accepted without surcharge.
When we receive your order, your payment will be pre-authorised with your bank. The pre-authorisation process locks funds in your account for up to 7 days. We will then charge out of these pre-authorised funds. We only charge your card when your order is ready to be shipped.
We reserve the right to deliver any order to the cardholders billing address in the interests of protecting both the card holder and this company against card fraud.
Orders not sent to the card registered address are sent at the customerï¿½s liability due to the higher risk of card fraud and the increased risk of a third party obtaining your order.
When placing orders via the Internet, you must only use credit / debit / charge cards that are in your name. The use of stolen credit cards will result in a police notification and court action in all cases.
19. If Your Card Payment Declines
Should your card payment be declined at the time of charging, you will be notified by email, phone or letter. All products will be returned to stock and will therefore be available for purchase. Subsequently, it will be your responsibility to resolve the issue and repurchase these the items if they are still available.
20. Cheques
Personal or business cheques are welcomed but clearance is required prior to order shipping. This can take up to 10 working days from when we receive the cheque. Unfortunately, we are unable to reserve items whilst waiting for cheque clearance.
Please be aware that we only accept UK cheques.
IMPORTANT: Please ensure that you have written your full name and address on the back of the cheque together with your customer ID number (if applicable).
21. Bankers Drafts, Building Society Cheques, Postal Orders, Cash, PayPal & Direct Money Transfers
The above payment methods are acceptable and should clear immediately upon receipt.
We accept cash but recommend it is sent by insured delivery. We accept UK Pound Sterling, Euros, American Dollars, Canadian Dollars, and Australian Dollars.
We can not be held liable for any money lost in the post.
It is your responsibility to ensure it reaches us safely. Please do not send coins.
You may also transfer funds (or pay cash) directly into our bank account.
More information on all of our accepted payment methods can be found on our How To Pay page
In some cases, PayPal payments may require time to clear (e.g. PayPal eCheques). The order will not be shipped until the payment has cleared.
Please be aware that we are unable to reserve stock while waiting for payment or clearance of payment.
Our Buying Terms & Conditions
1. General Conditions
The item(s) you wish to sell to us must exactly match to the list you create. Any items that do not exactly match will be priced to Market Value.
Market Value items will be inspected by our buying team and priced accordingly. The typical price for any Market Value item will be ï¿½0.05 per unit.
All vinyl & CDs are checked by our buying team. Hard To Find Records will not make payment for any product delivered in the following condition:
Missing discs.
Cover / sleeve notes not matching disc.
Partial sleeves or missing sleeves.
Disc or sleeve not in saleable condition (e.g. disc is cracked or very badly scratched or the cover / sleeve notes are water damaged or torn).
The product is 'non original' in any way. We do not purchase any counterfeit or bootleg discs.
Customers do not have the right to withdraw from a transaction once we have received your items in our warehouse. At that point your transaction is final. Your statutory rights are not affected.
You must be the legal owner or have permission of the owner to sell your items to Hard To Find Records.
With regards to any disc of which you have 3 or more copies, please can you email our buying team at buying@htfr.com
Hard To Find Records reserve the right to cancel your sale to us at any time without prior notice.
2. Shipping
Hard To Find Records take no responsibility for damage or loss with regards to items sent to us.
Customers are recommended to get proof of postage and use an insured, traceable shipping method.
Please make sure the discs are appropriately packed. And please ensure that the address label we provide is placed clearly on the outside of the box.
3. Payment
All payments are made by company cheque and will be processed within 7 working days of us receiving the discs.
All payments include VAT at the current UK rate.
Payment is made based on the value offered at the time of transaction only and is subject to all items passing the final inspection.
4. Minimum Quantity Requirement
We will only purchase collections which containing 20+ items or when the total value we are quoting is over ï¿½20.00.
5. Legal
Customers agree and expressly warrant that prior to selling their items they have not ï¿½rippedï¿½, digitally copied or made any other type of illegal copy of the entertainment products. Furthermore, you agree and accept to fully indemnify Hard To Find Records against any potential action(s) whatsoever that may or may not be taken with regard to the sale of their entertainment products. These actions may be in relation to, but not limited to, artist rights, copyright and / or intellectual property that might or may result from the sale of the customerï¿½s entertainment products to Hard To Find Records.
IMPORTANT: We do not purchase any counterfeit or bootleg discs.
ABOUT US:
HTFR is a worldwide mail order store supplying the worlds best selection of Vinyl records.
CONTACT US: (Warehouse only)
HTFR, 28 Hall Street,
Birmingham, B18 6BS Tel: 08456 803 406 (10am - 5pm) sales@htfr.com
All orders subject to our terms & conditions © 2020 HTFR - all rights reserved
USEFUL LINKS:
Our free newsletters
Vinyl we want to buy
FAQs
Returns department
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Terms & conditions
Added to basket:
Continue shopping...
View my basket...
Added to basket:
Continue shopping...
View my wishlist...