http://www.ghilliesuitclothing.com/pages/privacy-policy
CALL US at 888-851-7634
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Ghillie Suits
+
-
Complete Ghillie Suits
Ghillie Ponchos
Ghillie Jackets
Ghillie Pants
3D Leaf Suits
Military Ghillie Suits
Kids Ghillie Suits
Ghillie Kits
Ghillie Accessories
+
-
Rifle Camo
Camo Netting
Head & Face Camo
Outdoors
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
Your information provided is used solely for the purpose of completing your order. Other than providing your shipping information to our manufacturers, your information is not shared to any outside third parties.
Email addresses are used only to communicate with you about your order. If you have signed up for our newsletter, you may receive emails about specials or new products. We may email you valuable coupons in the future if you have opted to receive our newletter or emails.
We offer you one of the safest, easiest, and most convenient online ordering systems on the internet.
We collect information from you when you place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to process transactions and send informational emails. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Conditions of Use
Ghillie Suit Clothing is not liable for any injuries or other that may occur from the wear or use of our products. Jute thread is flammable.
Please avoid open flames, sparks, or other items that could ignite the material. Do not smoke while wearing your suit. Although most suits are coated with a fire retardant, it will eventually need reapplying. If you wash your suit, the fire-retardant will be washed off and will need to be re-applied.
You must be at least 18 years old to order any knife products. You shall be responsible to check all applicable federal, state, and local laws concerning the purchase, ownership, use, and possession of any Products sold to you on the Website.
x