http://www.deepfield.com/about-us/sustainability/conducting-our-business-with-integrity/data-privacy-and-security/
Skip to main content
Deepfield
Network intelligence, analytics and DDoS security
Contact sales
Overview
How it works
Benefits
Insight and analytics
DDoS security
Download the solution overview
Our Deepfield portfolio provides solutions that cover IP network intelligence, analytics and distributed denial of service (DDoS) security. With our Deepfield portfolio, you can obtain unique, real-time network and services insight that can help you improve your network performance and security, and optimize your customer experience for the 5G, cloud and IoT era.
With the Deepfield portfolio you can:
Gain holistic visibility into cloud applications and services that flow into and across your network
Optimize peering, transit and caching to make the most cost-effective use of your network resources
Enhance quality of experience (QoE) for video streaming services
Streamline operations with automatic reports, notifications and triggers that can be integrated into operations and business support systems (OSS/BSS)
Improve the overall security of your network through next-generation DDoS detection and mitigation
The Deepfield portfolio gives you actionable, multi-dimensional insight into cloud and content delivery network (CDN) services and the ways that they relate to your network, services and subscribers. It also provides a toolkit that can help you track and react to network anomalies and security threats in real time.
Gain a holistic view of your network, services and subscribers
Deepfield correlates large data sets, infers “hidden” knowledge about your network, services and subscribers, and makes this knowledge available for you to investigate through customized queries and on-the-fly visualizations. This gives you an un-siloed, holistic view of your network, peering and transit, and all CDN flows.
Deepfield can overlap real-time information collected from your network with the Deepfield Cloud Genome® feed. This gives you full insight into how your network delivers your services (from CDN servers within your network) or internet-based application and content services to your end systems, users and subscribers.
Automate your network and operations
The visibility provided by Deepfield solutions brings you previously unattainable insight into your network, services and subscribers. You can use this insight to drive and automate network performance and security. Your automation options range from creation of automated reports and automatic triggering of notifications that meet certain criteria to further integration with your systems and processes.
Secure your network against DDoS threats and attacks
To combat sophisticated DDoS attacks, you need a more intelligent, cost-effective, scalable and adaptable defense strategy. Our Deepfield security solutions use real-time analytics with intelligence to monitor, recognize and stop DDoS attacks, and provide 360-degree protection both against inbound (external – from the internet) and outbound (internal – from hijacked or malicious devices within your network) threats and attacks.
Download the solution overview
Nokia Deepfield Network Intelligence report
Network traffic insights in the time of COVID-19
Technology
Deepfield Genome Mapping internet traffic and security
All our Deepfield applications use a common software platform for data processing. They can be deployed on-premises, within your network, or you can deploy them as cloud-based (using the software-as-a-service model).
The Deepfield platform ingests data from many different sources within your network, starting with essential IP flow-related data sets (any xflow data), BGP and SNMP. These data sets can be further enhanced with DNS information (from DNSflow), along with other router, network and telemetry data sets such as RADIUS/AAA, IPFIX and gRPC.
The Deepfield platform can also ingest custom data sets from other network and operational domains, including network management, SDN control, OSS/BSS, customer care, support and billing.
We complement the information about your network infrastructure, services, subscribers with intelligence we obtain from the internet in the form of our Deepfield Cloud Genome and Deepfield Secure Genome data sets.
By overlapping the information from your network with the Genome data sets, Deepfield allows you to create correlations between many data sets and data dimensions. This gives you unique and deep insight into your network, peering and transit, services and the ways in which the content is consumed.
Our data processing capabilities extend well into petabyte range, giving you the scalability and robustness you need for the cloud, IoT and 5G era.
What’s unique about our approach?
No DPI probes
Our software-based solutions do not require network appliances, probes or deep packet inspection (DPI) to gain valuable insight from your IP network. They get this insight by collecting and correlating information from the internet and from your network. This approach is well suited to ensuring scalability that extends well into the range of petabytes of data. It results in cost-effective scaling without the need for tedious and expensive network probe or DPI upgrades.
Multi-dimensional insight
We process, correlate, analyze and visualize super-large sets of network- and service-related data. You can get unique insights by creating queries that correlate the data across specific dimensions of data sets, and you can further customize and fine-tune your queries based on specific areas of interest and required levels of detail and granularity.
For example, a query can result in instant output–in the form of sophisticated visualization, formatted data or custom API links–about how internet content is routed from CDN domains across your peering/transit and delivered to your access systems and end-users and subscribers (and how it is split across your subscriber plans).
Real-time visibility
The Deepfield solutions ingest large volumes of data from a variety of sources within your network and combine them with our proprietary Deepfield Cloud Genome and Deepfield Secure Genome data sets. Ingestion, correlation, and processing are performed in real-time, giving you real-time visibility and facilitating agile responses.
Deepfield Cloud Genome
Deepfield Cloud Genome tracks, maps and analyzes billions of internet endpoints to provide a dynamic supply map of the internet. It provides full visibility into how applications and content are delivered from all the sources across the internet to your network and across your network to your subscribers.
Deepfield Secure Genome
Deepfield Secure Genome complements the Deepfield Cloud Genome by maintaining a similar database with up-to-date information on potential DDoS threats and secure and insecure (whitelisted/blacklisted) internet sources, destinations and traffic patterns.
Cost-effective scaling for the cloud, IoT and 5G era
Our Deepfield applications scale to support petabytes of data. You can deploy them seamlessly within your network or as a SaaS in the cloud. There’s no need for expensive network probes, appliances or DPI technology, which is no longer effective because more than 60 percent of all internet traffic is encrypted.
100 percent visibility into your IP traffic flows
Deepfield provides full visibility of all traffic that flows through your network – even when it’s encrypted. You can see traffic related to your own and cached services, and to services delivered through your network from external application and content domains.
Insights into trends though custom reports and visuals
Real-time and historical insights into subscriber, service, traffic and routing trends help you anticipate and plan capacity upgrades and react appropriately. These insights come to you through easy-to-create custom reports (in a variety of formats), highly visual graphs or direct integration to other systems through an API.
Improved video experience
Deepfield provides insights that help you increase customer satisfaction and loyalty by improving QoE for video streaming services. In the era of massive and multiple over-the-top (OTT) subscriptions, this could bring you a significant competitive advantage.
Streamlined operations
You can use the insight obtained through Deepfield to generate real-time reports, trigger notifications and automate mitigation and corrective measures.
Unrivalled DDoS detection and protection
The industry’s most comprehensive, accurate and agile DDoS detection and mitigation solution protects your network from next-generation DDoS threats that continue to grow in volume, frequency and sophistication.
Expandability
You can start with one or a few sets of network intelligence data and expand seamlessly to unleash new realms of multidimensional insight.
Self-defending network
Deepfield Defender and Network Firewall can be deployed with Nokia FP4-enabled edge routers to support advanced, network-based volumetric DDoS protection.
Professional services
Our professional services and global team of experts can help you customize Deepfield solutions to suit your needs and deploy them quickly.
Our Deepfield portfolio provides actionable, multi-dimensional insight into cloud and CDN services and the way they relate to your network, services and subscribers.
This insight can help you:
Optimize your peering, transit and caching to make the most cost-effective use of your network resources
Understand end user and subscriber consumption patterns and use them to support service planning and optimization
Streamline operations with automatic reports, notifications and triggers that can be integrated into operations and business support systems (OSS/BSS)
Understand traffic behavior and optimize QoE
Deepfield Insight and Analytics can give you valuable insight into the aggregate behavior of certain types of network traffic, such as video streaming, which you can use to fine-tune your network so you can deliver the best QoE to your users and subscribers. With aggregate video measurements such as the number of concurrent video streams and average bit rate per video stream, you can compare, benchmark and optimize the delivery of different OTT video streaming services.
Examples of potential applications include:
Improving your Netflix ISP Speed Index ranking
Troubleshooting of OTT video services: monitor QoE to pinpoint and remedy problems before user experience is degraded
Quantifying the impact of network outages and in terms of subscribers and subscriber demographics
Related products
Product
Deepfield Cloud Intelligence
Product
Deepfield Subscriber Intelligence
Product
Deepfield Operational Intelligence
Our Deepfield DDoS security solutions let you use real-time analytics with intelligence to monitor and recognize sophisticated DDoS attacks, and help you achieve 360-degree protection against external attacks (from the internet) and internal attacks (within your network) from hijacked or malicious devices.
The DDoS threat is growing
The volume, frequency and sophistication of DDoS threats and attacks on service provider and enterprise networks are on the rise. These attacks are having a significant impact on service availability and customer experience – in some cases, with measurable monetary losses.
Legacy mitigation techniques can’t keep up
Traditional DDoS mitigation approaches use network probes and appliances and traffic scrubbing centers to isolate (and clean) DDoS traffic. These approaches are no longer appropriate in the era of terabit-scale DDoS attacks: They provide limited (not network-wide) visibility and can’t scale to process large, multi-terabit DDoS attacks.
Real-time insight for 360-degree DDoS protection
Deepfield DDoS security solutions address the new era of DDoS threats and attacks with a new approach to detection and mitigation. This approach is based on big data, real-time analytics for real-time DDoS threat monitoring and detection, and tight integration with the networking infrastructure to enable network-based DDoS protection and mitigation.
Related products
Product
Deepfield Defender
Product
Deepfield Network Firewall
Technology
Deepfield Genome
Learn more
Solution sheet
Nokia Deepfield solution overview
Solution
Insight-driven IP networks
News
Press release
Telefónica Spain boosts network performance with visibility and automation from Nokia Deepfield analytics
Press release
Nokia completes acquisition of Deepfield
Press release
Nokia to acquire Deepfield to power network and service automation with real-time, big data analytics
View Moredescription of hidden text
View Less
[showmore]
Data sheets and solution sheets
Nokia Deepfield Defender and Deepfield Network Firewall
Nokia Deepfield Cloud Intelligence
Nokia Deepfield Cloud Genome
Nokia Deepfield Secure Genome
Nokia Deepfield Subscriber Intelligence
Nokia Deepfield Solution Overview
Use cases
Detect DDoS attacks in real time, protect your customers and your business
Get full insight into your network traffic without network probes
Improve your wholesale ISP operations
Optimize your peering and lower peering and transit costs
Improve OTT video delivery
Boost your Netflix ISP Speed Ranking
Quickly identify and troubleshoot network issues
Prepare for the era of multiple OTT subscriptions
White papers
The future mode of DDoS attack mitigation
[Heavy Reading] A new DDoS protection architecture for volumetric attacks
[Heavy Reading] Manage streaming QoE with cloud and network analytics
[ACG Research] Powering intelligent network services with real-time visibility, analytics and automation
Reports
Network traffic insights in the time of COVID-19
Customer testimonials
Telefonica: Using Nokia Deepfield for automation
Nokia Deepfield at Bouygues Telecom
Videos
Deepfield for IP Network Optimization
Nokia NSP and Deepfield: Insight-driven SDN optimizations
IP network analytics and DDoS protection
Nokia Deepfield enables automated, insight-driven network performance and security
Ready to talk?
Connect with sales