http://www.bethrussellneedlepoint.com/pages/privacy
Log-in
Email address
Password
Forgot your password?
Facebook
Pinterest
Log-in
Basket (0)
Search
Home
»
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
We are a family firm with old-school values, and we take your privacy and security very seriously.
Your order information is stored securely by Shopify who provide our shopping platform. We do not share your personal information with other marketing companies.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please contact us at info@bethrussellneedlepoint.com or by mail at:
Beth Russell Needlepoint [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] P.O. Box 565 London  GB SW1V 3PU
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from bethrussellneedlepoint.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to screen our orders for potential risk or fraud, and to communicate with you.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We also provide you with the opportunity to opt into our mailing list to receive our newsletter. We do not sign you up without your specific consent and you can unsubscribe at any time.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with selected companies to help us provide our service.
We use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We use MailChimp to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You can read Mailchimp's privacy notice here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site - you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@bethrussellneedlepoint.com or by mail at:
Beth Russell Needlepoint[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]P.O. Box 565 London GB SW1V 3PU
Books[more]
Latest designs[more]
Accessories[more]
Scroll to top