https://www.belgiantapestries.com/privacy-g-13.html
EUR
GBP
USD
Home
My Account
Basket:
0.00EUR
Your shopping basket is empty!
Checkout
Menu
Tapestry Pillow Covers
Tapestry Cushions Dogs
Tapestry Cushions Cats
Tapestry Cushions Horses
Tapestry Cushions Forest
Tapestry Cushions Foxhunt
Tapestry Cushions Aristocats
Tapestry Cushions Aristodogs
Tapestry Cushions Aristocrats
Tapestry Cushions Marquises
Tapestry Cushions Wine
Tapestry Cushions Libraries
Tapestry Cushions Birds
Tapestry Cushions Floral
Tapestry Cushions Carll Cneut
Museum Pillow Covers
Gobelin Cushions Fine Arts
Gobelin Cushions Peter Rabbit
Gobelin Cushions William Morris
Gobelin Cushions Medieval
Gobelin Cushions Chivalry
Gobelin Cushions Unicorn
Tapestry Wall Hangings
Medieval
Renaissance
Cluny - Unicorn
Floral & Stillives
William Morris
Religious
Artists
City Views
Castles
Vintage Posters
Draught Excluders
Table Throws
Home | Privacy
Privacy
Your Privacy At Sequoia Ents., we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you only to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Our pledge to you is that we will never willfully sell, trade, rent, disclose, or make available personally identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission, except when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of Sequoia Ents.   Protecting Customer Information How does Sequoia Ents. protect customer information? Each Sequoia employee is made aware of, fully understands and is compliant with all of our Privacy and Security policies. We use state-of-the-art technology to protect your data from unauthorized third parties.Currently Sequoia uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software to protect your data and secure your transactions. SSL encrypts all your personal information, including your credit card number, name and address as it is transmitted over the Internet. Collecting Information What information does Sequoia Ents. collect? How is it used? When you order, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. We personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about our products and other merchandise that might be of interest to you. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the site, new Sequoia services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please email us to that effect at tom@sequoia-home.be   Disclosing Information Will Sequoia disclose the information it collects to outside parties? We respect your privacy. Sequoia does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others without your prior consent.   Your Consent By using the Sequoia site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sequoia Ents. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Sequoia Ents. reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or update these policies, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.