http://www.ardinfurniture.com/store/privacy_policy
Today's Deals
In-Home Tryout
FAQ
Return Policy
About Us
Cart
Living Room
Wardrobe Storage & Organization
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Accent Furniture
Home Office
Decorative Accents
Shop by Phone
1-800-388-0149
9am - 5pm EST
Entertainment Wall Units
Wardrobe Cabinets
Bedroom Furniture Sets
Sofa, Sectional, Loveseat
Dining Room Furniture
Accent Tables
Lights & Lamps
FAQ
Lowest Price
Corporate Accounts?
If you are a Contractor, Designer, Architect or Builder, contact us for our volume discounts & special pricing on all Modern Entertainment Center, Contemporary Wall Unit, Plasma
& LCD Television Stand, bedroom sets, WalK-in Closet and Wardrobe Cabinet Storage Wall.
Most Viewed
Privacy Policy
Cart
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
This privacy policy sets out how www.ArdinFurniture.com uses and protects any information that you provide us while use this website. Ardin Furniture is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Ardin Furniture may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 11/19/2009.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about. We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information, which we think you, may find interesting using the email address, which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Ardin Furniture use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from Ardin Furniture you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Safari, Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, or Internet Explorer. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@ardinfurniture.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties, which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You may participate in any blog comment or messaging threads offered through the Service, but you agree not to post any material the content of which (i) is defamatory, libelous, obscene, indecent, abusive, threatening to others, or in violation of any law; or (ii) infringes the copyright, trademark right, or other intellectual property right of any third party. You will be solely responsible for all content that you post on the Service.
Disclaimer of Liability: To the extent permitted by law, neither Ardin Furniture nor any of its employees, related partners or their respective officers or employees will be liable in any way for any loss, damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by you or claims made by you because of your use of this site, unavailability of this site or in connection with any products, services or information advertised, offered or supplied through this site. Ardin Furniture maintains the exclusive right to cancel or refuse any order without limitation. Including price omission, incorrect price, typographical errors, suspicion of fraud, and delivery area restrictions.
About Us
|
FAQs
|
Privacy Policy
| 	 Terms of Use
|
Sitemap
Copyright 1999 - 2011 Ardin Furniture. All rights reserved.