http://www.culliganlaredo.com/privacy-policy/?lightbox[iframe]=true&lightbox[width]=500&lightbox[height]=550
We are open for business. A Message to our Customers about COVID-19Who are we? Culligan of Laredo is a local franchisee of Culligan International. We are owned and operated locally and you are welcome to stop by any time Monday-Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm
or call us at (956) 267-9844. We hate unwanted emails and phone calls as much as you do and so work hard to protect all of your information and never provide it to third parties. We also try to respect your wishes on how and when to contact you. Personal Information Culligan of Laredo collects personal information from you only on a voluntary basis when you fill out a contact form. This information may be used by us to contact you for the purposes of providing you with product information or service, or for processing an order. When providing your email address we’ll either contact you personally or we may add you to our email marketing database. Any marketing email will give you the opportunity to unsubscribe or opt-out in the footer of the email and you will immediately be removed. You may also request that this information be removed from our marketing database by emailing us at richard@culliganlaredo.com or calling (956) 267-9844.
We do collect the domain names and other generic visitor information available in Google Analytics from people who visit our site. We do not sell any personal information to third parties. Some of our web pages may use “cookies” to better serve you when you come to our site. This technology allows us to give you tailored information whenever you visit culliganlaredo.com by sending information to your computer and storing it on your system. You may set your browser to notify you when you are about to receive a cookie so that you can accept or decline it. Links While this site contains links to other web sites, Culligan of Laredo is not responsible for the privacy practices of such web sites. Culligan of Laredo reserves the right to modify and update these privacy terms at anytime.Why we need your zip code? Culligan of Laredo serves Webb counties in Texas. In order to make sure you are in our contact area, we need you to provide your zip code. If you are out of our territory we’ll do our best to direct you to the local Culligan dealer who can help.Additional Marketing When you visit our website we may use cookies to track your visit and interaction with our website. That information helps us to show you additional ads using Google and other display networks related to our products and services as you browse the internet. We do our best to stop displaying those ads for you once you have contacted us, however you can always opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.