http://www.argyll-etkin.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.argyll-etkin.com/
We are committed to protecting your privacy. In this notice, you can read about the information we collect from you and how we use it. If you have any questions or concerns, you can email us at:
philatelists@argyll-etkin.com
1. Information we collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on argyll-etkin.com. We collect this information in order to conveniently provide you with our products and services, or for technical reasons.
Personally identifiable information we may collect includes:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Non-personally identifiable information we may collect includes:
The type of device you are using to view the website
Anonymous usage statistics
Anonymous information, such as your internet service provider, IP address and internet browsing software, collected by our website
“Cookies,” which enables the website to remember your information if you return to the site, such as to keep you logged in or to remember your login credentials if you return to the site
2. Visitors to our web site
Google Analytics:
When someone visits our web site, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies:
You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies Page.
Newsletter:
If you sign up for our newsletter, which is administered through Mailchimp, we will store some of your information, including your email address, IP address and certain information about the links you click within the emails we send you, on a Mailchimp server. Neither we nor Mailchimp will ever sell your email address or share it with any other party, unless we are legally compelled to do so. If you contact Mailchimp directly regarding your subscription to our newsletter, Mailchimp may contact you directly; otherwise, Mailchimp will never contact you. Only authorized Mailchimp employees have access to our subscriber list.
You are always free to unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided at the top of this page, but as long as you are registered we may use Mailchimp to send you information about your account.
3. How we use your information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties except (such as in the case of Mailchimp) when it’s necessary to complete the functions of the web site.
When you email us, we will use your email address only for the purpose of responding to you and for no other purpose.
Sometimes we may use anonymous information about your use of our site in combination with other users’ usage to make decisions about the contents and design of the web site.
We may disclose your information in response to court orders, or other legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims.
We may disclose your information when we believe it necessary or desirable in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our policies, and/or to protect our rights and property.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
4. Data security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We will never provide access to our databases to any third party, except to the extent necessary to conduct the operations of the web site (such as providing user data to Mailchimp).
We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that your information on our web site may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. When you enter sensitive information (such as contact form credentials) on our contact form, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5. Access to Personal Information
How to access your information
To access your information, you will need to put your request in writing.
You will need to provide information for us to identify you from our records such as name and email address. You will also need to tell us what kind of information you are requesting to enable us to locate the information. Send your request to the address provided at the top of this page.
Proof of identity
When we receive a request for information, we must make sure you are who you say you are. We need proof of identity. These include:
Your full name
Email Address
The following documents can be accepted to verify your identity. We require two forms of ID:
Current UK/EEA passport
UK photocard driving licence (full or provisional)
Firearms licence/shotgun certificate
EEA national identity card
Full UK paper driving licence
State benefits entitlement document*
State pension entitlement document*
HMRC tax credit document*
Local authority benefit document*
State/local authority educational grant document*
HMRC tax notification document
Disabled driver’s pass
Financial statement issued by bank, building society or credit card company
Judiciary document such as a notice of hearing, summons or court order+
Utility bill for supply of gas, electric, water or telephone landline+
Most recent mortgage statement
Most recent council tax bill/demand or statement
Current council rent card
Current council tenancy agreement
Building society passbook which shows a transaction in the last three months and your address
* Must be the most recently issued and less than 12 months old.
+ Must be the most recently issued and less than three months old (except water bills – less than 12 months old).
We will accept copies of these documents. However, we reserve the right to ask for originals if photocopies are not of a good quality.
A ‘reasonable fee’ will be charged when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive. We may also charge a reasonable fee to comply with requests for further copies of the same information.
6. Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Although we will notify users appropriately when changes are made to this policy, you are responsible for checking this page for changes. Your use of our web site constitutes agreement to this privacy policy.
7. Links to other web sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Argyll Etkin buy and sell Stamps, Postal History and Royalty Memorabilia in the Heart of London's West End
History, Romance, Development of Society, Business, Diplomacy, Trade, Government, Royalty and Noble Families, Travel, Exploration, Art, Politics, Literature, Discovery... all relate to the business of Argyll Etkin which provides enquiring people with the opportunity to buy stamps, postal history and royalty collectibles- items which are often unique.
Argyll Etkin Ltd - 2nd Floor - 1 Wardour Street - London - W1D 6PA - United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 207 930 6100 Fax: +44 (0) 207 494 2881 Email: philatelists@argyll-etkin.com
© 2020 Argyll Etkin. All Rights Reserved. Website By: Blue Smarty.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you