http://www.normaleating.com/privacy_policy.php
Normal Eating® for Normal Weight
The Path to Freedom from Weight Obsession and Food Cravings
Home
Forum
Online eBook
Blog
Testimonials
Store
Bibliography
Buy the Book!
Available formats:Paperback, Downloadable eBook,and Online with Support Forum
Sample Chapters
Normal Eating® Approach
Overview
Dieting and Feeling Fat
Attuned Eating
Online Support Group
Some Comparisons
Overeaters Anonymous
Geneen Roth's Why Weight
Overcoming Overeating
Social Media
Join me on Facebook
Follow me on Twitter
Personal Coaching
Learn About Personal Coaching
About this Site
Normal Eating® Author
Interviews & News Releases
Contact
Members
Username:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Member Benefits:
Compassionate and supportive community.
Huge searchable message base that supplements the book.
Safe and private discussion, not indexed in search engines.
Private board for men working on emotional eating.
Online access to Normal Eating for Normal Weight (full text, but not downloadable).
NOTICE ****
The Normal Eating Web Site is getting an complete overhaul, and the forum will be closing. Current members
still can log in for now, but no new members can join. The Forum played a big part in Normal Eating's history,
but it's time for something new.
I will start posting in the blog again much more regularly, and perhaps start a Webinar series. If you have
ideas or feedback, please message me on
Facebook or
Twitter.
I still have an active
private practice through Skype and FaceTime - I
just haven't been updating the Web site. Please email me
if you'd like to talk.
Search
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Web
NormalEating.com
Privacy Policy
This notice describes what information about you is gathered by this Web site or its online products, and how it is used and shared. Note that it does not apply to information you post in an online forum, blog, personal page, etc. You are responsible for what you post.
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, so please check back regularly. By using this Web site or any of its online products, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Gathered from You
In accordance with common practice, log files on the Web server archive details such as your IP address, browser type, referring page, and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember your preferences when interacting with the Web site. Cookies are small files stored on your computer by your web browser, and can contain your preferences, selections, and other bits of information recorded as you navigate the Web site. They also can be used to track return visits to a Web site.
Where registration is required, your email address, username, and other membership information is stored on the server.
How the Information is Used
Log files are used to monitor usage trends - for example, to identify heavy usage times, most-read pages, and preferred browsers - in order to improve visitors' experience.
Cookies are mainly used to enable the Web site software to work correctly. They also may be used to enhance visitors' experience with personalised content, and possibly advertising.
3rd party advertisers may use cookies for tracking purposes. For example, if you click on an ad, a cookie may be used to tell the advertiser that you came from this Web site so they know where to pay the commission.
This Web site does not sell, rent, or lease email addresses to 3rd parties.
This Web site will only send you email if you have opted-in to receive it (for example, if you signed up for newsletters or forum notifications), or the site administrator needs to contact you individually for some reason (for example, if there's an address problem with an order). This Web site does not send spam.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to an email service, you can unsubscribe by following the instructions in the email you receive. You can unsubscribe via the Web site, as well.
If you block cookies in your browser settings, it may prevent you from using certain features of the Web site.
When Google Ads are displayed on a Web site, Google has full control over what is displayed. The host Web site has no say over it. You can control what Google Ads you see on this Web site or any other by visiting Google's Advertising Privacy Policy.
Content copyright © 2003-2020 Permutations Software, Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy