http://www.mytinytoes.com/privacy
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICYMy Tiny Toes considers internet user privacy and data protection to be of the utmost importance. My Tiny Toes maintains the privacy and confidentiality of any personal information, such as your name, address, email address, or telephone number that you provide.  The privacy policy describes how we use and do not use personal data that you provide to us and the steps we take to protect it.We do not collect, use or disclose your personal information for any purpose other than those identified below, except with your consent or as required by law.A client is defined as a person who either considers or enquires to use the services of My Tiny Toes or one who proceeds and uses the services of My Tiny ToesSHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe do not sell, trade, exchange or rent clients personal data to others.PERSONAL DATAWe may collect personal identification information from clients in a number of ways. This includes when clients visit our site, email us or fill out a form.Clients data which is generally requested is your and your baby's name, email address, phone number, home address in case of deliveries and any details pertaining to the requested job/enquiry. Basically we only look for info relevant to completing the service that you have requested us to provide. Clients can refuse to supply personal data if they so wish.NON-PERSONAL DATAWe may collect non-personal data about clients whenever they interact with our site. The non-personal data may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about clients means of connection to my site, such as the operating system, the internet service providers utilised and other similar information.WEB BROWSER COOKIESOur site may use cookies to enhance the client’s experience. Such information will not identify you personally as it is purely statistical data. A client’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The client may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.HOW I USE COLLECTED INFORMATIONMy Tiny Toes collects and uses clients personal data using an externally hosted third party to manage and administer your account. This is in the legitimate interest of our clients for the administration of their account and providing an efficient customer service.PROTECTIONWe protect our databases with various technical and procedural measures with restricted access to your information by unauthorised persons.Secure passwords, facial and fingerprint recognition are used in addition to the encryption of data and communications between desktops, mobile apps and servers according to industry best practices.ACCESS TO INFORMATIONIn accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.WHOM DO I CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS?You may email us at info@mytinytoes.ieYOUR CONSENTBy using our site you consent to our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.CHANGES OF OUR PRIVACY POLICYAny future changes to our privacy policy will be updated on this page.
My Tiny Toes
3D Adult & Baby hand feet casts Ireland
My Tiny Toes specialise in life casting, capturing every tiny detail of your baby's hands and feet by using a quick, easy, completely safe and non-toxic method.  Our three-dimensional sculptures form life size replica's of your child's hands and feet.  Each three-dimensional sculpture is hand crafted with amazing detail and professionally framed to make a perfect keepsake to treasure for generations to come.
David Duignan Photography | Main Street, Dunshaughlin, Ireland
facebook