http://www.port-a-field.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Log in
Sign up
Cart
(0)
Check Out
Menu
Home
Products
+
Accessories
Badminton
Baseball
Beach Ultimate
Dodgeball
Disc Golf
DIY
Double Disc
Fast Plastic
Football
Flag Football
Goals & Accessories
Hardware and Anchoring Systems
i9 Sports
Individual Lines
Kickball
Lacrosse
Marching Bands
Personalization Package
Portable Field Lines
Rugby
Soccer
Soccer - Beach Soccer
Soccer - Training Grids
Softball
Spectator Lines
Ultimate
USA Football
Volleyball and Beach Volleyball
Warehouse Clearance
Photo Gallery
Tips & Tricks
FAQ
About Us
Contact Us
Warehouse Clearance
Log in
Sign up
FREE Shipping!
Factory Direct FREE Shipping on orders of $100 or more of Port-a-Field branded products (not third party accessories) to the lower 48 states in the USA!
Testimonial
Our product line includes field perimeters, mid lines, goal / penalty boxes, beach soccer lines and training grids.
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PORT-A-FIELD ("PORT-A-FIELD", "we", "our", "us") values your privacy and endeavors to treat your personal information with due care and security. Our Privacy Policy sets forth the ways in which PORT-A-FIELD obtains and uses your personal information. PORT-A-FIELD reserves the right, without notice, to modify or eliminate all or a portion of this Privacy Policy at any time. By making use of the PORT-A-FIELD website or any PORT-A-FIELD product or service, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy in its ongoing form.
PORT-A-FIELD may collect information directly from you in order to provide products or services, to administer customer service assistance, or to fulfill any legal or regulatory requirements. PORT-A-FIELD may also obtain personal information as a result of a consumer's financial transactions using the PORT-A-FIELD product(s) or through a merchant that uses the PORT-A-FIELD products and/or services. With respect to any information a PORT-A-FIELD merchant may provide, PORT-A-FIELD will treat the information in accordance with the terms and conditions of the PORT-A-FIELD online Service Agreement.
PORT-A-FIELD may store the information that you provide. This information may include, for example, your name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number, as well as certain interactive data such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, or the domain or IP address you use to access our website(s). If you supply us with personal data or request information from us, we may use your information to respond to your request. If you are a PORT-A-FIELD merchant you may receive third-party email notifications and/or offers relating to products or services in which PORT-A-FIELD believes you may have an interest. You can change the preference settings in your PORT-A-FIELD account at any time.
PORT-A-FIELD limits access to your personal information to those PORT-A-FIELD employees and business clients that need the information in order to provide our products and services to you. If you are a PORT-A-FIELD merchant, we may share your information with outside parties for such purposes as (by way of example and not of limitation) obtaining credit reports, performing customer verifications, and administering underwriting and risk management functions. We will disclose your information in response to a valid request issued by a court, government agency or regulatory authority.
When we have a direct customer relationship with you, we will strive to make information available to you about the general uses of the information we collect. Generally, we publish or link to this information on web pages at the point of sale, through privacy notices on our websites, and by other means specified by applicable state and federal laws.
When we obtain personal information as part of our direct relationship with you, we will not share this information with non-affiliated third parties, except in the following circumstances:
In accordance with the PORT-A-FIELD Privacy Policy
To facilitate and complete merchant-initiated or authorized transactions
To comply with federal, state, and local laws, including credit reporting laws and credit card association rules
To investigate fraud
In the case of PORT-A-FIELD merchants, to offer products and services that PORT-A-FIELD believes may be of interest to you.
PORT-A-FIELD employs industry-standard security measures to protect personal information collected against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These measures may include, without limitation, encryption, restricted internal access, physical access security, and other technologies. PORT-A-FIELD continually reviews and enhances its security systems in an ongoing effort to provide safe and secure treatment of its data.
As part of its products and services, PORT-A-FIELD may create links to third-party websites. PORT-A-FIELD is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by third-party websites that are linked to our website, nor does PORT-A-FIELD control or warrant the utility, merchantability, or workmanship of the products or services offered at third-party websites. Before you supply your personal information to a third-party website, whether or not the third party is a merchant, client, or partner of PORT-A-FIELD, you should review and understand the applicable privacy policy for that website.
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only, and they are not intended to be all-inclusive. If your PORT-A-FIELD account is terminated for any reason or if you become an inactive customer, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply. If you are a merchant using the PORT-A-FIELD product(s) or service(s), this Privacy Policy applies to all accounts you may have with us, and it replaces all our previous disclosures to you about our information practices.
If you have any questions about the PORT-A-FIELD Privacy Policy, please contact us using one of the methods available on the "Contact Us" page of the PORT-A-FIELD website.
The PORT-A-FIELD Privacy Policy applies only to persons or companies making use of the PORT-A-FIELD website, PORT-A-FIELD's shopping cart software, product(s), and/or services(s) in the United States of America. To the extent allowed by law, the same terms and conditions hereof apply to non-U.S. parties. However, additional terms and conditions under international laws and cross-border credit card association regulations may apply.
Invalid Password
English
Czech Danish Dutch English French German Greek Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish Vietnamese