http://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/institutional-accounts
Help Topics
Holiday Shipping Information
US Deadlines
Canada Deadlines
International Deadlines
Shipping & Orders
Check Order Status
Shipping (US & Int'l)
Availability
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Digital Downloads
What are Digital Downloads?
Viewing and Printing
System Requirements
Troubleshooting Guide
FAQS
iPad Support
SMP Press
Account Help
Password Reset
Personal Accounts
School and Church Accounts
Purchase Orders
Easy Rebates
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Contact Us
Corporate Contacts
Policies
2+ Pricing
Returns
Low Price Guarantee
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
About Us
Memberships
Testimonials
Features
Gift Certificates
Music Lists
Teacher Resource Center
Level Guidelines
Karaoke Formats
Newsletter Options
Sheet Music Plus Blog
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: Notes
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: List of Basic Musical Symbols
SMP Press
About SMP Press
How to Publish with SMP Press
Legally Arrange Thousands of Copyrighted Songs with SMP Press
General Copyright Guidelines
Copyright Infringement Policy
Arrangements of Copyrighted Works
Arrangements of Public Domain Works
Original Compositions
Mechanical Rights
Commission & Payments
Email SMP Press
Help > Institutional Accounts
About School and Church Accounts
Schools, colleges, universities, and churches in the US, Canada, and Australia may qualify for a Sheet Music Plus Institutional Account. With a Sheet Music Plus Institutional Account, you receive the following benefits:
• Free Budget Shipping on orders of $35 or more
• Purchase Orders accepted
• Net 30 Payment Terms for Purchase Order Invoices
• Payment Options include: Invoice, Credit Card, PayPal, Check/Money Order
How to Order Using a Purchase Order
Send us your official P.O. (must include billing name and address) one of three ways:
1. Email an official P.O. to invoiceorder@sheetmusicplus.com
2. Fax an official P.O. to 1-510-373-6520
3. Mail an official P.O. to:
Sheet Music Plus
Institutional Accounts
PO Box 13920
Milwaukee, WI 53213
If you do not already have one, we will create a Sheet Music Plus Institutional Account for you and place your first order as soon as possible.  We may contact you for more information if your P.O. is lacking details.
Or Order Online
Once you have a Sheet Music Plus Institutional Account you can sign in at sheetmusicplus.com and choose “Invoice” as your payment method during checkout.  This payment option will only be available if an Institutional Invoice Account has already been approved and established.
Don’t Have an Official Purchase Order or Institutional Account?
If you do not have an official purchase order from your organization and you still want to be invoiced for an order, or you would like to able to place an online order and be invoiced, please first complete the online Institutional Account Application form:
https://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/institutional-account-form/
We will contact you within 5 business days upon approval with next steps.
Questions?
Need an update on your application, have questions about an existing account, or need clarification? Email your questions to invoiceorder@sheetmusicplus.com or call 1-800-743-3868 Monday-Friday between 9am and 5pm Central Time.
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products, to assist with promotional and marketing efforts, to analyze our traffic and to provide content from third parties. You consent to our cookies and privacy policy if you continue to use this site. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept Cookies
Close X
By signing up you consent with the terms in our Privacy Policy
I am a music teacher.
Close X