http://www.workngear.com/privacy-security
DELIVERY TIME FOR EXPEDITED AND STANDARD SHIPPING MAY BE LONGER THAN USUAL AS FREIGHT CARRIERS RESPOND TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC
|
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99
|
Cookies are not enabled in your browser.
You must have Cookies enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase.
false
Customer Service
Contact Customer Service
Ordering Information
My Account
Order Status
Shipping Information
Easy Returns
Insider Rewards FAQs
Other Helpful Links
Buying Guides
Find a Store
Your Privacy & Security
Don’t worry. We take your privacy seriously Website Privacy Policy
This website is published and maintained by Work 'N Gear, Inc., with offices located at 2300 Crown Colony Drive, Suite 300, Quincy, MA, 02169. Work 'N Gear and its affiliate, RX Gear, LLC, operate various brands of online stores and websites, and they are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as “we,” “us,” “our,” or other similar pronouns. When you provide your personal information to us, you are providing it to our corporate family. This Privacy Policy governs the information collection, use and disclosure practices of the workngear.com (the “website”). By visiting this Website, or using the services offered through this Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as they may be amended from time to time. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Website Terms of Use, which governs your use of this Website in general. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us, or that we may obtain, other than through our Website, such as by phone, through postal mail and through other live and print media. We may choose to disclose nonpublic personal information about you to a third party for compensation. You may opt out of our sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes by following the directions in the Right to Opt Out section below. This Website is intended for users who are located in the United States of America. This Privacy Policy shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States. We do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13, and we do not target our Website to such children. Table of Contents Purpose Right to opt out What information is collected on this website? Website usage
Purpose The privacy of your information is important to us. In order to make your use of our Website as worthwhile as possible, we may collect Personal Information from and about you, and we may collect certain information from your computer about you and your visits to this Website. This Privacy Policy explains, in general, what Personal Information and other information is collected on this Website, how the information is used, and with whom we may share such information. “Personal Information” may include, for example, in addition to information about your orders of products or services, your name; home and/or business address; e-mail address; telephone, wireless and/or fax number; instant messaging address; credit card and other payment information; day and month of birth, occupation, other demographic information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. back to top
Right to opt out You may have the right to “opt out” of certain of our uses of your Personal Information. For example, at the time you are requested to provide Personal Information on this Website, you may have the opportunity to elect not to: (1) receive correspondence from us, or (2) have your Personal Information shared with other entities outside of our corporate family for their marketing purposes. You may also opt out of our promotional e-mails by clicking on an opt-out link within the e-mail you receive. Please understand that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with your relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us. Also, to stop receiving promotional messages from third parties who already have your contact information, please contact them directly. back to top
What information is collected on this website? User-provided information We collect Personal Information from users of our Website, for example, through users’ activities, transactions and completion of online forms on our Website. Such information is also collected, for example, when users register or subscribe for accounts or features on our Website, make online purchases, enter sweepstakes and contests, complete surveys, contribute to a chat room, bulletin board, list serve, blog, wiki or other open forum that we may make available on our Website, submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Website, send us an e-mail, or in any other way submit Personal Information to us via our Website When you make a purchase through this Website, we also collect information about your method of payment. This may include your payment card number, name on the card, expiration date, validation codes or other related information. This information will be used solely to process payment. You may be able to send information about our products and services to your friends and family members through our Website by clicking on an “E-mail to Friend” or similar button on our Website or in an e-mail that we have sent you. In some of these cases (unless you simply forward our e-mail on your own), you may provide the name and e-mail address of your friend or family member to us. Such information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law. back to top
Website usage information Cookies We may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies track where you travel on our Website and what you look at and purchase. They may store the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and/or password. A cookie may enable us to relate your use of our Website to other information about you, including your Personal Information. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Website. Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to manage Flash cookies. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Website or certain areas or features of the Website. By using our Website, you consent to our use of cookies as described above. Clear GIFs We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “Web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, in the Website and/or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a Web page or message. A clear GIF may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a Web page or message to other information about you, including your Personal Information. IP Address and clickstream data Our server automatically collects data about your Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. Our server may also record the Web page from which you linked to this Website (e.g., another Website or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Website; the Website you visit after this Website; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Website or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws and policies. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may also link this information with your Personal Information. Any or all of these activities with regard to Website Usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers. How is the Personal Information used? We will use the Personal Information you provide to our Website, for example, to respond to your requests, process your orders or transactions, and to provide you with our product and service offerings. We may also use your Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Website Usage Information, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties. In addition, we may send you notices (for example, in the form of e-mails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you. You may opt out of receiving such notices from us by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. We may analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and e-mails, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate. Do we share Personal Information and Website Usage information with others? Public forums When you contribute to a public area or feature of our Website or a social media site, such as a comments forum, chat room, bulletin board or other communication or community tool or area, the information that you submit or post will be made available to the general public. For this reason, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, other information that would enable other users to locate you, or financial information on these areas of our Website. Instead, make up a username that does not disclose your personal identity. Third-Party Offers We may provide visitors an opportunity to receive offers from other entities who have services, products and offers that we think might be of interest to you. Sears and Kmart are examples of these third parties. Unless you elect not to receive such offers by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above, we may from time to time provide your Personal Information to these entities so that they may send you these offers. If you change your mind and no longer want us to share your Personal Information with these types of third parties, follow the instructions to opt out in the Right to Opt Out section above. Co-sponsored contests, sweepstakes and offerings Some of our contests, sweepstakes and other offerings may be co-sponsored by another company. In those situations, the information we obtain from you in connection with such contest, sweepstake or offering may be shared with our co-sponsor, unless you instruct us not to by following the instructions in the Right to Opt Out section above. In those situations, our co-sponsors will have the right to use your information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own policies. We are not responsible for how our co-sponsors may use your information. Service providers We use third-party partners and processors to help operate our Website and deliver our products and services, and may share your information with our service providers and other third parties that provide products or services for or through this Website or for our business (such as Website or database hosting companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and other similar service providers that use such information on our behalf). Website usage and other non-personally identifiable information We may disclose Website Usage Information and other non-personally identifiable information regarding our users and user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website and e-mails to third parties, including, for example, aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports that do not describe or identify any individual user. back to top
Copyright 2017 Work 'N Gear | 2300 Crown Colony Drive | Suite 300 | Quincy | MA 02169
Quick View
Close