https://www.southwesternproduce.com/prod2/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Southwestern Produce
Home
About
Locations
Florida
Chipley, FL
Jacksonville, FL
Marianna, FL
Panama City, FL
Plant City, FL
Waldo (Gainesville, FL)
Georgia
Cairo/Reno, GA
Canton, GA
Lawrenceville, GA
Moultrie, GA
Alabama
Dothan, AL
2020 Sale Dates
SW Kitchen
Recipes
Produce Gallery
Beans
Corn
Fruits
Greens
Misc Vegetables
Nuts
Peas
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated March 8, 2018
Southwestern Produce Co., Inc. (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”).  This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website http://www.southwesternproduce.com and our mobile application including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”).  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.  We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy.  Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.  You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates.  You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways.  The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Mobile Application Information
If you connect using our mobile application:
Geo-Location Information.  We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services.  If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Push Notifications.  We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or our Services.  If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your devices’s settings.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience.  Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site or our mobile application to:
Notify you of upcoming sales and pick-up dates.
Email you regarding your order.
Notify you of updates to the Site and our mobile application.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Site and our mobile application.
Send you a newsletter.
Perform other business activities as needed.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations.  Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.  This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis.  We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity.  If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations.  If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site or our mobile application.
GOOGLE MAPS
This website uses Google Maps APIs.  You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service here.  To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this link.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information.  While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.  Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13.  If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Southwestern Produce Co., Inc.
Phone: (813) 754-1500
renee@southwesternproduce.com
Upcoming Sales Online order forms will appear on our Home Page for the 2 weeks prior to our pick up days.
We will begin our 2020 vegetables in April.  Please check back with us again!
Our 2020 sale dates for ALL locations can be found under the tab “2020 Sales” at the top of the page.
Recipes
Recipes
Casseroles
Desserts
How To:
Jellies and Preserves
Snacks
Vegetable Sides
Southwestern's Kitchen
Uncategorized
Customer Service 813.754.1500 (Plant City, FL Main Office)
renee@southwesternproduce.com
Cairo, GA  877-877-5268
Canton, GA 866-243-3312
Chipley, FL 877-638-2330
Dothan, AL 800-914-6337
Jacksonville, FL  800-914-6337
Lawrenceville, GA  770-339-6444
Marianna, FL 850-209-4111
Moultrie, GA  877-877-5268
Panama City, FL 800-914-6337
Waldo, FL  800-914-6337
Webster, FL  352-206-9335
Upcoming Sales Online order forms will appear on our Home Page for the 2 weeks prior to our pick up days.
We will begin our 2020 vegetables in April.  Please check back with us again!
Our 2020 sale dates for ALL locations can be found under the tab “2020 Sales” at the top of the page.
Social
© 2020 Southwestern Produce
Search for:
Home
About
Locations
Plant City, FL
Chipley, FL
Jacksonville, FL
Marianna, FL
Panama City, FL
Waldo, FL (Gainesville)
Webster, FL
Cairo, GA
Canton, GA
Lawrenceville, GA
Moultrie, GA
Dothan, AL
2020 Sale Dates
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Recipes
Southwestern’s Kitchen