http://www.celticstitchery.com/pages/gdpr-compliant-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Cart
(0)
Check Out
Menu
Home
Cross Stitch
+
Arelate Studio
Artists Alley
+
All
Celtic
Dragons & Mythical
Norse Viking
Artecy
Black Swan
Beginner Cross Stitch
Birth & Baby Samplers
Bothy Threads
Celtic
Celtic Obsessions
Chinese Zodiac
Christmas
Claddagh Cross Stitch
Coats Crafts UK
Countess Designs
Dinky Dyes
Dracolair
English
Fabric
Free Cross Stitch Patterns
Frony Ritter
Great Bear Canada
Halloween
Hillcroft House
Historical Sampler Company
Ink Circles
Irish
Joan Elliott
Landmark Tapestries & Charts
+
Arts & Crafts Movement
Aztec Bookmarks
Celtic Crosses
Celtic Gilt Pillows
Colored Glass Pillows
Country Garden Pillows
Floral Miniatures
Golden Celtic Knots
Long Floral
Oriental Butterflies
Pin Cushions
Stained Glass
Stained Glass Miniatures
Tapesta
Victorian Tiles
Windows
Long Dog Samplers
Mill Hill
Northern Expressions Needlework
NVP
Riolis
ON SALE!
Saint Patrick's Day
Sampler Cove
Scottish
Shannon Christine Designs
Textile Heritage
+
Aida Band
Celtic
Flowers
Irish
New Textile Heritage 2020 Releases
Outlander InspiredTM Range
Scottish
Tudor & Medieval
Welsh
Tudor
Valentine's Day
Vervaco
Vickery Collection
Wedding & Anniversary
Welsh
White Willow
Needlepoint
+
Needlepoint Canvas
Needlepoint Kits
Crewel
Chess Set Moulds
Celtic Beads
Jewelry
+
Black Dragon Crafts
Pendants & Necklaces
Celtic Pewter Bracelets
Saint Patrick's Day
Sale Items
Gifts
+
Tea Towels
Key Rack Holders
Key Rings
Refrigerator Magnets
Sea Gems Celtic Bookmarks
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
+
Celebrate Saint Patrick's Day - Cross Stitch and other Gift Ideas
Mary Queen of Scots
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Home
›
GDPR Compliant Privacy Policy
GDPR Compliant Privacy Policy
Privacy policy1. Introduction1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.1.3 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.1.4 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the publication of your information. You can access the privacy controls via www.celtichobbies.com.1.5 In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Celtic Craft Shop. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2. Credit2.1 This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).3. How we use your personal data3.1 In this Section 3 we have set out:(a) the general categories of personal data that we may process;(b) in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;(c) the purposes for which we may process personal data; and(d) the legal bases of the processing.3.2 We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include [your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services 3.3 We may process "account data".The account data may include your name and email address.The source of the account data is you The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website("profile data").The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.5 We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data").The source of the service data is you . The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.6 We may process [information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.7 We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent .3.8 We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your contact details, The source of the customer relationship data is you.The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.3.9 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.3.10 We may process [information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.3.11 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.[Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.3.12 We may process tracking of product sales data.This data may include product items purchased.The source of this data is our website administration. This data may be processed for inventory control. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely how much inventory to order.3.13 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.3.14 We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.3.15 In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.3.16 Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
4. Providing your personal data to others4.1 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at www.celtichobbies.com4.2 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.4.4 Financial transactions relating to our website and services arehandled by our payment services providers, Paypal and Shopify Payment Systems. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at Paypal (www.paypal.com) or Shopify Payments https://help.shopify.com/manual/payments/shopify-payments.4.6 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. International transfers of your personal data5.1 In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).5.2 We and our other group companies have offices and facilities in USA. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.Transfers to USA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from www.celtichobbies.com 5.3 The hosting facilities for our website are situated in USA.The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.Transfers to USA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from www.celtichobbies.com5.5 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6. Retaining and deleting personal data6.1 This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.6.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.6.3 We will retain your personal data as follows:(a) personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 1 year following purchase date or newsletter subscriber date , and for a maximum period of 5 years following purchase date or newsletter subscriber date.6.4 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:(a) the period of retention of personal data category will be determined based on the customers personal preferences.6.5 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7. Amendments7.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.7.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.7.3 We will notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
8. Your rights8.1 In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.8.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:(a) the right to access;(b) the right to rectification;(c) the right to erasure;(d) the right to restrict processing;(e) the right to object to processing;(f) the right to data portability;(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and(h) the right to withdraw consent.8.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.8.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.8.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.8.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.8.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.8.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.8.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.8.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:(a) consent; or(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.8.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.8.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.8.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data [by written notice to us  - in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8.
9. About cookies9.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.9.2 Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.9.3 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.10. Cookies that we use10.1 We use cookies for the following purposes:(a) authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (b) status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website(c) personalisation - we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you(d) security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally(e) advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you(f) analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services and(g) cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small amount of information that’s downloaded to your computer or device when you visit certain websites. We use a number of different cookies on the Shopify website, including necessary, functional, performance and targeting cookies. Cookies make your browsing experience better by allowing the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login and region selection). This means you don’t have to re-enter this information each time you return to the site or browse from one page to another. Cookies also provide information on how people use the website, for instance whether it’s their first time visiting or if they are a frequent visitor. We use this information to improve the browsing experience for all of our users.
What cookies do we use and why?
Some cookies are necessary to allow you to browse our website, use its features, and access secure areas. The use of these cookies is essential for the website to work, and we do not use these cookies to collect personal information about you. For example, we use user-input cookies for the duration of a session to keep track of a user’s input when filling in forms that span several pages.
We also use functional cookies to remember choices you’ve made or information you’ve provided, such as your username, language, or the region you are in. This allows us to tailor your website experience specifically to your preferences. For example, authentication cookies are functional cookies that are used for the duration of a session (or persistent, if you agree to the “remember me” function) to allow users to authenticate themselves on subsequent visits or to gain access to authorized content across pages. The functional cookies we use include:
User-centric security cookies to detect authentication abuses for a limited persistent duration, like repeated failed login attempts. These cookies are set for the specific task of increasing the security of the service.
Multimedia content player session cookies (flash cookies) are used for the duration of a session to store technical data needed to play back video or audio content (e.g. image quality, network link speed, and buffering parameters).
Load balancing session cookies are used for the duration of the session to identify the same server in the pool in order for the load balancer to redirect user requests appropriately.
User interface customization persistent cookies are used to store a user’s preference regarding a service across web pages.
Shopify is dedicated to user experience and we use many tools to help us improve our website. To this end, we use performance cookies to collect information about how you use our website and how often. These cookies only gather information for statistical purposes and do not gather any information that can personally identify you. However, because these cookies are not strictly necessary for the use of our website, we require your consent to use them. The performance cookies we use include:
First party analytics cookies - We use these cookies to estimate the number of unique visitors, to improve our website and to detect the most searched for words in search engines that lead to a webpage. These cookies are not used to target you with online marketing. We use these cookies to learn how our website is performing and make relevant improvements to improve your browsing experience.
We also use Google Analytics and other third-party analytics providers to help measure how users interact with our website content. These cookies “remember” what our users have done on previous pages and how they’ve interacted with the website. For more information on Google Analytics, visit Google’s information page. For instructions on how opt out of Google Analytics, see below.
Targeting cookies are used on our website to tailor marketing to you and your interests and provide you with a more personalized service in the future. These cookies remember that you visited our website and we may share this information with third-parties, such as advertisers. Although these cookies can track your visits to our website and other sites, they typically cannot personally identify you. Without these cookies, the advertisements that you see may be less relevant and interesting to you. We do not use third-party advertising cookies.
Finally, Social plug-in tracking cookies are used by many social networks that have “social plug-in modules”. We integrate these modules into our platform to provide services than can be considered as “explicitly requested” by our users. Your consent, however, is required because some third-party social plug-in tracking cookies are used for things like behavioural advertising, analytics, and/or market research.
How long will cookies remain on my computer or mobile device?
The length of time that a cookie remains on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies last until you stop browsing and persistent cookies last until they expire or are deleted. Most of the cookies we use are persistent and will expire between 90 days and two years from the date they are downloaded to your device. See the section below on how to control cookies for more information on removing them before they expire.
Social Buttons
Social Buttons for third-party social media sites are used to enable our users to share or bookmark web pages. We cannot prevent these sites from collecting information about you. To understand how third-party social media sites use information about your activities on our website and the internet, please read their respective Terms of Use and Privacy Policies.
How to control cookies?
You can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please keep in mind that removing or blocking cookies can negatively impact your user experience and parts of our website may no longer be fully accessible.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose whether or not to accept cookies through your browser controls, often found in your browser's “Tools” or “Preferences” menu. For more information on how to modify your browser settings or how to block, manage or filter cookies can be found in your browser’s help file or through such sites as: www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can opt out of customized ads by visiting:
Ads Preference Manager
To opt-out of Google Analytics:
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
If you use our website without opting out, it means that you understand and agree to data collection for the purpose of marketing ads to you.
11. Cookies used by our service providers11.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.11.2 We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
12. Managing cookies12.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:(a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);(b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);(c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);(d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);(e) https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and(f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).12.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.12.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13. Our details13.1 This website is owned and operated by Clare Patricia Crawford.13.3 Our principal place of business is at 184 McIntosh Court, Richland, WA 99352.13.4 You can contact us:(a) by post, to the postal address given above;(b) using our website contact form;(c) by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or(d) by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time14. Data protection officer14.1 Our data protection officer's contact details are: Clare Patricia Crawford ,184 McIntosh Court, Richland, WA 99352.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at celticstitchery@gmail.com or by mail at Celtic Craft ShopClare Crawford184 McIntosh Court, Richland, WA, 99352, United States