https://www.richart.com/us/content/9-privacy-cookies
Covid-19: for delivery prior to 12/24, please place your order by 12/17.
Fermer
DELIVERY :
AMERICA
FRANCE
EUROPE
WORLDWIDE
Search....
CORPORATE GIFTS
My account
Holiday
Stocking Stuffers
Glazed Chestnuts
French Truffles
Dark chocolate
Special occasions
7 aromatic families
The Classics
The Unexpected
Aromatic trip
Luxury Gifts
French Pâtes de fruits
French macarons
Chocolate bars
Chocolate on the go
Nibbling
Appetizer
Dragees
La Maison RICHART
Our boutiques
Contact us
Home
Privacy & cookies
Privacy & cookies
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure and improper use of your information, we have established appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to protect the information we collect in accordance with our privacy policy. All credit card payments are managed by the Verisign group, acknowledged for its reliability in the field of Internet transactions. The transaction executed between you and Verisign is encrypted (SSL). The banking data, which you provide, is encrypted on your own computer and never circulates unscrambled on the Internet.
Privacy Promise
RICHART.com is always conscious and respectful of your privacy and, therefore, will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) through our web site unless you provide it to us voluntarily. You are not required to register or otherwise "sign in" to browse and enjoy our site. RICHART.com hereby formulates its commitment to you, all visitors to and clients of our site, to guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data which you may supply. Accordingly, we have enacted the following policies, which are intended to protect your privacy and ensure that all voluntarily submitted personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. Because our policies will continue to evolve in order to maintain the same standards of privacy protection, you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are content with any changes. This policy is effective from 06/2007.
Personal Information
As a trading site, RICHART.com only collects personal information when you request our services and only uses the information collected to provide those services for you. If you choose to make a purchase, you will be asked to provide contact information (such as your name and shipping address) and financial information (such as your credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to process your order. RICHART.com handles all of this data with the utmost confidentiality.
Third Parties
Any personal information provided will not be sold, rented, traded or otherwise shared with anyone outside of RICHART.com, or used for reasons beyond those contemplated in this statement. From time to time, we may engage third parties to process your information on our behalf; however, none of RICHART.com's affiliates (such as our credit card company) have permission to retain, share, store or use personal information for any reason other than providing the requested service.
The volatile nature of the data collected on the RICHART.com site
In order to process your order, we have to be aware of and memorize certain parameters which are communicated to us by your computer: we have to know who you are, as well as the products that you are buying. Cookies are programs used with this sole aim: to memorize, for the duration of your visit to our site, your identity and the content of your shopping cart as you fill it. Once you have finished shopping, this data is automatically erased.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA)
To ensure compliance with federal law, RICHART.com does not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. If a child under 13 provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian may contact us, and we will remove the information.