http://www.dancingdeer.com/policies/privacy-policy
1-888-417-9343 CUSTOMER SERVICE
Find what you seek
Search
Home
Product Type
Baking Mixes Brownies Cookies Crowd Pleasers Gluten-Free Wholesale
Gifts by Price
Under $35 Under $50 Under $75 Over $75
Occasions
Anniversary Birthday B'nai Mitzvot Breakfast Cookies Congratulations Entertainment Hanukkah Happy Holidays House Warming Retirement Thank You Wedding/Engagement
Our Story
FAQs
Login
"I consent to receive recurring automated marketing by text message through an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent is not a condition to purchase. STOP to cancel, HELP for help. Message and Data rates may apply. View Privacy Policy & ToS."
Dancing Deer Baking Company knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting www.DancingDeer.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
We will not rent or sell your name, address, email address, credit card information, or personal information to any third party without your permission. However, we must cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
If you have purchased from us or subscribed to one of our newsletters and have chosen to receive e-mail from us, we may occasionally update you via email of special opportunities. We may also contact you if you have entered one of our contests or sweepstakes. If you choose not to receive updates when you enter a contest or sweepstakes, it will not affect your chances of winning.
To customize the information you wish to receive from us or to let us know you do not wish to receive email from us, simply notify us of your e-mail preferences. We may share non-personal, non-individual statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers, or other third parties for research purposes. In other words, we will not tell our marketing partners that you purchased a specific product, but we may tell them how many customers purchased that product.
Our Policy is intended to provide you with the safest and most secure shopping experience possible.
Since offerings and technologies change, we reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If policy changes are substantial, we will notify our customers via email. Please periodically review our Privacy Policy for changes.
Text Marketing and notifications:By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form, or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed [INSERT A NUMBER] a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt-out please follow the procedures above. Thanks!
Back to the top