http://www.schwans.com/policies/security-practices
Updated hours of operation, market conditions, and COVID-19 safety measures. Learn more
skip to main content
This browser is out of date.
To access our website going forward, please update to Google Chrome, Firefox, or Microsoft Edge.
Sign In
Learn More
Home
Security Practices
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Security Practices
Mobile Terms & Conditions
Auto-Reorder
CA Employee Privacy Policy
Security Practices
Postal Address:
Schwan's Home Delivery
C/O Home Service Internet Group
115 West College Drive
Marshall, MN 56258
Phone:
1-888-SCHWANS (1-888-724-9267)
Last updated: May 23, 2019
Shopping at Schwans.com is safe. Cygnus Home Service, LLC dba Schwan’s Home Delivery (hereafter referred to as “We”, “Our” or “Us”)
understands that our customers require a safe, secure, and quality online shopping experience. Schwans.com
protects customer information by adhering to security best practices and industry standards.
Site Security
Encryption Technology: We utilize Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology.
Online Username and Password: We protect access to your online accounts by requiring you to provide your
username and password to access your customer account.
Security Scans and Testing: Regular security scans and testing are completed on Schwans.com to ensure
customer safety.
Time-outs: Your online session will automatically time-out after 20 minutes if there is no activity on
the site. If you receive a time-out message, you will need to re-log in to access your account.
Protecting Yourself Online
Always Log Out: If using a public computer or terminal, always log out and close the browser when you
complete an online session.
Protect Your Passwords: Do not share your passwords. Keep them private. Avoid using the same password
for multiple accounts.
Create Strong Passwords: When creating a password, use a combination of letters and numbers with a
minimum length of 8 characters. Do not use your username for a password. Do not use dictionary words. Do
not use information that can be easily found out about yourself such as your first or last name. Avoid
easily guessed passwords such as "123456", "pass123", "password", or "secret".
Frequently Update Passwords: Change your password periodically and remember, we will never
ask you for your password.
Review Your Online Accounts: Log in regularly to view your account details to see if there are any
transactions you do not recognize.
Monitor Your Credit Report: Regularly review your credit reports to safeguard yourself from identity
theft before any damage is done.
Warning About Suspicious Email
Unsolicited email asking for your personal information is a type of "phishing" scam. If you receive an email
that looks like it is from us asking for your personal information, do not respond. We will never ask you
for your password, username, credit card information, or other personal information through emails.
What to do if you receive a suspicious email?
If you receive an email you think is a forgery of our emails or you are concerned about your Schwans.com
account, please report it right away through one of the options below. If you believe your Schwans.com
account may be compromised, please change your password immediately.
This information may change at any time. Please check back periodically for any updates to this policy.
Top
Back to Top
Discover Your Delivery Options
Search Delivery Areas
Zip Code
Cancel