https://www.dancefashionswarehouse.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyAt Dance Fashions, we treat your privacy with utmost respect. The following is our policy regarding user privacy and our web site.
Information Collection and Use
We request information from our customer during the order process such as billing name and address and shipping name and address along with financial information such as credit card number.This information is solely  used for billing purposes. We use this information to verify transactions and contact customers if necessary.
Cookies
We use cookies which are small text files stored on your device related to your use of the web site. We set the cookies to trace the shopping cart activities. No personal information is stored in these cookies.
Information Sharing
Dance Fashions will never share your personal information with third parties. We use a credit card processing company  to bill users for purchases. The credit card processing company will also  not share your information with third companies.
Security
You can shop at dancefashionswarehouse.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net , a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
E Mail Notifications
Occasioanlly, we send e mails in the forms of newsletters, promotional offers,updates reagrding our web-site and sevices we offer.
Contact Information
You can reach us Monday through Friday between 10.00 am to 7.00 pm & Saturday between 10.00 am to 6.00 pm Eastern to talk to a live person.
You cam also reach us via:
E-Mail at info@dfwga.com or via toll free 1-877-326-9323
We have been in business since 1988 and located at:
Dance Fashions
6142 Roswell Rd
Atlanta, Ga 30328