https://www.dartworld.com/dealers/dart-world-security-privacy.html
Home
Dart World Dealers Security and Privacy
Dart World Dealers Security and Privacy
Dart World, Inc. Dealers Privacy Policy :
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Dart World, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of this website (each, a "User").
Privacy:
Users privacy is very important to Dart World, Inc. Dart World, Inc. is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Dart World, Inc..
The information Dart World, Inc. collects:
Dart World, Inc. may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Dart World, Inc. may also collect information about how Users use our website, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the website or the domains from which Users originate. We may use "cookies" to track how Users use our website. A cookie is a piece of software that a webserver can store on the Users PC and use to identify the User should they visit the website again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our website.How Dart World, Inc. uses information:
Dart World, Inc. may use personally identifiable information collected through our website to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Dart World, Inc. and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Users experience with Dart World, Inc. and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of information:
Dart World, Inc. does not disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to any outside organizations without the prior consent of the User.
If you have any questions about this policy, or feel it is not being enforced properly, please contact Dart World, Inc. at webmaster@dartworld.com
Terms of Use
By accessing the Dart World, Inc. site (the ôSiteö), you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use.
You are not authorized and you agree not to access or use this Site (i) through the use of high-volume, automated, electronic processes, or (ii) to deep-link to or frame any page or part of this Site, or (iii) for the purpose or purposes of using any of the information contained in this Site in any manner that violates these Terms and Conditions of Use or any of the rights of Dart World, Inc.. The information in this Site is provided by Dart World, Inc. for information purposes and to enable you to purchase certain Dart World, Inc. products online.
You agree that you may use the information provided in this Site only for lawful purposes.
You further agree that the information in this Site is the exclusive property of Dart World, Inc. and that the dissemination or other use of this information, except as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions of Use and as used in connection with your purchase of Dart World, Inc. products through this Site, is expressly prohibited. Security Policy
Dart World, Inc. is committed to providing you with a safe shopping experience. Dart World, Inc. uses a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. When you place an order or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Technology, and then encrypted into our databases, only to be accessed as stated above. If you do no wish to shop online, you can place your order by phone by contacting customer service at
800-225-2558. Our Office hours are 9AM-5PM Monday-Friday
Legal Terms and Conditions
This website and its contents are provided by Dart World, Inc. on an ôas isö basis without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied, as to the websiteÆs operation or content.
To The fullest extent permitted by law, Dart World, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied. Dart World, Inc. will not be liable foe damages of any kind arising from your use of or inability to use this website, including without limitation, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of consequential or incidental damages and the above limitations may not apply to you.
Dart World, Inc. reserves all current and future rights and remedies, including the right to terminate your access to the Site, in its sole discretion, if you violate any of the Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time.
Disclaimer:
Although Dart World, Inc. strives to continually update the Site, Dart World, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the information available through the site is accurate, complete or current. Dart World, Inc. is not responsible for typographical errors. Information regarding price and availability is subject to change without notice.Copyright and Trademarks:
All compilation and content of this website, including its assembly, design, text, illustrations, photographs, logos, etc., is the intellectual property of Dart World, Inc. and its content suppliers and constitutes copyrighted material, trademarks and/or trade dress. All worldwide rights, titles and interests are reserved.
Applicable Law
The laws of the state of  Massachusetts will govern these Terms of Use without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law