https://www.golfworks.com/privacy-policy/a/72/
Due to a high demand, unprecedented shipping volumes being experienced by our shipping partners and carriers and the COVID related delays, we are currently experiencing 7-12 days for order delivery.
1-800-848-8358
Favorites
Help
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Effective January 1, 2020. The GolfWorks ("GolfWorks", “us”, “our” or “we”) provide this privacy policy (this "Policy") to inform you of: (1) the types of information we collect; (2) your choices surrounding such information; and (3) how we collect, use, share, update and secure such information. This Policy applies to information obtained through our website or other online services, at our Newark, OH location, or any communications with us such as via email or phone (our “Sites”). We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “effective date” date at the top of this policy. By using our Sites, you acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We may also ask you to affirmatively agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, such as when registering an account with us or completing a purchase. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, we can be reached via e-mail, phone or mail at the contact information below (Section IX). I. Types of Information Collected Some of the information we collect is personal information, which generally means information that identifies you as an individual, and other information we associate with it.
This may include a name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit/debit card information (and related payment information). We collect a few categories of information, from a few different sources: A. Information You Provide:
We receive information you provide to us when you:
create an online or offline customer account, make a purchase or otherwise provide information to us for services we provide; complete order forms, such as for custom club fittings, other customized products or for product repairs; participate in customer research, surveys, sweepstakes or promotions that we might offer; subscribe for mail, email, text, or other communications from us; apply for a job; or otherwise communicate with us, including by email or through our call center.
B. Information We Receive From Third Parties:
We may receive information you provide on behalf of third parties, or third parties provide on your behalf, including but not limited to gift recipients or other purchases.
We may also receive information from sources assisting us with (i) updating, enhancing, improving and/or analyzing our records or data; (ii) performing marketing and research services; or (iii) detecting fraud or theft. C. Information that is passively collected when you use our Sites: When you visit our Sites or interact with us through your device, we may collect "User Activity Information" through Cookies, Pixels or other similar technologies. "Cookies" are small text files sent to your web browser when you visit our Sites and saved on your device. "Pixels" (also known as web beacons or tags) are a common form of web technology used on our Sites to monitor visits to certain pages within, interactions with, and the effectiveness of, our Sites. D. Social Media: We may engage with current and prospective customers through different social media platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter). If you contact us through one of these platforms, request customer service via social media or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this Policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform being used. For additional information and more details on how you can manage the information provided to us by these social media services, please review the privacy settings applicable to your account with the applicable social media service. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such services. Please consult the privacy policy of such services for additional information. II. How We Use Your Information Consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws, we use your information in the following ways:
Fulfilling, delivering and communicating with you regarding orders for products or services, or other requests you may send us. Those who supply us with a telephone number will only receive telephone calls from us in connection with such orders or other requests.
Processing payments, returns and other such transactions. Evaluating an application for employment. Administering surveys, sweepstakes, contests or promotions. Registering and servicing customer accounts. Providing customer service. Conducting research and analysis. Alerting you to product, service and promotional information, including product recalls. Helping us to improve and customize our products and services, Sites and Internet Marketing Channels. To advertise our products and services to you and those of our partners that we think may be of
interest to you. Protecting the security and integrity of our Sites and business operations. As may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection.
In doing so, we may:
Combine certain personal information and non-personal information collected online and offline, including information collected from third parties; Retain the information as needed to provide you with products and services, comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements as necessary in our sole discretion; Process User Activity Information to associate you with your interactions on our Sites; including to recognize you and your preferences as you return to our Sites, tailor advertisements to you, and to provide other services to you. We may display targeted ads to you through internet marketing channels. These ads are sent to groups of people who may share common traits, such as likely commercial interests or demographics. For example, if you have expressed an interest in shopping for certain golf products, we may specifically market those golf products to you. In addition to such tailoring, we use User Activity Information to ensure that our online presence operates properly and efficiently for you and for your individual customer experience, to evaluate the use and benefit of such presence, and to support our Sites and internet marketing channels; and Use location information from your device in order to deliver marketing messages to you which may be more relevant to your general location. We may also use this data to track the effectiveness of local marketing campaigns.
User Activity Information is used to identify user preferences and session information, such as items added to a shopping cart, what pages were accessed or visited, identify additional pages or products that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our Sites, customize webpage content based on your browser type and connection and personalize your shopping experience.
More specifically, User Activity Information we collect through these technologies can include internet protocol (IP) addresses, device characteristics (such as connection type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution), location information, user ID, and your interactions with our Sites, such as which webpages you visit, your keyword searches, and the products or product categories viewed.
User activity information may also include information about your mobile device if it is being used to visit the Sites (such as device model, operating system, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). In addition, while User Activity Information does not generally identify or relate to you as an individual, we may associate this type of information with you as an individual and/or determine your general location from this information. III. How We Share Your Information We may share your information (including personal information) with the following categories of third parties, where consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws:
With suppliers, service providers and other third party businesses that assist with our business operations, such as product manufacturers, shipping vendors, billing or other payment vendors, payment card processors, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, marketing and research vendors and various companies that work with us to improve or provide our products and services. While we are not involved in the day-to-day operations of such businesses and providers, our agreements generally obligate them to use reasonable methods to keep any personal information safe and secure, and not use such personal information for purposes other than providing their applicable services. To comply with applicable law or reasonable requests based upon governmental regulation, court order, subpoena or similar related action. As we deem necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GolfWorks, our customers, employees or others, to prevent harm or loss, or in connection with an investigation or suspected or actual unlawful activity. In connection with certain promotions or sweepstakes you may participate in; to the extent that the promotion’s rules regarding your personal information are stricter than this Privacy Policy, the promotion’s rules apply. To the extent permitted by law, User Activity Information that is passively collected when you use our Sites as described above may be shared with our online and email advertisers or other third-party vendors we use who may provide technologies on our Sites or other websites to manage and improve our online and email advertising campaigns. As we deem necessary in connection with the corporate sale (asset or stock), merger, reorganization, change in corporate control, acquisition, insolvency, bankruptcy or similar event affecting our business, provided that your information will be subject to the same terms in this Privacy Policy. As may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection. If you agreed to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. We will only share your e-mail address if you have opted in by checking the box on the registration page. Additionally, each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail.
IV. Your Choices Regarding Your Information We provide customers with a number of choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of personal information:
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know. In addition, any marketing email we send you will include a simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future marketing e-mails from us. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know. Upon a verified request we can provide your account and transaction information (e.g., dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases). You can also have us update or otherwise correct inaccuracies with your contact information and other account information.
You can submit any of these requests to us via the contact information below (Section IX). V. Security We use a variety of security measures to help protect personal information and transactions we process. Online customer accounts are password-protected with restricted access. While no company can guarantee the security of your information, we use a variety of security measures at our physical facilities and for online systems that are designed to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information. VI. Children Our Sites are "general audience" websites and not directed toward children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you believe we have unauthorized information about a child under the age of 13, please let us know via the contact information below (Section IX). VII. Privacy Policy Updates We may, from time to time, update and revise this Privacy Policy. Please periodically check this webpage for any updates or revisions. In the event we make a material change to how we use your information that would materially adversely affect your rights, we will provide you advance notice such by posting the proposed change on our Sites in advance of the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree to the changes and do not wish to be bound by such changes, you should stop using the Sites, and if you are a registered user, you may cancel your account with us via the contact information below (Section IX). VIII. State-Specific Notices For California residents, please see CA Disclosures regarding additional notices and privacy disclosures applicable to you. For Nevada residents, please note that we do not sell personal information as defined by Nevada law (Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 603A, Section 1.6). You can submit a request to us regarding the sale of such information via the contact information below (Section IX). IX. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or to contact us for any of the items raised above in this policy, please email us at golfworks@golfworks.com or by telephone at 1-800-848-8358.
You can also reach us by mail at our postal address:
GolfWorks
4820 Jacksontown Road
P.O. Box 3008
Newark, Ohio 43058-3008
If you feel that our Sites are not following its stated information policy, you may contact via the contact information above and/or notify the DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, or your state or local chapter of the Better Business Bureau.