http://www.forcedperformance.net/privacy-policy.html
forcedperformance.net: Privacy Policy
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
0
972-984-1800|
Orders|
My Account
0 Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop
FP Turbos
Race Turbochargers
Street Turbochargers
Truck Turbochargers
Xona Rotor
Motorsport Turbochargers
Direct Fitment Turbochargers
Borg Warner
Subaru
WRX/STi JB Turbochargers
WRX/STi BB Turbochargers
FA20 Turbochargers
Intake System
Turbo Hardware
EVO
Evo 4-9 JB Turbochargers
Evo 4-9 BB Turbochargers
Evo X Turbochargers
Intake
Exhaust
Hardware
DSM
DSM Turbochargers
Turbo Hardware
Exhaust
Intake System
Accessories
Silicone Couplers
Clamps/Flanges
Oil Lines/Filters
Turbine Housings
Apparel
TialSport
Services
Turbo Upgrades
Turbo Rebuilds
Coating
Troubleshooting
Tech Library
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology. Credit Card Policy
We do accept all forms of credit card; Visa, Master Card, Discover and American Express, however, we do have very strict rules regarding credit card charges and shipping.
1. Shipping - All items must be shipped to the person and the address that are listed with that credit card issuer. We will only make considerations for repeat customers. If you must have an item shipped to another address, please contact your CC company and have the address added as an "alternate" or "secondary" shipping address.
As an added safety precaution to your package, we require any order over $75.00 to have a signature required. All first time customers will be required to keep this option, however, if you are a repeat customer and you are comfortable in having packages left at your address, you may call in prior to shipping to have this option removed.
2. All orders shipped UPS Ground - Air shipment privileges are reserved for repeat customers only and must ship to the same address as previous orders and use the same credit card as on file.
Please do not use other peoples cards - Fathers', mothers', ex-wives', room-mates', etc. If your name isn't on the card, we cannot accept it.
4. When ordering by CC - please be sure that we have a valid phone number on file where we can reach you 24 hours a day. Should we have a problem with your credit card, we need to be able to contact you to rectify the problem. If we cannot contact you within 2 or 3 tries, your order will be canceled and we will not continue to try to hunt you down.
5. First Time Purchasers - each new customer will be required to fill out our New Customer Credit Card Authorization Form for any credit card charges. You will also be required to send a copy of your State Issued Photo ID as well as a copy of the front and back of the credit card for verification. Our New Customer Credit Card Authorization Form will be emailed to you after placing your order with a sales person or through our website.
6. To all of our honest customers - We apologize for the restrictions; however, it is necessary for our protection as well as yours. Unfortunately, when thieves use stolen credit cards, it is not the Credit Card Companies that takes the hit; rather it is the business who must consume these losses. We do our very best to take every order and every credit card very seriously to minimize these losses. We greatly appreciate your understanding and will continue to do our best for our valued customers.
Categories
Forced Performance Xona Rotor Borg Warner Evo Subaru DSM BMW Accessories Services SxS UTV Honda
Our Story
Forced Performance is a leader in the custom turbochargers industry and we have been working for more than 20 years to keep delivering the performance and reliability you need.
Categories
Forced Performance
Xona Rotor
Lancer/EVO
DSM
Subaru
Accessories
Services
Helpful Links
Home
About Us
Privacy and Credit Card Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
Contact
601 Martin Duke Rd Van Alstyne, TX 75495 972-984-1800 Email Us
Connect With Us
Copyright © 2020 . | Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software by Miva, Inc.
HOME SHOP CART LINKS
LINKS×
Home
About Us
Privacy and Credit Card Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Site Map
Contact Us