https://www.firelight.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
At Firelight Glass, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you for processing our orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read the information below for more details about our privacy policy.What information are we collecting? How are we using it?When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, shipping address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the web site, new services, and special offers that we think you may find interesting.Will Firelight Glass disclose the information it collects to outside parties?No! Never! Not under any circumstances!How does Firelight Glass protect my personal information?When you place orders, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.To summarizeWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Firelight Glass possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.Your agreementBy using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Firelight Glass. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Your FeedbackFirelight Glass welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please use this link to send e-mail Information.Thank you for shopping at Firelight Glass! For more information see our Contact page.
Search Products…CartShop by StyleArchitectural
Personalized
Chimneys
Tablelights
Taper Candles
Wedding
Contact
info@firelight.com
US: 1.800.821.7112
International: 510.652.6731
Follow Us
Facebook
Yelp
Firelight Glass | We’ve Moved! 2181 Williams St., San Leandro, CA 94577 | Shipping Policy | Privacy Policy | site by bizdetail*Product images may not be to scale, and feature the same product in a different size.
×Cart