https://www.flyingcirclegear.com/privacy-policy/
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
Last updated: 24 May 2018.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Thank you for visiting our Web site. Even though we like to have fun around the office (we've often been told we should have our own reality TV show...imagine something along the lines of Duck Dynasty meets Jackass...), security is something we take very seriously at Flying Circle. The protection of your privacy and your personal information as you interact with us online is very important to us, and we have security safeguards and online information practices in place to keep your data secure.
Data Collection & Use
Non-Identifying Information
In general, you can browse Flying Circle Bag Co.’s Web site (“Site”) without revealing who you are or any personal information. Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Flying Circle Bag Co. utilizes Google Analytics to gather data about our visitors. At times, we also utilize these Google features: (i) Remarketing (ii) Google Display Network Impression Reporting (iii) Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google Analytics records data such as (i) what website you came from to get our Site; (ii) how long you stay on our Site; (iii) what kind of computer you’re using; and more.
This information is used to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, to measure the use of our Site, and to improve the content of our Site.
We compile aggregate statistics about the traffic on our website. No personal identifying data is included in this type of reporting.
All of our activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service.
You can opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie or use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software.
What Information Do We Collect About You and Why?
We may collect information about you directly from you, automatically through your use of our Site, from other sources available on the internet, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Personal Information Collected Directly from Customers and How We Use Your Information
There are some areas of the Site where we ask you to provide us your personal information. On those pages, you can order Flying Circle products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email Address, Phone Number, and Credit/Debit Card Information, etc. On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a Flying Circle gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
The personal information you provide will be used for processing your order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We may also occasionally use your personal information for marketing research and other marketing purposes, for providing you with the latest Flying Circle product and promotional information, notifying you about updates to our Site, and other information that might be useful to you.
The information we collect may also be disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Site and applicable laws, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site, or to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other corporate change respecting the Site.
Email
If you supply your email address online or in person, you may receive periodic emails from us with information about new products or services, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by using the "unsubscribe" link that is included in all of our non-transactional email messages or by emailing us at privacy@flyingcirclegear.com. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will make sure your name is removed from our email distribution list.  Some communications from us are considered transactional or service communications (for example, important order notifications and billing information), and your account(s) and purchases of Flying Circle products are provided to you upon the condition that you receive these communications from us.
Phone
If you supply your telephone number online, the only time we will use it is when you ask us to contact you by phone or if we are having difficulty processing your request and we cannot contact you by email.
Mailing Address
If you supply us with your postal address online, your address will be used to deliver the items you ordered and for communication regarding your order if we are unable to contact you via phone and email.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
We will never sell your personal information to third parties.
Information We Collect Automatically
We may automatically collect information about your use of our site through cookies. Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a Web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to store your preferences in order to present content, options, or functions that are specific to you. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information to analyze Site traffic and store information about your Site preferences. Cookies do not allow us access to your computer or information about you, other than what you choose to share with us.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use our site with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
Upon request, we provide Site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them. You can access this information by calling us at the toll-free number listed below or emailing us at privacy@flyingcirclegear.com.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Security Measures
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities and electronically to protect against the unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Site. In addition, all sensitive information, including credit card details, is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our Web site cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
We strongly recommend you do not transmit sensitive information to us via email. Should you need to communicate such information, unrelated to placing an online order, please call us at the toll-free number below.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web site may include links to other Web sites, which are not owned or operated by Flying Circle. The links to these sites are provided as a convenience to you. When visiting these Web site links, your privacy is governed by each respective site's privacy policy and practices, not by Flying Circle's privacy policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any third-party website or application you visit or use. Although we are not responsible for the content and activities of such third party websites, we do seek to protect the integrity of our website, and would thus welcome your feedback regarding such websites if you have any concerns you wish to share with us.
Data Retention
We will hold your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Policy or as long as we are legally required or permitted to do so. Information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
Your Choices and Rights
We offer the options described below for exercising rights and choices under applicable laws. Many of these are subject to important limits or exceptions under applicable law.
Customers. If you are a Customer:
You may review and update certain information by logging into your account and reviewing and updating your information.
In addition, the law of your jurisdiction (for example, within the EEA) may give you additional rights to request access to and rectification or erasure of certain personal data we hold. In some cases, you may be entitled to receive a copy of the personal data you provided to us in portable form or to request that we transmit it to a third party. The law may also give you the right to request restrictions on the processing of your personal data, to object to processing of your personal data, or to withdraw consent for the processing of your personal data (which will not affect the legality of any processing that happened before your request takes effect). You may contact us via email or telephone as described below to make these requests.
You may contact us with any concern or complaint regarding our privacy practices, and you also may lodge a complaint with the relevant governmental authority.
Access To My Personal Data
Upon request Flying Circle will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal data. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal data by logging into your account, contacting us at privacy@flyingcirclegear.com, or by updating your profile information. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal data, or may need to retain your personal data in order to continue providing a service. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site or Mobile Apps for a period of time. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Changes to This Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes. In addition, we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us using the details below.
Our postal address is: PO Box 1857 Boerne, TX 78006 We can be reached via email at privacy@flyingcirclegear.com. We can be reached via telephone at 800-344-7242.
0
Shop All
Military Bags
All Military Bags
Military Backpacks
Hydration Backpacks
Tactical Laptop Backpacks
Helmet Bags
Flight Bags
Travel Bags
All Travel Bags
Business Backpacks
Tactical Duffel Bags
Garment Bags
Travel Totes
Crossbody Bags
Children's Bags
Tech Cases & Bags
All Tech Cases & Bags
Military iPad Cases
Tactical Laptop Bags
Tactical Padfolios
Tablet Messenger
Tactical Gun Cases
All Tactical Gun Cases
Soft Gun Cases
Concealed Carry Bags
Tactical Range Bags
Travel Accessories
All Travel Accessories
Travel Toiletry Bags
Patches
Luggage Handle Wraps
Luggage Tag Sets
Hydration Reservoirs
Wallets
Bargain Bundles
Sale