http://www.dalescraft.com/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Terms
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BUSINESS1. This website is operated by dalescraft. Terms such as "we", "us" and "our" refer to dalescraft where they are used in these terms and conditions.2. By purchasing something from our ecommerce store, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this document.3. Incorporated into these terms are also the terms and conditions as laid out in our privacy policy and refund policy.ONLINE SHOPPING4. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that the details displayed for a particular item offered for sale are correct at the time when the information was entered onto the system.5. Whilst care is taken to ensure that we display as accurately as possible appearances, colours, textures or finishes, what you will see on your computer monitor or equipment may differ and so we cannot guarantee that images are an accurate representation of the actual goods or services that you are purchasing.6. We may not be able to accept your order due to one or more of the following reasons, or for a reason not listed below:i) The item you have ordered is out of stockii) We cannot authorise your payment or have reasonable grounds to suspect your payment may be fraudulentiii) There has been a pricing or product description erroriv) There is a system or procurement failurev) You have failed our customer validation checks7. When you place an order you will receive an email confirming the details of your order. This email is not confirmation that your order has been accepted by us.8. Your order will only be accepted by us once your goods have been dispatched.DELIVERY9. On completing your purchase you will be presented with one or more options for delivery. Where an estimated timescale for delivery is provided, this is an estimate only and your items may be delayed in being received due to circumstances beyond our control (such as a courier delay, or at busy times).10. Where you select a "next day delivery" option, orders placed on Fridays, Saturdays or Sundays may not be despatched for delivery until the following Monday and so may not be received until Tuesday.ORDER CANCELLATION11. If you wish to cancel an order you have placed you must contact us immediately to ascertain whether the items have been dispatched or not. Where they have been dispatched, you will need to return the item to us and you will be responsible for paying the cost of returning the items.12. Where items have not been dispatched prior to a cancellation request our refund policy will apply.13. Where you have ordered a personalised, perishable or time critical item (such as food, newspapers, event tickets or e-vouchers) you may not be able to cancel for a full refund.LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY14. We shall not be liable for any direct, special, indirect or consequential or incidental damages including loss of profit or loss of opportunity as a result of the use of or the inability to use any items that have been ordered on this website.15. You agree to indemnify us and our agents, officers, directors and employees, immediately and on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of any of our terms and conditions.JURISDICTION16. These terms and conditions shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.ENTIRE AGREEMENT17. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and XXX whether written or oral.GENERAL18. We may change these terms and conditions at any time.19. Should any part-term or term be found to be unenforceable then the remainder of the terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect as if the invalidated term was not present.20. Should any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these terms and conditions arise where it is beyond our reasonable control, we will not be responsible to you for such delay or failure.
X
This website uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience on our website. Read our
privacy policy.
I accept