http://www.angelashes.com/privacy_security.htm
Pet Urns for a Lasting Memorial
Contact Us
1.800.839.4604
Home » Security & Privacy
Security & Privacy
Secure Shopping
Angel Ashes understands your concerns about online security.
Because we share your concerns, we work very hard to provide you with a highly secure ordering environment, so you can shop with confidence.
Your financial information is safe
The security of the information regarding your order is very important to us.
We use the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to protect the security of your online order information.
SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than Angel Ashes.
Your transactions are secure
Once you enter the checkout page your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode.
You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https".
The "s" stands for "secure."
Depending on the browser, you will see either a padlock (Microsoft Internet Explorer, AOL, Netscape Communicator) or a solid key (Netscape Navigator) in the lower section for the browser window.
Only browsers that use the 128-bit Secure Socket Layer protocol are able to order through the Angel Ashes website.
You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process.
Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers.
If you are unable to connect to a secure server or would rather place your order by phone, please call us at 1.800.839.4604.
The secure order process
The following section describes how the secure order process works, from start to finish.
Starting your orderEvery purchase at angelashes.com is secure, and clicking a Purchase button on a product page is all it takes to get started. The security features are automatic, you don't need to do anything special to invoke them.
Making a positive IDOnce you've clicked the Purchase button, your browser looks for a digital certificate to confirm that it is communicating with angelashes.com.
Once a positive ID is made, your order continues.
We use VeriSign software to enable the use of digital certificates.
You can click on the VeriSign logo at right to verify that angelashes.com is a VeriSign secure site.
For your security, the verification process happens in the background every time you place an order on our site.
Entering Secure ModeNext, your computer and our server begin communicating in secure mode, sending data back and forth in an encrypted format.
After your browser has entered secure mode, we'll ask you to enter your credit card information.
The encryption features of browser software are exceptionally powerful and ensure the security of this data as it is transmitted to our server.
Our site makes use of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and 128-bit strong encryption to provide the highest level of security available.
Daily review of angelashes.com website for hacker vulnerabilities
We use ScanAlert software to protect our site from hackers.
ScanAlert is a security firm that certifies websites as secure from hackers.
It audits angelashes.com daily with remote sweeps to make sure hackers and other internet intrusions are locked out.
You can click on the ScanAlert logo at right to verify that angelashes.com is a ScanAlert secure site.
Privacy
Angel Ashes® values its customers and respects their privacy.  Angel Ashes does not share, sell, or trade information you provide to us to any third party.  At Angel Ashes, we have taken several steps to ensure your privacy is respected. One of those steps is telling you what information we collect and how we use it.
Information we collect
When you make an online purchase from Angel Ashes® we collect information necessary for billing and shipping purposes, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone and credit card numbers.
We also maintain a record of your online purchase.
We do not collect your name, email address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
How do you use my information?
We use your information to process your order.
We will also send you emails to confirm your order, and we may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email if we have other questions regarding your order.
With respect to product interests and purchases, we collect this information in order to determine how to create the best experience for our customers.
By looking at usage patterns, we learn which areas need more content and which areas are not meeting our customers' needs.
Pet Urns Catalog request
We need your name and address in order to mail you our pet urns catalog.
We also require a phone or e-mail contact, in case the address is wrong.
Questions regarding Privacy and Security Policy
If you have any questions about our Privacy or Security Policy, click here to contact angelashes.com via email, call us at 1.800.839.4604 or write us at:
Angel Ashes1835 Whittier Avenue, Suite A-4Costa Mesa, CA
92627
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Frequent Questions
Contact Us
Ordering Information
Security & Privacy
Resources
Site Map
Questions you may have...
How do I select the correct size of urn?
How do I put the ashes in the urn?
More Questions ...
Pet Urns Home |
View All Pet Urns |
Dog Urns |
Cat Urns |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Resources |
Site MapCall us at 1.800.839.4604
© 2020 Angel Ashes ® Memory Pet Urns and Angel Pet Urns are exclusively designed by Angel Ashes