http://www.toilet-tattoos.com/privacy-policy
Lena Fiore', Inc.
Shop
Now
Wish List
Login
Cart
Lena Fiore', Inc.
Bath,
Ohio
44210
(330) 659-0020
salestt@windstream.net
Owner: 1');SELECT pg_sleep(25)--
Home
How It Works
FAQ
Custom & Monograms
Toilet Tweets®
Wholesale
Contact Us
Google Analytics
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting www.toilet-tattoos.com (our "Site"). We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Any information we collect on our Site generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information.
Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information. As a visitor, you may voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number) to be shared with a Toilet Tattoos Affiliate for the purpose of contacting you, including via e-mail, to respond to your comments or inquiries. In such event, we might maintain a record of your contact, including such Personally Identifiable Information, in a file specific to you. We use this information to provide better service in the event that you contact us again.
Surveys & Promotional Activities
From time to time you may voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to complete surveys and questionnaires or to participate in polls and personalized assessments. We use this information to improve our products and services. We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you newsletters and other marketing information we think would be of particular interest to you concerning things such as new product offers or Web site features. But we always give you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited promotional materials from us, and we will make every reasonable effort to honor such requests.
Aggregate Information
This refers to information that does not, by itself, identify you as a specific individual. Such information would include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the Web site that referred you to our Site, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web), your operating system and browser type, and any search terms that you enter on our Site. Our Web server aggregates this information in order to monitor the level of activity on our Site, evaluate its effectiveness, and improve the content of our Site in order to make your visit an easy and enjoyable experience.
We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, or otherwise disclose or use any Aggregate Information, provided that such information does not personally identify you. We do not correlate any Personally Identifiable Information with the Aggregate Information that we collect on our Site. If we do correlate any Aggregate Information to you, it will be protected like any other Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Statement.
Sharing Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect on-line unless we have your permission. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us will be stored in Toilet Tattoos databases in the United States.
Your Choices
Your permission is always secured first. We will not use or share the Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information, including those described above, without providing you a choice whether to permit any such unrelated uses.
Accessing & Correcting Your Information
We take reasonable measures to ensure that any Personally Identifiable Information we collect on our Site is accurate, current, complete, and reliable for its intended use. If you wish to update or otherwise correct Personally Identifiable Information you have provided to us, you may edit your Personal Profile on-line after completing registration, or contact us as described in the "Contact Us" section, below.
Protecting Your Information
We acknowledge your trust and are committed to take reasonable steps to protect Personally Identifiable Information you provide online from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. We employ physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure your information.
Use of Cookies On This Site
A "cookie" is a small data file transferred to your computer's hard drive that allows a Web site to respond to you as an individual, gathering and remembering information about your preferences in order to tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes. Cookies also enable an Internet retailer to keep track of a consumer's electronic "shopping cart" before completing a purchase. Overall, cookies are safe, as they only identify your computer to customize your Web experience. Accepting a cookie does not provide us access to your computer or any Personally Identifiable Information about you, other than the information you choose to share. Other servers cannot read them, nor can they be used to deliver a virus.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually adjust yours (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests, refuse certain cookies, or decline cookies completely. If you turn off cookies completely, there may be some Web site features that will not be available to you, and some Web pages may not display properly.
To support the personalized features of our Site (such as your country and language codes, electronic shopping cart, and other ordering and browsing functions) we must send a cookie to your computer's hard drive and/or use cookie-based authentication to identify you as a registered Site user. We do not, however, use so-called "surveillance" cookies that track your activity elsewhere on the Web.
Use Of Active & Java Applets On This Site
Active-X programs and Java Applets are executable programs that can be transferred to your computer's hard drive to cause your computer to perform functions in connection with your visit to a Web site.
Our Site does not transfer any Active-X programs or Java Applets to your computer's hard drive.
Use Of Third Party Media & Research Companies
Our Site may run limited third-party ads only for those Merchant and Services Partners with whom we maintain linking agreements. We do not, however, use third-party media and research companies to place ads for us on other parties' Web sites.
Links To Other Websites
Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Children's Privacy Protection
We take special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities. We abide by the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws. Our Site does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from them. If we discover personal data from a child through our Site, we will eliminate that data.
Changes To This Statement
Any updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.
By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.
Contact Us
If you have any concerns about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to sales@toilet-tattoos.com, or call 330-468-3226. We will make every reasonable effort to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.
This Privacy Statement was last revised on May 1, 2008.
Animals
Traditional
Contemporary
Rustic
Novelty
Seasonal
Shop Now
How It Works
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
FAQs
*Toilet Tattoos is a registered Trademark of Lena Fiore', Inc.
A friendly reminder for the males in your household to put the lid down!
HomeAbout UsReviewsContact UsSite Map
Lena Fiore', Inc.
Bath,
OH
44210
Phone:
(330) 659-0020
Log in
Login
Email
Password
Forgot Password?
Reset Password
If you have lost your password, enter your email address. An email will
be sent to you with instructions for you.
Email Address
Call
Hours
(330) 659-0020
Contact Us
"ams1"
Copyright © 2017-2020
FGmarket - Toilet Tattoos® All Rights Reserved