http://www.childhoodfantasiesbear.com/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Childhoodfantasiesbear Inc. ("Childhoodfantasiesbear") operates Childhoodfantasiesbear.com and may operate other websites. It is Childhoodfantasiesbear's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Childhoodfantasiesbear collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Childhoodfantasiesbear's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Childhoodfantasiesbear's visitors use its website. From time to time, Childhoodfantasiesbear may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Childhoodfantasiesbear also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Childhoodfantasiesbear.com blogs/sites. Childhoodfantasiesbear only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Childhoodfantasiesbear's websites choose to interact with Childhoodfantasiesbear in ways that require Childhoodfantasiesbear to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Childhoodfantasiesbear gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Childhoodfantasiesbear.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Childhoodfantasiesbear are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Childhoodfantasiesbear collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Childhoodfantasiesbear. Childhoodfantasiesbear does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Childhoodfantasiesbear may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Childhoodfantasiesbear may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Childhoodfantasiesbear does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Childhoodfantasiesbear discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Childhoodfantasiesbear's behalf or to provide services available at Childhoodfantasiesbear's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Childhoodfantasiesbear's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Childhoodfantasiesbear will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Childhoodfantasiesbear discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Childhoodfantasiesbear believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Childhoodfantasiesbear, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Childhoodfantasiesbear website and have supplied your email address, Childhoodfantasiesbear may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Childhoodfantasiesbear and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Childhoodfantasiesbear takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Childhoodfantasiesbear uses cookies to help Childhoodfantasiesbear identify and track visitors, their usage of Childhoodfantasiesbear website, and their website access preferences. Childhoodfantasiesbear visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Childhoodfantasiesbear's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Childhoodfantasiesbear's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Childhoodfantasiesbear, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Childhoodfantasiesbear goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Childhoodfantasiesbear may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Childhoodfantasiesbear and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Childhoodfantasiesbear may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Childhoodfantasiesbear's sole discretion. Childhoodfantasiesbear encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Childhoodfantasiesbear.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Fire Watch Ventura County – Tips for Selection of A Service Provider
Fire Watch Service in Los Angeles – Qualities Of A Security Guard
Categories
Business
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Jun
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031