http://www.ergopro.com/terms.asp
www.ergopro.com
View Cart: (0 Item $0.00)
Information
Ergonomics
Articles and Resources
Articles
Links
Going Green
Kids Ergonomics
Site Help / FAQ
What We Do
Ergonomic Workstations
Adjustable Height Workstations
WorkRite Sierra HX Electric
WorkRite Sierra HX Electric Base Only
WorkRite Sierra HXL Electric
WorkRite Sierra HXL Electric Base Only
WorkRite Sierra HX Crank
WorkRite Sierra HX Crank Base Only
Idea At Work Proliftix Electrix
Idea At Work Proliftix Crank
Proliftix Crank and Electric Table Base Only
WorkRite and Proliftix Workstation Accessories
Portable Computer Workstations
Laptop Tables
Drafting Tables
Kid's Desks
Sit Stand Workstations
Portable Computer Workstations
Exercise Desks
Bicycle Desks
Treadmill Desks
Ergonomic Chairs
Ergonomic Knee Chairs
Kids Chairs
Soma Ergonomic Chairs
Soma Venture
Soma SacroEase Perfect-Fit
Soma Comfort Chair
Soma Support Chair
Soma Lab Stool
Soma Ergokinetic™ Chair
SomaHybrid™ Sit Stand Chair
Soma Conchairto™ Musician's Chair
Chair Accessories
Armrest Covers
Lumbar Chair Supports
Mousing Platforms
Monitor Arms
WorkRite Monitor Arms
Innovative Monitor Arms
ESI Monitor Arms
ESI Monitor Arm Accessories
Laptop and Tablet Arms
Keyboard Platforms
ESI Keyboard Trays
ESI Keyboard Systems
ESI Keyboard Arms
ESI Keyboard Platforms
ESI Keyboard Accessories
WorkRite Keyboard Trays
WorkStuff Keyboard Trays
WorkStuff Keyboard Systems
WorkStuff Keyboard Accessories
Innovative Keyboard Platforms
Chair Mount Keyboard Trays
Sit Stand Workstations
Ergo Mice
Roller Mice
Vertical Mice
Mouse Accessories
Touchpad Mice
Trackballs
Keyboards
Keyboard Accessories
Adjustable Keyboards
Touchpad Keyboards
Trackball Keyboards
Wireless Keyboards
Flexible & Mouse-Friendly Keyboards
Travel Keyboards
Numeric Keypads
Workstation Accessories
Desktop Air Purifiers
LED Taks Lighting
ESI Task Lighting
WorkRite Task Lighting
CPU Holders and Carts
WorkRite CPU Holder
ESI CPU Holders and Carts
Document and Book Holders
Foot Supports
Heaters and Foot Warmers
Kids Ergonomic Backpacks
Monitor Riser Stands
Stretch Break Software
Laptop Accessories
Travel Keyboards
Adjustable Laptop Tables
Portable Laptop Stands
Laptop Drawers and Trays
Laptop & Tablet Arms
Portable Mice
Chair Workstations
Massive Price Reductions on our TaskMate Go Ergonomic Workstation Line!!Our Everyday Low Price: $443.00New Product!! EasySlide is our best value yet in a fully featured all-metal CPU holder, check it out today! Our Everyday Low Price: $85.00
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.Returns- USA & Canada:Please
inspect your order upon delivery.   If for any reason you are
dissatisfied, you may return MOST "like new" items for a full refund
Within 30 Days. Some items are subject to a re-stock fee. Refer to
individual product specifications for details.
See details below.To make a return, a Return Authorization (RMA) is required. Please
contact us to arrange your return: shelby@ergopro.com or
1-888-311-0332Open box returns may be subject to a 10-25% restocking fee.Some items are subject to a re-stock fee. Refer to individual product specifications for details.
Open box returns must be received in "like new" condition and in all
original factory packaging. They must include all original inserts &
packing slips. Please do not throw away any of the original packaging
materials. If you have lost your packing slip, please include a note
explaining the
reason for the return. Your comments will help us improve our service
and product quality. Refund will be issued upon inspection and approval.
We will credit you in the same manner as your original payment within
30 days of receiving the returned item. In some special cases
restrictions may apply.If product is not defective:The customer is responsible for return shipping.Should the returned item exhibit wear, no credit will be issued. Items must be returned prepaid. We cannot accept returns sent C.O.D. and original shipping charges are not refundable.For your protection, we strongly suggest that you ship all return
packages via UPS or the US Postal Services insured mail. Please note
that you are responsible for the safe return of merchandise and all
shipping costs.If product arrives damaged or wrong product is shipped:If the product arrives to you damaged, is deemed defective, or was mis-shipped, Ergopro will pay the return shipping costs.Warranties:
All items are covered by warranty as specified by the original
manufacturer. Should you experience any problems due to improper
workmanship or material defects, please contact us & we will contact
the manufacturer to arrange for repair or replacement.
Ergopro.com does not provide any warranty beyond that stated by the
original manufacturer nor do we make any claims that any product
supplied by us will necessarily relieve or reduce a particular problem
that you are experiencing. Products supplied by us are not health care
products or medical aids and are not offered as such.
International customers:All payment, shipping, or return requests should be submitted to Bongo at Support@BongoUS.comCopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of ergopro.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to ergopro.com. Copyright 2003, ergopro.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with ergopro.com or purchasing ergopro.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with ergopro.com or to purchase ergopro.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by ergopro.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of ergopro.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of ergopro.comWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ergopro.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. ergopro.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. ergopro.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of Liabilityergopro.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if ergopro.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a ergopro.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, ergopro.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. ergopro.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, ergopro.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by ergopro.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Noticeergopro.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to ergopro.com.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of ergopro.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of ergopro.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. ergopro.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. ergopro.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a ergopro.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimerergopro.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, ergopro.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, ergopro.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to ergopro.com in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ergopro.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, ergopro.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with ergopro.com, ergopro.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of ergopro.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, ergopro.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Shopping Info
View Shopping Cart
Order Status / Login
Category Index
Product Index
Helpful Links
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Join Our Community!
Copyright ©
ergopro.com. All Rights Reserved.
Built with Volusion