http://www.quick2you.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
By using the Site, You agree to and accept the terms of Our Privacy Policy without limitation or qualification and be bound by this Privacy Notice. If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Quick2You, LLC, Sites (collectively, the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that We collect on the Sites and Our call center and does not apply to information which We may collect by other means.
What information do We collect?
We collect Personal Information from You when You place an order, fill out a form and/or field, or attempt to place an order. Any data We request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.
When ordering, attempting to order, and/or registering on Our Sites, as appropriate, You may be asked to enter Your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information and read and agree to the Terms of Use. You may, visit Our Sites anonymously, except that Our Site logs and records the IP address from the computer You are using and that logging may also include, but not be limited to the time and date of such visit(s).
Like most Web sites, We use cookies to enhance Your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to Our Web site. Please refer to the "Do We use cookies?" section below for information about cookies and how We use them.
What do We use Your information for?
Any of the information We collect from You may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve Our Web site (We continually strive to improve Our Web site offerings.)
To improve customer service (Your information helps US to more effectively respond to Your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
To send periodic emails
When Your purchase(s) are shipped to You, Your shipping information will be shared with delivery service providers (U.S. Postal Service, Fed Ex, or other delivery companies We select).
We may share information with third parties for Our marketing or other purposes without Your consent.
The email address You provide for the processing of Your order will only be used to send You information and updates pertaining to Your order submission or request.
If You decide to opt-in to Our mailing list, You will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time You would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails Not related to any orders You have submitted, You may contact US at service@quick2you.com. We reserve the right to send You certain communications relating to Quick2You, LLC the Sites, such as service announcements or similar administrative or transactional messages, without offering You the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
How do We protect Your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of Your Personal Information when You place an order.
These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard Your information or SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that Your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into Our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while We strive to protect Your Personal Information and privacy, We cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information You disclose or transmit to US online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of Your Personal Information.
After a transaction, Your Personal Information may be kept for a period of time in order to keep as a reference for credit card processors, attending to Your needs, fraud prevention or other reasons We may deem necessary.
Do We use cookies and other Technologies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to Your computers hard drive through Your Web browser (if You allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize Your browser and capture and remember certain information. From time to time, We may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Sites, such as but not limited to, how many visitors and which IP addresses visit a specific page or file on the Sites, how long they stay on that page, and potentially any hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that Our Site is accessed. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer whenever You are using the Web. Our Web servers automatically identify Your computer by its IP address. It is Our practice to link the information You provide when We record and log IP addresses, dates, times and other tracking technologies to any Personal Information You submit while on the Sites and We reserve the right to use cookies, IP addresses and other tracking technologies to identify a visitor and/or when We believe it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site's Terms Of Use, policies, to protect the Site, Our visitors, customers, agents or others, or when We believe that the law requires it.
Do We disclose or share any information to outside parties?
We may use trusted third parties who may assist US in operating Our Web site, conducting Our business, or servicing You, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. Also, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We may sometimes use other businesses to perform certain services for US, such as maintaining the Sites, Our mailing lists, and providing marketing assistance and/or data analysis. We may provide Personal Information to those businesses when that information is necessary for them to complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform their duties. Quick2You, LLC will take reasonable steps which We believe are appropriate to help protect Your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction and where possible, will ask that any third parties take comparable steps to protect that security.
We reserve the right to disclose visitor information in special cases when We have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We also reserve the right to disclose visitor and/or purchaser information when We believe that the law requires it. We may also release Your Personal Information when We believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce Our Sites Terms of Use, policies, or protect Ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Who May Use the Sites
We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our Web site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 18 years old or older. If You are under 18, We require that You not send US any Personal Information.
For all International Users, including but not limited to the European Union, unless You consent to the application of United States laws and to the use and disclosure of Your information consistent with this Privacy Notice, You are advised not to disclose Personal Information to Quick2You, LLC. Information sent to US will be housed on servers located in the United States. Your use of the Sites and any transaction arising in connection with such use shall be deemed to have occurred in the State of New York, County of Monroe, where Quick2You, LLC operates the Site.
Call Centers
When You call Our Customer Service Call Center about an order, delivery, billing question or for customer service, You may be asked for Personal Information that identifies You along with additional information We may need to help Us to help You. We may retain this information to assist You in the future.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that We are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Quick2You, LLC business interests Quick2You, LLC, may merge or acquire another company and/or its' customer information data base. Therefore, customer information could transferred in any such transactions or transfers. In the event that Quick2You, LLC or some of Our assets are sold or transferred Your Personal Information may be transferred as part of that transaction.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit Our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of Our Web site and/or products offered, Governing Law and Legal Jurisdiction.
Your Consent
By using the Site, You agree to and accept the terms of Our Privacy Policy without limitation or qualification and be bound by this Privacy Notice.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If We decide to change Our privacy policy, We will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy You may contact US using the information below.
Quick2You LLC3177 Latta Rd #167Rochester, NY 14612 United Statesservice@quick2you.com
Privacy Policy Customer Pledge We have made a dedicated effort to bring Our privacy policy in line with important privacy laws and initiatives such as the Federal Trade Commission Fair Information Practices and others.
Respectfully,
Quick2You, LLC
www.Quick2You.com
This policy was last modified on March 19, 2017
Top
Close
Home
About us
FAQs
The Blog
Contact Us