https://www.continentalshooting.co.uk/online-store-information/terms-conditions/
Home >
Online Store Information >
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
North Ayrshire Shooting Ground Mail Order Terms & Conditions of Business NONE OF OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS AS A CONSUMER Terms updated 02nd June 2016North Ayrshire Shooting Ground is a trading name of Continental Shooting Supplies. Making A Purchase Making a purchase couldn't be easier. Just browse our web site by category or brand and add items to your cart. We try to ensure that 95% of items on the website are in stock although inevitably sometimes we do run out of stock of some items. We will endeavour to email you with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait. We accept Visa, Solo, Maestro (Switch) and MasterCard. You can also pay by cheque/postal order .  We trade in sterling (GBP). If ordering from abroad, please check with your card issuer for their rates and fees for international transactions. Cards keyed online are automatically debited at the time of purchase. Shipping And Handling For simplicity  Shipping and Handling for UK mainland orders is charged at a flat rate of £6.95 including VAT for orders up to £150.00  orders placed over this amount will be sent free of P&P.   As overseas shipping costs vary according to weight/value.  Please place your order as normal.  If there is a shipping surcharge we will notify you and wait for your approval prior to shipping.Cancelling an Order Under the EC Distance Selling Directive, you have the right to cancel the contract for your purchase within 7 working days commencing the day after the date that the items were delivered.
You do not need to give us any reason for cancelling your contract, nor will you have to pay any penalty.
You cannot cancel your contract if the goods are made to order or have been removed from their packaging thus rendering them not "as new". To cancel a contract, write "Cancel Contract" on a piece of paper with your order details (a printout of an email will suffice). Package the items securely and send them to us with the invoice within 7 working days commencing the day after the date that the items were delivered.
We request that you email us through our Contact Us page to tell us that you are returning goods before you send them. 24 hours' advance warning is required for returns.
The return address is:North Ayrshire Shooting Ground , Blackstone Farm, Dalry, Ayrshire, KA24 5HN.
We recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service. Note that you will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us unless we delivered the item to you in error. When we receive the goods with the notice of your cancellation of this order, we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for that item. Once you have notified us that you are cancelling your contract, any sum debited to us from your credit card will be re-credited to your account as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your order, provided that the goods in question are returned by you and received by us in the condition they were in when delivered to you. If you do not return the goods delivered to you or do not pay the costs of delivery, we shall be entitled to deduct the direct costs of recovering the goods from the amount to be re-credited to you. Cancellation by North Ayrshire Shooting Ground Mail Order We reserve the right to cancel the contract between us if:-
a) we have insufficient stock to deliver the goods you have ordered
b) we do not deliver to your area
c) one or more of the goods you have ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or an error in the pricing information received by us from our suppliers.
If we do cancel your contract we will notify you by e-mail and we will re-credit your account with any sum deducted by us from your credit card as soon as possible, but in any event within 30 days of your order. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered. Delivery Schedule Your order will normally be dispatched the same day if we receive it before 2pm UK time Monday to Friday with the exception of Scottish public holidays, but please allow up to 7 working days for delivery.  If your order is urgent and you require guaranteed delivery, please call us or email us first with your contact details and we will call you back to confirm your requirements.Events Beyond our Control We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered, or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to goods delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident. Liability If the goods we deliver are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, we shall have no liability to you unless you notify us in writing (e.g. by email) at our contact address of the problem within 10 working days of the delivery of the goods in question.
If you do not receive goods ordered by you within 30 days of the date on which you ordered them, we shall have no liability to you unless you notify us in writing at our contact address of the problem within 40 days of the date on which you ordered the goods.
If you notify a problem to us under this condition our only obligation will be, at your option:
a) to make good any shortage or non-delivery
b) to replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective
c) to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question in whatever way we choose. Save as precluded by law, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of any problem you notify to us under this condition and we shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question under paragraph c) above. You must observe and comply with all applicable regulations and legislation, including obtaining all necessary customs, import or other permits to purchase goods from our site.
The importation or exportation of certain of our goods to you may be prohibited by certain national laws. We make no representation and accept no liability in respect of the export or import of the goods you purchased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence. Tax Charges For orders made from within the European Union, 20% UK VAT is added. The only exception to this is the Channel Islands, where no VAT is charged. Any other taxes or import duties will be the responsibility of the purchaser. Credit Card Security Online credit card transactions are handled securely by specialised payment processors. They comply with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards (DSS) and are externally audited in this respect. Guarantee on products we sell We guarantee your satisfaction. All products carry a minimum of 1 year's warranty against failure and defects under reasonable operating conditions. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. Product Variances Pictures are for illustration only, however, the product you receive will be of the same quality and performance.  Please allow slack with cables, due to manufacturing tolerances and metric/imperial conversions, there may be up to 10% variance in dimensions. Complaints Procedure In the unlikely event that you have a complaint concerning an order through North Ayrshire Shooting Ground Mail Order, either:-
i. Email tom@continentalshooting.co.uk. We will acknowledge receipt of your email within 2 working days.
ii. Write to North Ayrshire Shooting Ground, Blackstone Farm, Dalry, Ayrshire KA24 5HN,
iii. Telephone 01294 833297 (+44 1294 833297 from outside the UK). A senior manager at North Ayrshire Shooting Ground Mail Order will personally deal with your complaint and you will be kept informed during all stages of the complaints procedure. Privacy Policy North Ayrshire Shooting Ground  Mail Order are committed to protecting your privacy. Use of Cookies We use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This includes using a "cookie" which is stored by your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998). Information we collect about you. We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process and deliver your order and secondly, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you except in connection with your current order or query unless you are subscribed to our mailing list. We will not supply any of your details to any third party in the future except for the purposes of debt recovery, unless required by law. The type of information we will collect about you includes: your name, address, phone number, email address, goods ordered and credit/debit card details. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. For our full Privacy and Cookie Policy click hereRemittance Terms All goods remain the property of North Ayrshire Shooting Ground until paid for in full. Invalidity If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected. Governing Law This contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Scottish law and the Scottish courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us. Third Party Rights Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to this agreement has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
‹
›
×
×
Previous
Next