http://www.racinggreencars.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Updated May 2018
1: This
site is controlled and operated by Racing Green Cars Ltd from the
United Kingdom and complies with English Law.  All visits to
this site shall be governed by English Law.
2: No
material from this site may be copied, uploaded, posted, modified or
distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the
materials on any single computer for your personal, home use only,
provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary
notices.  The use of any such material on any other website or
computer environment is prohibited, unless authorised.
3: We do not collect any personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide it to us.  Specifically, we collect information when you request a quote, subscribe to a newsletter or send us an e-mail.  Racing Green Cars will not share any information collected with a third party.  We do not sell your email address, your name or personal demographic information to any mass marketers or any other organisations.
4: Whilst Racing Green Cars uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the site, we make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy.  Racing Green Cars Ltd assumes no liability for any errors or omissions in the content of the site.  All information is subject to subsequent variation, without notice.
5: We
are committed to protecting your privacy and any personal information
you provide to us and to processing any such data in ways that comply
with our legal obligations.
What
Personal Information do we hold and process?
We
collect a range of personal information which you provide to us or
which we collect from you.  This includes
Information
provided to us when you place an order either via this website, by
telephone or by any other means.  This will include your name,
postal address, email address and telephone number.
Information
obtained by us from third parties
Information
obtained by us through users visiting this website.
Why
do We Hold and Process this Information?
We
have a legal basis to process your personal information which is as
follows:
To
process your sales orders (ie to perform a contract with
you), to take steps at your request prior to entering into
this contract and for the management of your account (including
processing payments) and our relationship with you and communicating
with you.
For
our internal business purposes, which may include processing for the
purposes of: investigating and responding to enquiries and
complaints, obtaining credit references and checks, debt collection,
record keeping, research, reporting and statistics, product
development, protecting our rights, property and that of others.
For
the provision of direct marketing communications in respect of our
own products where you have consented to this or where you have
not objected and we are marketing similar products to
those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiation for a
sale with you.
Your agreement to
have your personal data used for direct marketing is optional and
you may opt out at any
stage by contacting us on enquiries@racinggreencars.com,
via the unsubscribe button
on any electronic marketing material you receive, or by telephone on 01420
511118.
How
Do We Use this Information?
We
use your personal information as for the reasons above and for the
following reasons
To
maintain our relationship with you as our customer
To
process orders, and provide agreed goods to you
For
invoicing, processing payments, setting up and managing your
account For
communications with you – such as responding to information
requests and enquiries To
maintain records, statistical analysis, internal reporting and
research purposes To
ensure data security and to provide you with access to secure areas
of our Website To
notify you about changes to our products or prices To
organise delivery of your order To
investigate any complaint you may have To
provide evidence in any dispute between us To
obtain credit references and/or checks, for debt collection, fraud
detection, prevention
and risk management purposes To
protect the rights, property and/or safety of RGC, its personnel and
others
How
Long Do We Keep This Information?
We
will not hold on to any personal information for any longer than is
reasonably necessary for the purposes for which this information is
collected. When determining the relevant retention periods, we take
into account factors such as
Legal
obligation under applicable law to retain data for a certain amount
of time (eg:
for inland revenue purposes)
Any
potential or actual disputes
How
Do We Share this Information?
Unless
we have your express consent, we will not sell, rent, trade or share
any personal information which we hold except that:
We
may disclose information which is held by us where required to do so
by law or in connection with legal proceedings
We
may disclose statistics to third parties, save that such statistics
will not include information
that identifies particular individuals We
necessarily must send credit/debit information to the appropriate
credit card company
when we process payment for sales We
must necessarily disclose name and address information to those
supplying any goods
purchased. We
may disclose information to third party partners, such as
Mailchimp, in order for them to assist us in providing you
with marketing information We
may disclose information to third party loyalty schemes that you are
enrolled with so that they can verify your membership and handle
your personal information in accordance with the terms and
conditions applicable to that scheme. We
may disclose information to our professional advisers –
accountants, auditors, lawyers or similar – when we ask them to
provide us with advice
How
Do We Protect Your Privacy?
We
use reasonable security measures on our website and do not collect
any personal information about you when you visit our website unless
you choose to provide it to us.
However
the internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure and any third party
software which may be downloaded from a site operated by a third
party (whether referred to on or linked to this site) is the
responsibility of that party and not Racing Green Cars Ltd who shall
have no responsibility or liability arising in respect of any loss,
damage, viruses or otherwise arising as a result of the downloading
by you of such softwar e.
We
maintain security procedures in order to prevent
unauthorised access to customer data – this is why we may ask for proof of identity
before disclosing personal information to you. All electronic
personal data is stored remotely at a secure data centre and fully
encrypted. The offsite back-up of this data is again fully
encrypted.
Your
Rights
You
have certain rights in respect to the personal information which we
hold and process.  The most relevant are listed below but please
note that these rights are not absolute and each is subject
to certain exemptions or qualifications.
1:
The Right of Access
You
have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information and
other certain information about how it is used (as per this privacy
notice, including, purpose and legal basis on which this information
is processed, how long it is retained and the source by which this
information was obtained).
This
right is so that you are aware of and can verify that we are using
your personal information in accordance
with the relevant data protection laws.
We
will require to verify your identity in order to process
any such request.
Under
certain circumstances, such as when a request is manifestly unfounded
or we have received an excess of repetitive requests
from yourself, we have the right either to refuse to
comply or to require a fee prior to compliance.
2:
The Right to Erasure
This
right is also termed as the Right to be Forgotten.  This means
you can request the deletion of your personal data when there is no
longer any necessity for us to keep this or if its use is unlawful.
There are exceptions to this right as, for example, where we need to
keep this information in defence of a legal claim.
3:
The Right to Rectification
You
have the right to ensure that your personal information is accurate
and current and may ask us to take reasonable measures to correct any
errors.
4:
The Right to Object
You
have the right to object to certain types of processing including,
for example, the receipt of direct marketing communications, and on
receipt of any such objection we will remove your details from this
type of processing.  We will be allowed to continue to process
the personal information if we can demonstrate legitimate grounds
which take precedence over your rights.
5:
The Right to be Informed
It
is your right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily
understandable information about how we collect and process your
personal information.  That is the purpose of this privacy
statement.
Updating
This Privacy Statement
We
regularly review our privacy practices and so ask that you check this
page from time to time for updates.  We reserve the right to
modify our policy effective 7 days after the posting of the revised
Privacy Statement.
Contact
Us
For
further information regarding these rights, this specific Privacy
Statement or to make any complaints please contact us
on enquiries@racinggreencars.com.
Please then provide us with as much information as possible to help
us identify your request and please specify exactly what you require
us to do and the reason for this.  We may require additional
information to identify you and if you do not or cannot provide
sufficient for this purpose we may refuse to action your request.
We
will aim to respond to your request within one month of receiving it
but may extend this by an additional two months if your request is
sufficiently complex or there are a number of requests.
If
after contacting us you are still unhappy, you may complain to the
Information Commissioner – all contact details are available on
ico.org.uk.