http://www.bellestyle.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Jewelry
expand
collapse
Jewelry
Necklaces
Earrings
Bracelets
Rings
Deli Counter
Girls
Guys
Hoops
Vintage
Bridal
Maison
About
Contact
Blog
Sale
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Terms
1. Our Commitment to Privacy.BelleStyle, LLC. (“us,” “we,” or “BelleStyle”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (“the Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. 2. What Information is Collected.(a) Information You Provide to Us: We collect any information that you submit or enter on our Site, or that you provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information to us, in which case you will not be able to purchase products online and may not be able to take advantage of all of our services and features.
• General Access to the Site. We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on our Site. “Personal Information” as used in this Privacy Policy means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, personal profile, a home or other physical address, an email address or other contact information. You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to BelleStyle. • Purchases. If you choose to purchase a service or product from us, we will require sufficient information from you to complete the transaction. In addition to Personal Information, information required may include a credit card number and related account and billing information, invoice related information, and other data required to process the order. We may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or your credit card for recurring charges. We currently use the tools, software or services of third-party service providers, as identified on the Site, to process transactions on our behalf. Each of those third-party service providers may have their own privacy policies, which you may review on their websites. All information of this nature is maintained by us in a secure database and transmitted across the Internet from you to us using secured transmission encryption. Except as set forth herein, we will not share your financial Personal Information with any third person or entity. • Events. We may provide you, via the Site, with the opportunity to contact us, receive a newsletter, or participate in special promotional or other programs (collectively "Events"). In order to participate in any of these Events, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information which may include your name, company, job title, address, email address, and phone number. (b) Automatic Information: When you visit a website, you automatically disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. Like many other websites, this Site may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes the IP address from which you access the Site, the type of browser and operating system you use to access the Site, the date and time you access the Site, the pages you visit, and the addresses of pages from where you followed a link to the Site. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's movement around the Site, and gather demographic information. Such information is not linked to any Personal Information, with the exception of the IP address which might be used to identify spamming attempts. (c) “Cookies”: Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. Some of our Site pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies which may collect information about Site activity. If you block or delete "cookies" you may affect the usefulness of our Site. 3. How and When the Information Collected is Used.The information we collect is used for administering our business activities. Occasionally, we may use the information to notify you about changes to our website, new products or services, or special offers. We may transfer your Personal Information within BelleStyle or to its third-party service providers, but only to provide or improve products and services on the Site or services to you.
(a) Personal Information: If you submit Personal Information to us through the Site: • We will use your Personal Information to improve our services to you, to contact you and to identify and authenticate your access to the Site’s services that you are authorized to access. • We may transfer your Personal Information within BelleStyle or to its third-party service providers, but only to provide services on the Site or to you. This information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We may also provide Personal Information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. • We may also use your email address to send updates, a newsletter, or news regarding our products and services. You may choose not to receive emails of this kind by sending a single email with the subject "BLOCK" to info@bellestyle.com. Please note that the email must come from the email account you wish to block. • We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use including investigations of potential violations thereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues, or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of BelleStyle, its users, you or the public. (b) Payment Information: If you choose to purchase a product from us, we will require sufficient information from you to complete the transaction. Such information may include a credit card number and related account and billing information, invoice related information, and other data required to process the order. We may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or your credit card for recurring charges. We may use the tools, software or services of third-party service providers to process transactions on our behalf. Each of those third-party service providers may have their own privacy policies, which you may review on their websites. All information of this nature is maintained by us in a secure database and transmitted across the Internet from you to us using secured transmission encryption. Except as set forth herein, we will not share your financial Personal Information with any third person or entity. (c) Anonymous Information: We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below), or disclose it to third party service providers, to improve our services and enhance your experience with the Site and its services. "Anonymous Information" means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Site and our products and services. 4. How We Protect Your Information.The privacy and protection of your Personal Information is important to us. We do not make any Personal Information available to third parties, except our service providers, without your permission.We use security software to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons.We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on the Site, you can contact us at info@bellestyle.com.Your access to some services and content may be password protected. We advise that you do not disclose your password to anyone. In addition, we recommend you sign out of password-protected services at the end of your session. 5. Publicly Available Information.Any information, video, image, data, text, documents, or other content posted at your direction onto a public area of the Site becomes publicly published content and will be available to all users of that public area of the Site, even if such content contains Personal Information. Please note that if you publish your contact information, you may receive unsolicited messages from users and visitors to the Site. We encourage you to publish only information you are certain you want to be accessible to the public-at-large. 6. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites.Our Site may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements that you may see at our Site. These third party ad servers may use cookies, web beacons, clear gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. 7. Links to Other Sites.Our Site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. 8. Children.This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian over the age of 18. 9. How You Can Access Your Information.Unfortunately, we do not maintain any procedures for you to review or request changes to the information that we collect about you, except that you may request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us. 10. How You Can Update Your Information.To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, BelleStyle wishes to maintain accurate and complete Personal Information. If you have an Account, you may log-in to your personal profile at any time and add information, delete information or correct any incorrect information we have. If you do not have an Account and you would like to correct a material inaccuracy in your Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to info@bellestyle.com. Your email should include adequate details of your request and also contain the following email topic: "Access Request". We will provide initial responses to access requests within a reasonable period of time. Any action that we take in connection with an access request will be subject to, and in accordance with, the Safe Harbor Principles. 11. Consent.By using this Site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to BelleStyle's processing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. 12. Changes to Privacy Policy.If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to our website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. 13. Commitment.We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and accordingly we are constantly evolving the Site to meet these demands. If you have any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy or the Site, please contact us at info@bellestyle.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible. 14. Effective Date.This Privacy Policy is effective as of the first day of January, 2018.Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceWelcome to our website. This site is maintained as a service to our customers. By using this site, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use. Please review these terms and conditions carefully. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you should not use this site.
1. Agreement.This Agreement (“the “Agreement”) specifies the Terms and Conditions for access to and use of bellestyle.com (the “Site”) and describes the terms and conditions applicable to your access of and use of the Site. This Agreement may be modified at any time by BelleStyle LLC upon posting of the modified agreement. Any such modifications shall be effective immediately. You can view the most recent version of these terms at any time at bellestyle.com. Each use by you shall constitute and be deemed your unconditional acceptance of this Agreement.
2. Privacy.Your visit to our site is also governed by our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy at bellestyle.com. 3. Ownership.All content included on this site is and shall continue to be the property of BelleStyle LLC or its content suppliers and is protected under applicable copyright, patent, trademark, and other proprietary rights. Content shall include but not be limited to text, graphics, appearance, visual elements, design, concepts, business models, operational models, databases, collections of links, hyper text markup language (HTML) code, scripts, and all products sold. Any copying, redistribution, sale, reengineering, deconstructive works, use or publication by you of any such content or any part of the Site is strictly prohibited, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. Under no circumstances will you acquire any ownership rights or other claim, interest or title in any content by or through your use of this site.
4. Intended Audience.This website is intended for adults only, 18 years of age and older. This website is not intended for any children under the age of 13.
5. Trademarks.Trademarks appearing on this site are protected by law and you cannot use any such trademarks in any manner without the express written permission of the trademark owner.
6. Site Use.BelleStyle LLC grants you a limited, revocable, nonexclusive license to use this site only for the purpose of shopping for personal items sold on the Site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance. Use of this site is strictly prohibited for republication, distribution, assignment, sub-license, sale, preparation of derivative works, or other unauthorized use. You agree not to copy materials on the site, reverse engineer or break into the site, or use materials, products or services in violation of this Agreement or any law. You further represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the information you provide to the Site, including without limitation financial information, and agree that you shall not use false contact or financial information, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties. The use of this website is at the discretion of BelleStyle, LLC, which may terminate your use of this website at any time, at its sole discretion. Any breach of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.You shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this Site any content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under U.S. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses or other harmful code or properties.We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site. Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the Site. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY ASSIGNED TO YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site's security. 7. Typographical Errors. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product(s) listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. 8. Compliance with Laws.You agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding your use of the website. You further agree that information provided by you is truthful and accurate to the best of your knowledge. 9. Indemnification.You agree to indemnify, defend and hold BelleStyle, LLC and its directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees, affiliates, successors, and assigns harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney’s fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Site. 10. Disclaimer.THE INFORMATION ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. BELLESTYLE, LLC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES, STATUTORY WARRANTIES, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF: MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT YOUR JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE. 11. Limitation of Liability.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL BELLESTYLE, LLC BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING DAMAGES FROM LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE SITE, YOUR SITE USE, OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE AND/OR CONTENT IS TO CEASE ALL OF YOUR SITE USE.You may have additional rights under certain laws (including consumer laws) which do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, the exclusions or limitations in this Agreement that directly conflict with such laws may not apply to you. 12. Use of Information.BelleStyle, LLC reserves the right, and you authorize us, to use and assign all information regarding site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. 13. Reviews And Comments.Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the Site, all information, ideas, suggestions, reviews, comments or other communications you submit or post to the Site shall be on a non-confidential basis. BelleStyle, LLC shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute such communications without limitation or obligation.All such submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you. When you post comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other content that you post on this Site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. You shall not use a false email address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any submissions or content. We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason. 14. Copyrights.If you believe your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide a notice containing all of the following information to BelleStyle, LLC:(a) An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;(b) A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;(c) A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;(d) Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;(e) A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and(f) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. Notice of Claims of copyright infringement on the Site shall be submitted to BelleStyle, LLC at the address indicated below under Contact Information. 15. Applicable Law.You agree that the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions, will govern these Terms and Condition of Use and any dispute that may arise between you and BelleStyle, LLC or its affiliates. All claims and disputes arising from or relating to the operation or use of this Site will be heard and resolved in a court of competent jurisdiction in the County of Miami-Dade, Florida USA. 16. Severability.If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 17. Termination.BelleStyle, LLC may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without notice, for any reason. 18. Contact Information.
BelleStyle, LLC
Saint Louis, MO 63040
P: 1.888.832.6985
E. info@bellestyle.com