http://www.mailboxesresidential.com/store/myContactUs.cfm#return_policy
Homepage
Postmount
Wallmount
Recessed / In Column
Commercial
Multi-Unit C.B.U.
Double Mailboxes
Triple Mailboxes
Quad Mailboxes
Mail Slots
Address Plaques
Package Drop
Payment Drop
Contact Us/Email
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
View Cart/Checkout
California Mailboxes
894 North Main Street Orange, CA 92868
Since 1983
Most Items Ship in 24 Hours
Order by phone or online7 Days (800) 427 - 9612
Specializing in residential mailboxes, commercial mailboxes, locking mailboxes, keystone mailboxes, brass, victorian, wallmount, recessed, decorative and custom mailboxes.
Phone Hours: 7 Days
8:00 am to 5:00 pm
Phone:  800 427 9612
Fax  714 771 0250
Showroom Hours:  CALL FIRST
Email:
info@mailboxesresidential.com
Address:
894 North Main Street
Orange, CA 92868
PAYMENT
You may order online using Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover.
To pay by check, please add items to cart and then print out the checkout page and mail along with your payment.
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: October 6, 2015
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.mailboxesresidential.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect;
With whom it is shared;
How it can be corrected;
How it is secured;
How policy changes will be communicated; and
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
California Mailboxes reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Online Privacy Policy at any time. Accordingly, California Mailboxes recommends that you revisit this Online Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the current privacy practices. Your continued use of the web site following any changes signifies your acceptance of these changes.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 714-771-0248 or via email: info@mailboxesresidential.com.
RETURN POLICY
You may return your item within 30 days of the delivery date (the date you received your merchandise) for a refund less shipping charges.
All items must be returned in original packaging, packed exactly as received.
All items must be inspected within 5 days of delivery for damage.
You will pay all shipping charges to and from our store on all returns. All items sold with free shipping are required to pay shipping charges to and from our store.
In most cases shipping charges on "Free Shipping" items will be 10% of the sale each way.
All Auth-Florence multi-unit commercial mailboxes, Auth-Florence parcel lockers and Dvault package drops will be charged a 35% restocking fee as well as all shipping charges.
(There are no exceptions).
If an item is delivered damaged, we will call tag the damaged item and send you a new item.
You must repack damaged items in the original packaging so please hold onto all packaging until you are certain there is no reason to return.
Custom items such as address plaques and mailboxes with personalized
numbers are not returnable unless defective or damaged during
shipping, because they are made especially for you.
To Return a Product
1. To return a product you must telephone us first to obtain an RGA number from our company. Please do not send product back without an RGA number this will only delay your refund.
RGA (Returned Goods Authorization)
2. Some shipments are drop-shipped from the manufacturer to you.
All returned items (even drop-shipped items), must come back to California Mailboxes at:
California Mailboxes
894 North Main Street
Orange, CA
92868
3. Be sure and return item(s) in original packaging. Pack very carefully to avoid damage during shipping. UPS requires 2" of packaging around entire package.
4.
You will be held liable for damaged goods returned, so it is wise to purchase insurance for your package, which is only a couple of dollars at most. Return items by UPS Ground or FedEx.
Do not return using the U.S. Post office.
If you have any questions or concerns please contact our customer service department at (800) 427-9612.
We will not accept any packages that are shipped freight, collect or C.O.D.
Order by phone or online
7 days (800) 427- 9612
CALIFORNIA MAILBOXES
894 North Main Street
Orange, CA 92868
Copyright 2020 @ California Mailboxes - All Rights Reserved