http://www.outpost.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/E1SocialResponsibility?site=csfooter_C
Frys.com Help - California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Fry's Electronics, Inc. makes this disclosure pursuant to The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, a law which is designed to increase the amount of information manufacturers and retailers make publicly available regarding their efforts to address the issue of slavery and human trafficking. Fry's has taken strides to eradicate any such conduct from its supply chains in order to provide our customers with quality products free from the taint of slavery and human trafficking.
For example:
Vendor/Supplier Agreements
Fry's standard purchasing agreement with new vendors contains a provision requiring them to certify compliance with the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010. Suppliers agreeing to this provision must now specifically certify that materials incorporated into their products and sold to Fry's comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking in the country or countries in which they do business.
Company Verification
Fry's strives to establish close working relationships with its suppliers. The company does not employ or rely on third parties to verify its product supply chains in order to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery.
Audits
Because many of Fry's suppliers are located out of the country, and Fry's does not have foreign offices, Fry's does not conduct onsite audits of its suppliers. Many of Fry's vendors have their own codes of conduct and auditing programs in place to ensure they are working to eliminate human trafficking and slavery.
Management Training and Accountability
In addition to the requirements placed on our vendors, Fry's communicates its commitment to elimination of forced labor to applicable employees in its own workforce. Fry's will promptly address and remedy any circumstances of which it becomes aware of employees who fail to meet Fry's standards regarding forced labor.
jback114