https://www.odor-eaters.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions of Use
BLISTEX TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. Your use of this site is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of the following terms and conditions. By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms and conditions, you must not use this site.
Limited permission to view using a browser and to cache granted.
All images, web site design elements, text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, other content, the presentation, selection and arrangement thereof, and all software Copyright 2011, Blistex, Inc. ATTN: Blistex Web Site Manager. 1800 Swift Drive Oak Brook, IL 60523-1574 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
1. OWNERSHIP. This site, and each of its components, is the copyrighted property of Blistex Inc. (“Blistex”), and/or its various third party providers and distributors. Portions of the content found on this site may be owned by third party providers and distributors and is the copyrighted work of the respective third party providers. None of the content or data found on this site may be reproduced, republished, distributed, sold, transferred, or modified without the express written permission of Blistex and/or its third party providers and distributors. In addition, the trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this site (collectively, the “Trademarks”) are registered and common law Trademarks of Blistex their affiliates, and various third parties. Nothing contained on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Trademarks without the written permission of Blistex or such other party that may own the Trademarks.
2. USE OF SITE. You may only use this site to browse the content, make inquiries to Blistex, and not for any other purposes. This site and the content provided in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of BLISTEX, except that you may download, display and print one copy of the materials presented on this site on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. ‘Deep-linking’, ’embedding’ or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited unless specifically authorized in writing. Unauthorized use of this site and/or the materials contained on this site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other web site or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
3. AGE AND RESPONSIBILITY. You represent that you are of sufficient legal age to use this site and to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur as a result of the use of this site. You understand that you are financially responsible for all uses of this site by you and those using your login information.
4. PRIVACY. You have read the Blistex Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable. You consent to the use of any information submitted to Blistex by Blistex and/or its third party providers and distributors in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the Blistex Privacy Policy.
5. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY. Blistex and any third party providers and distributors make no warranty of any kind regarding this site, any materials provided on this site, any site to which this site is linked, or any materials on any linked site, all of which are provided on an “as is” basis. Blistex and any third party providers and distributors do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of any of the content or data found on this site or any linked site, and such parties expressly disclaim all warranties and conditions, including implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and those arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage of trade.
6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Blistex assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in this site or any linked site, or your downloading of any materials, software, data, text, images, video, audio or other material from this site or any linked site. In no event shall Blistex or any third party providers or distributors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damage, or any special, exemplary, punitive, indirect, incidental or consequential damages of any kind (including, but not limited to lost profits or lost savings), whether based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, which arises out of or is in any way connected with (i) any use of this site or content found herein, (ii) any use of any linked site or content found therein, (iii) any failure or delay (including, but not limited to the use of or inability to use any component of this site for reservations or ticketing), (iv) the performance or non performance by Blistex or any third party providers or distributors, or (v) the performance of any third party owner or operator of any linked site, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of damages to such parties or any other party.
7. INDEMNIFICATION. You shall defend and indemnify Blistex and any third party providers and distributors and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claim, cause of action or demand, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of your use of this site or any linked site.
8. HEALTH RELATED INFORMATION. You should be aware that the material that appears on our site is for informational purposes only and is not meant to substitute for individualized advice provided by your own physician or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication. You should read carefully all product packaging. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. General information and other statements regarding products described on this site may have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. See product packaging for additional information.
9. SUBMISSIONS. “Submissions” means all comments, feedback, suggestions, photos, e-mail and similar information or materials that you submit to Blistex regarding the services of Blistex. Submissions will not be confidential and will become the property of Blistex upon submission to Blistex. By providing any such Submissions, you agree to assign to Blistex, at no charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the Submissions. You represent and warrant that any Submission you provide to Blistex will be complete and accurate. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the Submissions that you provide, and that you, not Blistex, have full responsibility for the Submissions, including their legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright. Blistex does not prescreen or monitor any Submissions as a matter of policy.
10. RELATIONSHIP. Your use of this site is independent of Blistex and not as an employee, agent, partner, or joint venturer with Blistex for any purpose.
11. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Cook County, the State of Illinois, United States of America, in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of this site and this Agreement.
12. ASSIGNMENT. You may not assign, convey, subcontract or delegate your rights, duties or obligations hereunder.
13. MODIFICATION. Blistex may at any time modify these terms and conditions and your continued use of this site will be conditioned upon the terms and conditions in force at the time of your use.
14. ADDITIONAL TERMS. Additional terms and conditions may apply to reservations, purchases of goods and services and other uses of portions of this site, and you agree to abide by such other terms and conditions.
15. SEVERABILITY. These terms and conditions shall be deemed severable. In the event that any provision is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
16. HEADINGS. The heading used in these Terms and Conditions are included by convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms and Conditions.
17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. These terms and conditions, together with those incorporated herein or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except in writing or by making such amendments or modifications available on this site.
Back to Top