http://www.andersonbutik.com/mm5/merchant.mvc?Screen=CTGY&Store_Code=AB&Category_Code=AA1_privacy
Customer Login
Checkout Basket Account Product List
Storefront
Basket Contents
Quantity in Basket: none
See Items Below
New to the Store
Featured Gifts and Goods
Viking Novelties and Gifts
Scandinavian Beverages
Books & Media
Specialty Candles
Candelabra
Christmas
Swede Clothing Items
Dala Horses
Figurines
GREAT FOOD
Gift Baskets
Home
Jewelry
Kitchen Utensils
Scandinavian and American Music
Greeting Cards
Party Accessories
Scandinavian Textiles
Contact Us
Ordering Info
Privacy
Shipping
Shipping Rates
Games
Privacy
Privacy Policy
WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION. Your privacy is important to us. All the information which you provide is used only to give you the service that you request and in no way will your vital (credit card number, telephone number, address, email address) information be given to any second party in any situation.
SECURE ONLINE SHOPPING.  Our Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology encrypts all confidential information transmitted between your computer and our server. Rest assured when shopping on Andersonbutik.com, that is all you are doing.
E-MAIL. We E-mail only in regards to shipping and the status of your order. We prefer to call, however we understand as time goes the easier it is to contact someone through their E-mail as opposed to on the telephone.
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by clicking on Account at the top of any page and entering your user name and password. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Anderson Butik
134 N Main St - PO Box 151
Lindsborg, KS U.S.A.
1-785-212-0251
Open Monday through Friday 10am-5pm, Saturday 10:00 a.m to 5:30 p.m, Sunday 12:00 noon to 5:00 pm.
imports@andersonbutik.com