http://www.britishfoodshop.com/pages/privacy/
This website requires Java Script to be enabled in order to see important notifications when placing your order. If you are unable or not sure how to enable Java Script, please place your order and give us a call at 1-949-582-2645 after placing your order so we can make sure your order was transmitted successfully.
Holiday Shipping Notice:
Dear Valued Customer,
We apologize that we are not able to guarantee any orders placed after 12/3 to arrive in time for Christmas. We will process all orders as soon as possible, but with the current “Stay at Home” orders in California, both USPS and UPS have allotted us a quota of orders they can pick up in a day. If you placed your order on/before 12/3 your order will leave our warehouse no later than 12/14 and will arrive in time for Christmas.
View product selection Here!
product selection
Close menu
Christmas/Seasonal: British and Irish
All Christmas/Seasonal: British and Irish (189)
Christmas/Seasonal: German and European
All Christmas/Seasonal: German and European (93)
Gift Cards and Gift Options
All Gift Cards and Gift Options (34)
Gift Cards (6)
Gift Wrapping and Greeting Cards (28)
Gift Boxes and Baskets (0)
Specials
All Specials (33)
Overstock (33)
Expired (0)
Dried and Cured Meat (Shelf Stable)
All Dried and Cured Meat (Shelf Stable) (0)
Confectionary
All Confectionary (322)
Sweets and Candy (147)
Toffee, Nougat and Fudge (22)
Chocolates (153)
Biscuits, Cookies and Snacks
All Biscuits, Cookies and Snacks (288)
Cookies and Biscuits (185)
Rusks (4)
Cakes (8)
Savoury Crackers (20)
Crisps and Snacks (71)
Bakery (0)
Beverages
All Beverages (241)
Hot Beverages (167)
Cold Beverages (82)
Alcoholic Beverages (0)
Breakfast
All Breakfast (25)
Breakfast Cereals (25)
Breakfast and Energy Bars (0)
Baking, Cooking and Desserts
All Baking, Cooking and Desserts (85)
Jams and Spreads
All Jams and Spreads (142)
Jam (70)
Marmalade (40)
Spreads (32)
Bottled Sauces and Condiments
All Bottled Sauces and Condiments (160)
Condiments and Pickles (115)
Sauces - Cooking Sauces and Marinades (45)
Dry Sauces, Gravy, Herbs and Spices
All Dry Sauces, Gravy, Herbs and Spices (113)
Dry Sauce Mix and Gravy Powders (67)
Herbs, Spices and Seasonings (46)
Canned and Packaged Goods
All Canned and Packaged Goods (79)
Grains and Seeds (0)
Pasta, Rice, Beans and Vegetable (45)
Soup (34)
Canned Fish and Meat
All Canned Fish and Meat (87)
Household and Beauty
All Household and Beauty (57)
Health and Beauty (23)
Household (34)
Apparel, Novelties and Kitchen Accessories
All Apparel, Novelties and Kitchen Accessories (200)
Kitchen and Tea Accessories (45)
Apparel (15)
Novelties and Gifts (140)
Curios (0)
New Arrivals
All New Arrivals (430)
Products of Interest to Brits
All Products of Interest to Brits (485)
Browse
Close menu
View product selection Here!
Home
BUY OUR PRODUCTS
Affiliated Stores
See More
"Close Cart"
International Food Shop
African Hut
German Grocery
SA Import Company (Wholesalers Only)
Brands
Join Mailing List
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
Order history
Log in
Create New Account
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
Welcome to our NEW AND IMPROVED website! The British Food Shop is an importer, distributor and retailer of a huge selection of British Groceries in the USA.
Home
Affiliated Stores
International Food Shop
African Hut
German Grocery
SA Import Company (Wholesalers Only)
Brands
Join Mailing List
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
Order history
Home
›
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy
product selection
Christmas/Seasonal: British and Irish
All Christmas/Seasonal: British and Irish
Christmas/Seasonal: German and European
All Christmas/Seasonal: German and European
Gift Cards and Gift Options
All Gift Cards and Gift Options
Gift Cards
Gift Wrapping and Greeting Cards
Specials
All Specials
Overstock
Expired
Confectionary
All Confectionary
Sweets and Candy
Toffee, Nougat and Fudge
Chocolates
Biscuits, Cookies and Snacks
All Biscuits, Cookies and Snacks
Cookies and Biscuits
Rusks
Cakes
Savoury Crackers
Crisps and Snacks
Bakery
Beverages
All Beverages
Hot Beverages
Cold Beverages
Alcoholic Beverages
Breakfast
All Breakfast
Breakfast Cereals
Breakfast and Energy Bars
Baking, Cooking and Desserts
All Baking, Cooking and Desserts
Jams and Spreads
All Jams and Spreads
Jam
Marmalade
Spreads
Bottled Sauces and Condiments
All Bottled Sauces and Condiments
Condiments and Pickles
Sauces - Cooking Sauces and Marinades
Dry Sauces, Gravy, Herbs and Spices
All Dry Sauces, Gravy, Herbs and Spices
Dry Sauce Mix and Gravy Powders
Herbs, Spices and Seasonings
Canned and Packaged Goods
All Canned and Packaged Goods
Grains and Seeds
Pasta, Rice, Beans and Vegetable
Soup
Canned Fish and Meat
All Canned Fish and Meat
Household and Beauty
All Household and Beauty
Health and Beauty
Household
Apparel, Novelties and Kitchen Accessories
All Apparel, Novelties and Kitchen Accessories
Kitchen and Tea Accessories
Apparel
Novelties and Gifts
Curios
New Arrivals
All New Arrivals
Products of Interest to Brits
All Products of Interest to Brits
The British Food Shop recognizes your privacy concerns and is committed to taking the utmost care with your information. This notice describes our privacy policy effective January 01, 2006. By visiting Britishfoodshop.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.Information CollectedLike most websites, certain information is automatically logged each time this website is visited. The date and time of visit, the pages viewed and the IP address of the computer visiting the site are recorded. No personally identifiable information is collected.If you complete an online order or request form, the information that you enter into the form will be stored in a database. Credit card information is transferred using SSL, which encrypts the data before it is sent. The Credit Card information is encrypted before being stored in the database. The Credit Card number is removed from the database once the order is processed. Credit card information transferred to a financial institution for processing is also sent securely.EmailWe may occasionally send information regarding promotions or events which we think may be of interest to you. You have the option at any time to discontinue this service if you desire. We will never distribute your email address to any third party. We may preserve the content of any email that you send us, if we choose to do so.CookiesWe use small text files called "cookies" to place session variable on your computer hard drive. No personal information is collected with this cookie. Cookies are frequently used on websites and you can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your browser.You may be able to view some pages even if you do not accept cookies, but you will need to be able to accept cookies to be able to place an order.Disclosure of InformationWe declare that no information volunteered to us will be divulged to ANY third party, and that all information will be used solely for our own customer service purposes. As a customer of ours, you will find that we are secure, reliable, and discreet.
What is your Zip Code?
The appropriate thermal shipping box (required for frozen shipments) will automatically be added to your cart based on your zip code. Please do not delete it from your cart at checkout.
CONTINUE
Frozen and regular items can not be purchased in the same order. Frozen products require special handling, and except for destinations with zip codes 84000-93999 that can ship with the UPS Ground option, Next Day Air or Second Day Air shipping is required. These shipping options are a lot more expensive per pound than Ground shipping. Please place a separate order for your frozen/perishable items and choose Next Day Air, or Second Day Air at checkout.
Frozen and regular items can not be purchased in the same order. Frozen products require special handling, and except for destinations with zip codes 84000-93999 that can ship with the UPS Ground option, Next Day Air or Second Day Air shipping is required. These shipping options are a lot more expensive per pound than Ground shipping. Please place a separate order for your frozen/perishable items and choose Next Day Air, or Second Day Air at checkout.
ATTENTION: YOU HAVE ADDED "DATED" PRODUCTS TO YOUR CART
You have added one or more items from the "Overstock Specials" category on our website to your cart. The prices on these items have been reduced because the items have gone past the "Best by Date" indicated on the packaging. The BEST BY date of each item is in BOLD underneath the item name. Please select CONTINUE SHOPPING if you want to purchase these DATED item/s, or GO TO CART TO REMOVE ITEM to remove these items from your cart.
GO TO CART TO REMOVE ITEM
CONTINUE SHOPPING
GO BACK
GO TO TOP
GO TO CART