https://www.yorkshirecoastfossils.co.uk/privacypolicy.html
Yorkshire Coast FossilsQuality Fossils,
Genuine Whitby Jet Jewellery & Photography
HomeJoin Our Mailing ListGalleryBlogLinksAboutContactAbout Whitby JetWhitby Jet SpecimensShopping CartSearch
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices of Yorkshire Coast Fossils.
Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 2018.
Yorkshire Coast Fossils is a supplier of Fossils, Whitby Jet Jewellery and Photography
Yorkshire Coast Fossils is the controller. If you have any requests concerning your personal data or any queries with regard to how we handle your data you can contact Mike Marshall (owner)
by phone on 01947 893061 email mike@yorkshirecoastfossils.co.uk
or write to us at [Mike Marshall, Yorkshire Coast Fossils, Vulcan House, Red Lion Yard, High Street, Lythe, Whitby, North Yorkshire, YO21 3RT. ].
Purpose of processing your personal data
Activity	Purpose of processing	Lawful basis
Completing an order form on the website
Dealing with an order
Internal accounting processes
Provide you with information about our products and services
Contract
Contract
Legitimate interests
Enquiring about a product or service
Dealing with your enquiries or requests
Providing you with information about our products and services
Contract
Legitimate interests
Requesting to be added to email list for updates of products for sale	Dealing with your request
Providing you with information about our products and services	Contract
Consent/Legitimate interests
The legal basis on which we rely are:
Contract – processing is necessary for us to administer the pre-contract and contractual relationship between ourselves and our customers in connection with the performance of a contract.
Legitimate interests – Where you have shown an interest in receiving information about updates one either Fossils or Whitby Jet Jewellery.
1.	Marketing
We would like to use your personal data to send you details of updated products that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you.
We will only send you information in line with the preferences you indicated when you provided the personal data.
If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, please contact Mike Marshall at mike@yorkshirecoastfossils.co.uk
.
Third party marketing
We do not sell trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personal Data.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Website, conduction our business or servicing you the customer, sol long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
2.	Retention periods
We will keep your personal data in connection with the services/products you have bought for 6 years after the last purchase. We need to retain this data for our own accounting purposes and for legal and tax purposes.
In terms of personal data we use for marketing, we will keep this data for as long as we are able to market to you and if you withdraw your consent or opt-out of marketing communications, we will keep your contact details only to ensure that we do not contact you again for marketing purposes.
Data subject’s rights
You have rights in respect of your personal data.
The right to be informed – you have the right to be told about the collection and use of the personal data you provide. This privacy policy sets out the purpose for which we process your personal data, how long we will keep your data, who we will share your data with. If you have any questions on how and why we process your data please contact the DPO. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-be-informed/
Right of access – you have the right to know whether we are processing your personal data, and to a copy of that data. We would need as much information as possible to enable us to locate your data. We will respond to your request within 28 days of receipt of your request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-of-access/
Right to rectification – you have the right to have any incorrect personal data corrected or completed if it is incomplete. You can make this request verbally or in writing. We will need as much information as possible to enable us to locate your data. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request.
If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-rectification/
Right to erasure – this right, often referred to as the right to be forgotten allows you to ask us to erase personal data where there is no valid reason for us to keep it. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request.
If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-erasure/
Right to restrict processing – you have the right to ask us to restrict processing of your data. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request.
If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DP at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-restrict-processing/
Right to data portability – you have the right to move, copy or transfer your personal data from one IT environment to another. This right applies to data that you have provided to us and that we are processing on the legal basis of consent or in the performance of a contract and that processing is by automated means. We will respond to your request within 28 days of receipt of your request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-data-portability/
Right to object – you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data based on (i) legitimate interests, or for the performance of a task in the public interests/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (ii) direct marketing (including profiling); and (iii) for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
(i)	Legitimate interests/legal task – your objection should be based on your particular situation. We can continue to process the data if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests.
(ii)	Direct marketing – you have an absolute right to ask us to stop processing for the purposes of direct marketing. We will action your request as soon as possible.
(iii)	Scientific/historical research and statistics - your objection should be based on your particular situation. If we are conducting research where the processing is necessary for the performance of a public task, we can refuse to comply with your objection.
If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/right-to-object/
Rights relating to automated decision making including profiling – you have the right in respect of automated decision making, including profiling. Where we carry out solely automated decision making, including profiling, which has legal or similarly significant effects on you, we can only do this if it is in connection with a contract with you, we have a right under law or you have provided your explicit consent. We will tell you if this happens and tell you how you can request human intervention or challenge the decision. If you want to exercise this right, please contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above. If you want to know more about this right, the ICO has more guidance on their website: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/rights-related-to-automated-decision-making-including-profiling/
3.	Processing based on consent
Where we process your personal data based on your consent you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time without reason. You can opt-out by using the unsubscribe/opt-out in any marketing we send you and you can contact Mike Marshall at the contact details above.
4.	The right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority
If you are unhappy with any aspect of our handling of your data you can make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office - https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
5.	Statutory/contractual requirement to provide personal data.
The personal data that you provide to us is necessary for us to carry out the contract you have entered into with us or for us to perform our obligations under Statute.
We require your name and address to process your order/s this is the only personal information we hold.
No payment details are stored.
6.	Cookies.
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser.
Find out more about cookies on
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Our use of cookies also allows registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the site, carry out transactions.
Most browsers will allow you to turn off cookies.
If you want to know how to do this please look at the menu on your browser, or look at the instruction on http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Please note however that turning off cookies will restrict your use of our website.
Cookies we use
Cookie	What it does
PHPSESSID:	This is used for the functionality of the shopping cart system.
Server:	We use multiple web servers to ensure a fast and reliable service for our customers. This cookie contains a reference to a particular server so you continue to use that server in a browsing session.
7.	Third party websites.
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
8.	Changes to the privacy policy.
This privacy policy is regularly reviewed and will be updated when necessary. If we make any significant changes to the policy we will communicate these to you.
Instagram Facebook PinterestPrivacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions
Photos and Content © Mike MarshallLast updated: 9th November
2020Date today: Total views: 854690
Powered by Photium