http://www.warnersgroup.co.uk/about-warners-group/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Warners Group Publications plc Cookie Policy
The Maltings, West Street, Bourne, Lincs. PE10 9PH – Tel:+44 (0)1778 391000
Last Updated: 2 August 2019* (Brands updated as added to portfolio)
This policy applies to all Warners Group Publications Plc websites, including but not limited to these brands:
How we use cookies
All Warners Group Publications Plc websites use cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device when you browse websites. Cookies can allow us to remember you and customise our web pages and services accordingly. We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
What types of cookies do we set?
The cookies that we set are divided into two types:
1. Necessary & Performance Cookies
Necessary cookies are essential to the website working correctly and cannot be disabled, these are all set by Warners Group Publications Plc and manage these tasks:
• Make our website work as you would expect such as being able to login or register.
• Remember your settings during and between visits including sessions, baskets and any free trials you may have signed up for.
• Enable the website to remind you if a product or service renewal is due once you are logged in to your account.
Performance cookies help us to understand how our visitors interact with our websites so that we can continue to improve them, these cannot be disabled:
• Google Analytics & Tag Manager monitors traffic levels, search queries and visits to our websites.
• Raygun is used for error tracking to continuously improve our website experience, monitor the speed and security of the site
• Communicator is used to track your interactions and purchases from our email marketing
These cookies do not disclose any Personal Identifiable Information (PII) (name, email address, home address etc) about our website visitors.
2. Marketing Cookies
These cookies enable us to display relevant content to you including personalised advertising based on your browser activity. These make our marketing more efficient ultimately helping us to offer the quality content we do:
• We provide relevant advertising to visitors through Google Adwords, Google Ad Manager & the Adsense Advertising Network who all set third party cookies.
• Allow you to share our content with your friends on social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram and Linked in.
• Social Media networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube & Instagram.
If you disable this setting you will see only non-personalised advertising and tracking will only log what adverts you see and the limit the number of times you see them.
How long do cookies stay on my machine?
Our websites use both persistent and session cookies:
• Persistent cookies are used to allow the website to recognise users when they return to the site and to remember certain information about their preferences. These cookies are cookies which stay on your computer permanently, until you “manually” delete them.
• Session cookies are used in order to allow customers to carry information across pages of the website, without having to re-enter such information. These cookies delete themselves automatically when you leave a website and go to another, or when you shut down your browser.
How do I control or delete cookies?
Some essential features of our websites just won’t work without cookies and having cookies switched off can seriously affect the way you’ll be able to enjoy our services.
Necessary & performance cookies cannot be switched off but you can use our cookie control tool to turn off Marketing cookies if you wish to.
If you want to find out more about how to control or remove existing cookies please visit the links below depending on the web browser you use:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Opera
Please also visit our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. If you have any further questions please do not hesitate to contact us
* Between July and October 2019 Warners Group undertook the migration of all their websites from Adtech to Google Ad Manager for online advertising delivery. In line with this move the cookie control and preference settings were updated on each on our websites. As at 21 October 2019 all website migrations were complete on these sites: All About Coins, All About Stamps, BirdGuides, Collectors Club, Family Tree, History Scotland, Hobbies & Crafts, Militaria History, Out&AboutLive, Painters-Online, Pianist, Practical Fishkeeping, Radio Enthusiast, RMWeb, Tabletop Gaming, World of Railways, Writers Online, Your Cat & Your Dog.
Magazines
Shows
Websites
Contact Us