https://www.qualitymobilevideo.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Shop by DepartmentCar Video
LCD Monitors
Car DVD Players
Car Cameras
Wireless Headphones
LCD Monitors (all)
Overhead Flip Down Monitors
Headrest Monitors
Universal Monitors
Panel Mount Monitors
Rear View Mirror Monitor
HDMI monitors
Sun Visor Monitors
Raw LCD Monitors
Portable Televisions
12 Volt Televisions
Car DVD and Video Players
Overhead DVD Player
Headrest DVD Players
Factory Matched Headrest DVD
Attachable Headrest DVD Players
Car DVD Player
Portable DVD Player
Center Console DVD players
Smartphone Display adapters
Car Cameras (all)
Back up camera systems
Wireless Back up camera systems
Reverse Cameras
Front Cameras
Dash Cameras
Parking Sensors (all)
Blindspot Sensors
Installation Accessories (all)
Cables
Mounts
Car TV Tuners & Antennas
12 volt power supplies
Cigarette Lighter power plugs
Power Inverters
Video switchers
Car Audio
Car Stereos and Radios
Car Amplifiers
Car Speakers
Car Subwoofers
Car Stereo Receivers
Dash Kits
Wiring Harness
Steering Wheel Interface
Phone Mirroring Interface
Auxiliary Input Interface
Antennas, Cables and Adapters
Car Subwoofers
Subwoofer Drivers
Subwoofer Boxes
Loaded Subwoofer Boxes
Powered Subwoofers
Box Building Supplies
Car Amplifiers
Amplifier Installation Kits
Power and Distribution
Capacitors
Audio Cables
Line Output Converters
Add an Amplifier Interface
Car Speakers
Speaker Mount Adapters
Speaker Wiring Adapters
Speaker Grills
Speaker Wire
Sound Dampening
Sound Processors
DSP Processors
Equalizers
Installation parts
ABS Plastic
Auxiliary Audio Input Adapter
Linear Actuators, Controllers, & Brackets
Cross Flow Fans
Screws and Washers
Tools
Sirius Satellite Radio
Marine Audio
Marine Stereos
Wake Tower Speakers
Marine Speakers
Marine Subwoofers
Marine Amplifiers
Marine Accessories
Marine Video
Motorsports Audio
Power-Sports Audio
Bluetooth Speaker Systems
Home Electronics
CCTV Systems
Audio Video Furniture
Kitchen TV's
LCD and Plasma TV's
Digital Video Signage and Displays
Digital Picture Frames
Keychain Digital picture photo frame
Digital photo frame
Kitchen TV's
Photography
DSLR monitors
DSLR Monitor batteries
TV Mounts
Articulating Flat Panel Mounts
Ceiling Flat Panel Mounts
Desktop LCD Mounts and Arms
Flat Panel Mounts
In-Wall Flat Panel Mounts
TV Mount Accessories / Brackets / Wall boxes
Tilting Flat Panel Mounts
TV Mount Accessories / Brackets / Wall boxes
Speaker Stands and Mounts
Speaker Mounts
Speaker Stands
GPS
Aftermarket in Dash GPS
Factory Navigation Radio's
Portable GPS Navigation
Fishfinders and Marine Radios
Double DIN Navigation
Single DIN Navigation
Android Auto Radio's
Apple Car Play Radio's
Rearview Mirror GPS Navigation
Mirror-Link Rear-view Monitors
Mirror-Link Modules and monitors
Portable GPS Navigation
Add on GPS Navigation
Add on Navigation Monitors
Navigation Interfaces
Personal and Vehicle GPS tracking
Navigation Software Updates
Car Accessories & Security
Automotive Lighting
Car Security Systems
Garage Gadgets
Vehicle Wiring Materials
Automotive Lighting
Safety Lighting
LED Strip Lighting
Headlight Kits
LED Light Bars
LED Bulbs
LED Light enclosures
Motorized LED Lights
Puddle Lights
Under Car Lighting
Motorization
Linear Actuators
Actuator Brackets
Actuator Controllers
Fans
ABS Plastic
Tools
OBD Scanners
Breathalyzers
Jump Starters
Solar Lighting
Flashlights and Work Lighting
Car Alarms and Remote Starters
Alarm Systems
Remote Start Systems
Replacement Remotes
Alarm Installation Parts
Power Inverters
Screws and Washers
Crimp connectors
Electrical Tape
Heat Shrink Tube
Wire Loom
Relays
Switches
Wire Ties
Cleaners and Solvents
Portable Electronics
iPod and iPhone Cables
iPod & iPhone Boomboxes
Speaker systems
iPhone & iPod Car Chargers
iPod & iPhone Clock radio
Headsets and Headphones
iPod & iPhone Chargers
iPod & iPhone Docks
iPod cases & iPhone cases
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus cases
iPhone 5 and 5C cases
iPhone 4 Cases
iPod Touch 4th Generation Cases
Pod & iPhone FM Transmitters
Phone Mounts and Holders
Screen Care & Cleaning
Smart Buys
Welcome
Home
>
Privacy Policy
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy
We are glad that you have chosen to shop at www.qualitymobilevideo.com We are committed to protecting your privacy online. This page explains how we collect, use and protect the information that you provide to us. We respect your privacy and intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
We accept and store any information that you submit on www.qualitymobilevideo.com or by any other means. For example, you may provide personal information when you place an order, enter a giveaway, request a publication, or contact us. This information may include name, address, phone numbers, email address, credit card and payment information, and other personal information.
Cookies
Our site uses "cookies." A cookie is a small piece of data that your browser holds in memory or stores in a special file on your hard drive. These small pieces of data equip us to improve our customers' experience on qualitymobilevideo.com through helping our server remember you.
Additionally, this website uses Google Analytics, a third-party analytics tool, to track page content and click/touch, movement, scroll, and adverstising realated activity
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles and product pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Who we share your data with
We use collected information for the purpose of administering our business activities such as completing and tracking orders, customer service, communicating with customers, administering giveaways and other promotions, customizing the shopping experience, troubleshooting, improving the website design and functionality, and other business uses. From time to time, we may send you promotional messages by mail or email. You will always have the option to opt out of such communications. You may login to your account at any time to opt out of email communications or by chatting with us via our online chat service.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we required by law to do so.
Financial and shipping transactions relating to our website and services may be handled by our payment and shipping services providers (listed below). We will share transaction data with our payment and shipping services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, shipping and tracking orders and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments, refunds and shipments.
Payment Services Providers
www.paypal.com
Shipping Services Providers
www.usps.com
www.pitneybowes.com
www.ups.com
www.fedex.com
How long we retain your data
If you particiapte in a chat, the comment and its metadata are retained for 30 days.
For users that register or participate in a transaction on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time. Payment information is not retained. Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have participated in a online chat, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. Chat data is automatically removed after 30 days. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
To review or correct your personal information, or to change your communication preferences, please call us on (800) 363-009.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please call or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How we protect your data
In order to protect your information, we have put in place appropriate electronic, physical, and procedural safeguards. We utilize standard encryption/security technology to protect data transfer and our information systems are treated with the highest regard for security. In addition, we limit access to customer information only to authorized personnel.
Your consent
By using our website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Policy. If we change our policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
This policy was last updated on May 24th, 2018. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please call us at (800) 363-0096 or email us.
YouTube channel
Blog
Company Profile
Knowledge-base
Learning/Research Center
Contact Us
CONTACT US
QualityMobileVideo.com6008 San Fernando RoadGlendale · CA · 91202Toll Free: 800.363.0096International: 1.818.242.9461
Follow Us
©2003-2018 Mobile Electronics Display and Accessories Co., Inc.
Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice.Qualitymobilevideo.com is not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors.All trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective trademark holders.
Loading...
video title
video content
Track order