http://www.aquadesign.com/pages/aqua-design-terms-of-service
Menu
0
Womens
Mens
Rash Guards
Men's
Women's
Face Masks
Men's
Women's
Kid's
Hats
Swimwear
Winter
Kids
Sale
Blog
Sign in
Your Cart is Empty
Sign in
0
Womens
Mens
Rash Guards
Men's
Women's
Face Masks
Men's
Women's
Kid's
Hats
Swimwear
Winter
Kids
Sale
Blog
Terms of Service
THIS TERMS OF SERVICE AGREEMENT CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. YOU HAVE A DUTY TO READ THE ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER CONTAINED WITHIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.
-----
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Fly Logic, Inc. D/B/A Aqua Design. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Aqua Design. Aqua Design offers this website, including all information, tools, and Services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies, and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any Services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted by Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and Services to you. Shopify service is an independent service and users should review to Shopify’s terms of service prior to utilizing their services.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services including but not limited to, use of this website.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse Service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the Service is provided, without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site.
SECTION 4 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or Services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or Services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy. We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. We reserve the right but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or Services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or Service made on this site is void where prohibited.
SECTION 6 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s). We may also, in the future, offer new Services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or Services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
SECTION 8 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products, and Services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or Services of third-parties. We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 9 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Statement. Click here to view our Privacy Statement.
SECTION 11 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES, AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 13 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You understand and agree that you are responsible for your own actions and exposure to nature’s elements, including but not limited to the potential impact of prolonged exposure to the sun. You should take reasonable care and preventative measures to decrease prolonged exposure to the sun. Aqua Design’s products cannot protect you from any and all conditions and you must act in a reasonable manner given your individual risks to prolonged exposure to the sun. You understand and agree that you know your own risks regarding sun exposure and that you will not attempt to hold Aqua Design liable in any and all respects related to your failure to reasonably limit your exposure to the sun.
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you. You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and Services delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. In no case shall Aqua Design, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 14 - INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Aqua Design and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party. Your obligation to defend Aqua Design will not provide you with the ability or right to control Aqua Design’s defense, and Aqua Design reserves the right to control its defense, including, but not limited to, the choice to litigate or settle and the choice of counsel.
SECTION 15 - SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 - TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site. If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 17 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 - ADA POLICY
We are happy to accommodate users with special needs or requirements. Company is committed to providing its employees and the public, including persons with disabilities, with access to the Website and its related information and services. In designing the website, Company makes reasonable efforts to comply with the WCAG 2.0 Level AA web accessibility standards. The Website has been designed to reach the widest audience possible, but, if you have difficulty viewing the Website, using the Website, or performing any transaction through the Website, you are encouraged to contact Company at telephone 208-495-2090 or email ADA@aquadesign.com.
SECTION 19 - GOVERNING LAW
You and Company agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or in relation to your use of the Website, this Agreement, or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement, or interpretation thereof, will be settled by binding individual arbitration. If there is a dispute about whether this arbitration clause can be enforced or applies to the dispute between you and Company, you and Company agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and Company each agree that any claim related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights will not be subject to this arbitration clause or arbitration. However, all claims related to actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or intellectual property rights will be interpreted under Idaho law and will be heard exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Boise, Idaho.
You and Company agree that the Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this arbitration provision. The arbitration will be administered under American Arbitration Association’s most recent Commercial Arbitration Rules then in effect except where as modified herein. The arbitration will be conducted in Nampa, Idaho and will be decided by a single arbitrator randomly selected from a list of neutral arbitrators maintained by the American Arbitration Association. Judgment on any award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator will be provided with the right to award costs and attorneys’ fees to the prevailing Party. This arbitration will be held in Nampa, Idaho and both parties agree that they will be required to be present in Nampa, Idaho for arbitration under the terms of this Agreement and hereby submit to exclusive personal jurisdiction in Nampa, Idaho. The arbitrator will apply the laws of the State of Idaho and the federal laws of the United States in deciding any controversy or claim pursuant to this arbitration clause.
You and Company acknowledge and agree that each are waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable disputes.
You and Company acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted under the law, each are waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any class action lawsuit, class arbitration, or private attorney general action. If this class action waiver is held unenforceable with respect to the dispute between the Parties, the Parties agree that the entirety of the arbitration clause will be deemed void with respect to such dispute and the dispute must proceed in court.
SECTION 20 - CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 21 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Contact us for questions about the Terms of Service.
--------------------------------------
Follow
Aqua Design has been innovating water-infused activewear since 1995. Clothing that feels comfortable, looks great and has all the technical performance you need to stay cool and protected from the sun’s harmful UVA and UVB rays. The 3-D water colors blend into nature for wearing camouflage on the saltwater flats, wooded shoreline, raining coastal regions, or rocky canyons. For vibrant color choices, Aqua Design offers surf, swim and sun protection clothes for all your water-related outdoor adventures from fly fishing to snorkeling to windsurfing or everyday use.
Accessibility Statement
Guarantee
Reviews
Contact Us
Size Charts
Sun Protection
More FAQ's
Shipping Policy
International
Privacy
Terms
Licensing
Blog
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
© 2020 Aqua Design.
All rights reserved.
Size Charts
Men's Size Charts by Aqua Design
Women's Size Charts by Aqua Design