http://www.tenkillermarine.com/privacy.asp
Boat parts & accessories for Johnson, Evinrude, Mercury, Mariner, Force, or Yamaha outboard motor, & Mercruiser, OMC stern drive.
Main Menu
Home
View Cart
About
Terms/Conditions
Privacy
Quick Links
Repair Manuals
Control Box
Aerator
Bilge Pump
Fuel Line
Fuel Tank
Ignition Switch
Resources
Powerhead Overhaul
Parts Request
Forum
Fixit Guides
FAQS
Manufacturer Links
TMS Privacy Statement
Our promise to you:
From the second you land on our website, until the time you leave, TMS will respect all aspects of your right to privacy. Under no circumstances will we collect your personal information for any reason other than processing your parts requests and/or parts orders. TMS does not sell, rent, or otherwise distribute your information to any third party, unless your specific permission is given or obtained in full. You will never receive unsolicited e-mail or phone calls from TMS. We will contact you only if it has to do with your current business with us.
Our website is equipped with 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption and is safe when entering your sensitive details such as credit card information. This security provides you the ensurance that you are dealing with who we say we are. You can check the website security status by clicking the GeoTrust icon near the bottom of any page. While we DO process your credit card information "manually" to avoid problems or mistakes, we DO NOT store your cards details in any database or other location on the server. Your credit card details are only accessible by qualified and trusted personnel during the order process only.
You can also feel confident that our website will in no way install any software such as malware, tracking cookies, or any other undesirable/malicious content to your computer. While you must have cookies and javascript enabled to use most functions of our website, the javascript functions are of the "friendly" type, and we only use small files called "session cookies" to keep track of your order through the navigation of the website and the checkout process. Once your order has been submitted, that session cookie is completely deleted from your computer.
Company Info
Site Features
Customer Service
Contact UsAbout Us
ForumFAQFixit GuidesSitemap
ShippingOrder StatusPrivacyTerms Of Use
Copyright © 2020 TMS Marine Parts