http://www.laptopcharge.com/privacy.aspx
Page Content
Site Navigation
Legal Information
Website Sitemap
UNITED STATES
[change]
Change Country
Please select the country from the list below.
United States
Canada
FONT SIZE:
AAA
Dr. Battery
Advanced Pro Series Battery
iPad & Tablets External Battery
Notebook Battery
Notebook Adapter
Digital Camera Battery
Digital Camera External Charger
Cell Phone Accessories
Camcorder Battery
Camcorder External Charger
Cell Phone Battery
Cell Phone External Battery
Cell Phone External Charger
Power Tool Battery
Power Tool Charger
iPod Battery
Game Battery
Shipping Information
Payment Information
Return Policy
Latest News
DEC 11, 2020
DEC
2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
293012345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031123456789
Office Calendar
- Office Closed
Online order is available 24/7.
Email Support
support@laptopcharge.com
Email will not be replied when office is closed.
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
Your privacy and security of information are of the utmost importance here at LaptopCharge.com.
We have taken all the necessary steps to ensure that your shopping experience with
us is 100% safe and secure.
Security
We have fully encrypted 128-bit SSL (secure socket layer) protection to guarantee
all your personal data and credit card data will be properly safeguarded so that
no one can steal them over the internet. LaptopCharge.com is also using the latest
internet development tools to ensure that our website is a hacker-free environment.
Privacy
Any information collected on our website regarding your personal and non-personal
information is for our private use only. When you place an order or apply for membership,
LaptopCharge.com will need to collect personal information about you such as your
name, address, phone number and/or credit card information to complete the order.
We guarantee that your information will remain private as we will not sell, rent
or share it with any other business entities or individuals. We may send you a newsletter
or promotional offer only if you have previously consented to accepting these materials.
In the event where you receive promotional offers and newsletters, you will be able
to unsubscribe at anytime.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web Site may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources. When you
click on one of those links you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource.
LaptopCharge.com has no responsibility or liability for control over those other
Web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your
personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how
they collect and use information about you.
Privacy
Any information collected on our website regarding your personal and non-personal
information is for our private use only. When you place an order or apply for membership,
LaptopCharge.com will need to collect personal information about you such as your
name, address, phone number and/or credit card information to complete the order.
We guarantee that your information will remain private as we will not sell, rent
or share it with any other business entities or individuals. We may send you a newsletter
or promotional offer only if you have previously consented to accepting these materials.
In the event where you receive promotional offers and newsletters, you will be able
to unsubscribe at anytime.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web Site may contain links to other Web sites or Internet resources. When you
click on one of those links you are contacting another Web site or Internet resource.
LaptopCharge.com has no responsibility or liability for control over those other
Web sites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your
personal information.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how
they collect and use information about you.
Cookies
The sections below make up our cookies policy. By using our websites, you consent to cookies being used in accordance with this cookies policy. This policy also explains how you can opt out of the use of cookies on our websites.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer, mobile phone or device. Cookies may be placed on your device when you visit a website or open a marketing email.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Unless you’ve adjusted your browser settings to refuse cookies, cookies will be sent when you access our websites. You can learn more about cookies by visiting allaboutcookies.org
How can I change my cookies settings?
If you’re not happy with the way that we use cookies then you could choose to:
Disable cookies on your computer or device
Delete Laptopcharge cookies after you’ve visited one of our sites
Use your browser’s anonymous setting (called ‘Incognito’ in Chrome, ‘InPrivate’ for Internet Explorer, ‘Private Browsing’ in Firefox and Safari)
To disable (or enable) cookies:
You can enable or disable cookies in your website browser settings. How you do this will depend on which browser you’re using.
Important! Our sites use cookies for technical functionality. If all cookies are disabled on your computer or device, you’ll still be able to browse, but you won’t be able to add products to your shopping cart and checkout.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. you can follow these links:
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
Firefox
What are social network cookies?
If you share Laptopcharge content on social networks, you may be sent cookies from these sites. We don’t control the sending of these cookies, so we advise you to check these third-party (social sharing) websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them
What are third party cookies?
Some cookies may be set by third parties when you visit our websites. These third parties may be suppliers who partner with us to deliver our websites, companies that participate with us in joint marketing programmes, as well as other third parties.
These cookies are controlled by the third parties, so please check the third-party website for more information and to find out how to manage their cookies. These third party cookies don’t collect personal information that could identify individual customers.
What type of cookies do we use?
We use both ‘persistent’ and ‘session’ cookies:
Persistent cookies are stored by your browser and on your device until their set expiry date (unless you delete them first)
Delete Laptopcharge cookies after you’ve visited one of our sites
We use some, or all, the following types of cookies on our sites:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are essential cookies. They’re used to carry out requests you make when you use our sites – for example, remembering information provided by you, such as the items you’ve put in your shopping bag. If you choose to opt out of getting these cookies, then won’t be able to use our sites properly. You’ll still be able to browse, but you won’t be able to put anything in your shopping bag or buy it.
Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to collect data about the way you’ve used our websites, so we can record information about what you’ve viewed. We use these cookies to measure if our customers are getting the most from our sites. We then use this information to improve our sites and help us understand how our customers move around them. These cookies may also be provided by a third party analytic tool, but will only be used for purposes related to our websites.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow websites to remember choices you’ve previously made that are specific to you – for example your country selection, language preferences or when you choose to remain signed-in.
Targeting Cookies: These cookies remember information regarding how you’ve used our websites and other websites, so that we can show you promotional and other targeted information based upon the things you like and what you’ve searched for and viewed.
Web Beacons: We place small images or ‘beacons’ on many of the pages on our website and in online advertising with third parties. We use these beacons, in connection with cookies, to collect non-personal data on the usage of our website. This includes (amongst other things) the date and time
of your visit, the pages you looked at, the page you came from, the type of browser, the type of operating system and the domain name of your internet service provider (ISP). This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analysed as a whole and is useful in many ways, including tracking the performance of our online advertising (such as online banner ads) and to determine where to place future advertising on other websites.
Google Analytics Cookies: These cookies are used to store information, such as what time your current visit occurred, whether you have been to the site before, and what site referred you to the web page. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information but they will use your computers IP address to know from where in the world you are accessing the Internet. Google stores the information collected by these cookies on servers in the United States. Google may transfer this information to third-parties where required to do so by law, or where such third-parties process the information on Googles behalf. In order to provide website visitors with more choice on how data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to stop data being sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not affect usage of the website in any other way. A link to further information on the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is provided below for your convenience(Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on).
For more information on the usage of cookies by Google Analytics please see the Google website. A link to the privacy advice for this product is provided below for your convenience(Google Analytics).
How do we use cookies?
Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites. They allow you to make full use of our online shopping and personalised
features.
We don’t use cookies to collect or record information such as your name, address or payment details.
Here’s how we use cookies:
For essential technical reasons – such as keeping track of your current shopping session and enabling you to pay for your products in checkout
To distinguish you from other website users. This helps us to:
Remember you when you return and to personalise our website to you, such as saving your bag or remembering what you last viewed or searched for.
Target advertising towards you based on what you like and what you view and search for.
To collect statistical and analytical information about how visitors use our websites – so we can improve the way our sites work and to measure the success of our competitions and campaigns
To enable us to fulfil our contractual obligations to third parties – for example to pay a partner if you’ve made a purchase on one of our websites by following a link from their website.
[Back to Top]
FREE Express Shipping
We offer FREE EXPRESS shipping on all orders shipped to the 48 contiguous states of the United States.
Offer not valid for orders shipped to Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico or APO/FPO.
Orders will be shipped
by UPS or FedEx. Shipments for PO Boxes may be downgraded to USPS Priority mail if a physical street
address is not provided.
You Order Today. We Ship Today.
All orders (of in-stock items) are processed and shipped within 24 hours Monday
through Friday except Public Holiday! For express and overnight shipments all orders placed before 3:00
PM PST will be shipped on the same business day. Orders placed after 3:00PM PST
will be processed and shipped on the next business day.
90-day Money Back Guarantee
We want you to be fully satisfied with every item that you purchase from LaptopCharge.com.
If you are not satisfied with an item that you have purchased, you may request for a refund
within 90 days from date of invoice. All returns are subject to a
$15 per item restocking fee.
0 item in your cart
Quick View
Added to your Cart
for
Est. Total:0.00
Contact Us
|
Warranty
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
Copyright© 2020, LaptopCharge.com, All Rights Reserved. .
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES