https://www.guitarconsultant.com/privacy.html
Home
About
Contact
Member Login
Join Now
Your Privacy Is Important To Us
InterFocus Music and Guitar
Consultant.com has created this page in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to you, our web site patrons and customers. The following discloses our policies on spam,
information gathering, security, product returns, and more.
1. Spam: We
do not use, nor do we condone the use of unsolicited bulk email. We take
this issue very seriously.
Please report any incidents of
unsolicited email coming from or mentioning the guitarconsultant.com domain to
for a prompt and
personal reply. All matters will be investigated and dealt with promptly.
2. Your Personal Information:
Our site uses forms for information requests and orders. Contact information from all
forms (including name, address, email address, payment info, etc.) is used to process and
deliver orders and mail information about our company to our customers.
At no time will we share any of this
information with any other person or company. Any financial information our customers
submit, such as credit card number and expiration date is used only to charge the customer
for products they are purchasing.
3. Return
Policies: We offer a return policy on all of our products. Please refer to the
specific item for details. If you're not 100% satisfied, we want you to tell us!
4. Subscribe/Unsubscribe:
We offer a free guitar lessons e-newsletter. There is an unsubscribe
link at the bottom of every email we send.
Public Forums
This site makes forums and link pages
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these
areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose
your personal information.
Security
This site has extensive security
measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our
control. All orders are processed via secure servers.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with Guitar Consultant.com,
contact:
Will Landrum - Owner
InterFocus Music Inc.
12414 Willow Falls Drive
Herndon, Va.
20170-2086
Phone: 1-571-266-7938
Email:
I'll bet you have a lot of great guitar equipment...
Now how about a great guitar education?
Home |
Privacy Policy |
Contact Us |
Membership Terms |
Become A Member
All Material Copyright 1999-2020 Will Landrum and InterFocus Music Inc. All Rights Reserved.
GuitarConsultant.com is an Internet Property of InterFocus Music Inc.
Learn expert rock guitar secrets from instrumental guitar recording artist Will
Landrum