http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/coronavirus-update/hel00025/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Coronavirus Update
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Coronavirus Update
Go to Category: Coronavirus Update
Cancel
Apply
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update
Last Updated: 23rd October 2020
We have served our communities for over 228 years and throughout the Covid-19 pandemic we are committed to continuing to play our part in the communities we serve.
As local lockdowns are introduced across the UK, we are well prepared to respond quickly to government guidance and advice. Across Wales, from 23 October 2020, we will close our High Street stores that do not host a Post Office.
Non-essential products and services will also be temporarily unavailable in these stores. Customers will however be able to continue to access key postal and banking services in these locations. Stores will reopen on Monday the 9th November.
We will also temporarily suspend our Click & Collect service in these locations. If you have recently placed a Click & Collect order that you have not received, our Customer Support team will be in touch with you shortly to arrange redelivery to your home address.
We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
Customers in all locations can still shop with us at www.whsmith.co.uk.
In March 2020, we took the decision to keep our stores open in the specific communities that most needed our services. These included our stores in hospitals, where we continue to support NHS staff on the frontline. In addition, our stores on the high street that host Post Offices have continued to provide the communities they serve with access to vital banking and postal facilities.
From the middle of June, we started to re-open our High Street stores with our colleagues and customers health and wellbeing being our number one priority. Each of our stores re-opened with new precautionary measures in place to protect both our colleagues and our customers. Further information on these measures can be found at www.whsmithplc.co.uk/covid-19.
We are very proud of all our colleagues across our stores who are doing an outstanding job in continuing to serve our customers and communities. Our key priority is their health and wellbeing and we have a number of strict measures in place to keep everyone safe and supported.
For your local store information, please visit our store finder.
1 - 5
of
5
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 5
of
5
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies