http://www.freshwaterfilter.com/privacy-policy
For the best chance of pre Christmas delivery, order by 18th December. Post and courier services are reporting delays.
0
01603 871594
About us
Filter Systems
Replacement Filters
Taps
Spares Parts
Accessories
Multipure
FreshWater FAQs
Multipure FAQs
Contact Us
Login
Register
About Us
Products
Filter Systems
Replacement Filters
Taps
Spares Parts
Accessories
My Account
Login
Register
Multipure
FAQs
FreshWater FAQs
Multipure FAQs
Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Greg Rowe Limited and Greg Rowe Group (“Greg Rowe”) regards the privacy of its customers with the utmost respect. We are committed to ensuring your personal information is always protected and never misused. To ensure we give our customers the best possible service, we collect information through our websites and apps. However, that information is handled sensitively, and we will always ensure you are aware of the information you are sharing with us.
The below information explains what information we collect, how it is collected and protected and the controls you, our customer, have to change or delete it.
We only ask for or collect the personal information that we require in order to provide and improve our service and products.
We give you control over the personal information we hold about you to ensure it is accurate and reflects your preferences.
We ensure your personal information is always secure and protected.
We will always be fair and transparent about how we use our customers’ personal information.
We will only ever use your personal information for the purpose that you trusted us to use it for.
We will never sell your personal information and it will only be shared as outlined in our Privacy Policy or when you ask us to.
We will respect your choices and will inform you if there are important changes that affect your personal information or how we use it.
When do we Collect Personal Data?
When you visit any of our websites and use your account to buy products.
When your purchase products from us over the telephone.
When you visit any of our websites, make a purchase and check out as a ‘guest’ – in which case – only transaction-based data is collected.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you download and install one of our apps.
When you contact us via any means with queries, complaints etc.
When you ask us to email your information or technical support material related to your product.
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you choose to complete any surveys we send you.
When you comment on or review our products.
What Sort of Personal Data do we Collect?
If you have a web account with us, your name, billing/delivery address, product orders/purchases, email address and telephone contact details. For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your log-in and password.
Details of your interactions with our Customer Service Team. For instance, we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made, products viewed or added to your basket, brands and products you show an interest in, web pages you visit and how and when you contact us.
Information gathered by cookies in your web browser. Please see our web page regarding Greg Rowe’s use of cookies.
To deliver the best possible web experience, we collect technical information about your internet connection and web browser as well as the country and telephone code where your computer is located, the web pages you have browsed during your visit and any search terms you have entered.
Your social media usernames – if you interact with us through those channels – to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback.
How we use Personal Information
The Personal information provided to us will be used for the purposes outlined at the time of collection or registration in accordance with the preferences you express. Personal data collected and processed by us may be used for the below purposes. The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
Administration of product registration
Fulfilment of orders for goods and services requested
Research and statistical analysis
Communication about special offers and promotions that are directly related to your product and that we therefore think may be of interest to you
Ensuring all marketing communications you receive from us are relevant, such as tailoring messages
We may host encrypted personal data on third party websites such as social media platforms to allow us to profile our supporters and target similar audiences with our communications. This data is not linked to any personally-identifiable information. Your data would only ever be analyzed or profiled through encrypted and protected data, which only ever identifies broad statistics.
Who we Share your Personal Data with
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties. Examples include couriers, product technicians and IT companies that support our websites.
We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services.
They may only use your data for the exact purposes we specify in their contract with them.
We work closely with them to ensure your privacy is respected and protected at all times.
If we stop working with them, any of your data held by them will be deleted.
Your Marketing Permissions
Greg Rowe always acts upon your choices around what type of communications you want to receive and how you want to receive them. It is easy to change your preferences and change how we use your data, but please remember that if you choose not to share your basic personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some of the services you have asked for.
Retention & Legal Bases
ConsentIn specific situations, we can collect and process your data. For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters. When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make it clear to you, what data is necessary for a particular product or service.
Contractual ObligationsIn certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For instance, if you purchase a product from us, we’ll collect your address details so that we can deliver your purchase and will pass them onto our courier company. Similarly, we’ll keep details of your personal data and product purchase history so that we can ensure we can provide the after-sales support and technical assistance that is part of your product’s warranty.
Legal ComplianceIf the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. For example, we can pass on the details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity that affects Greg Rowe to law enforcement.
Legitimate InterestIn specific situations, we require your personal data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.For example, we will use your registration data to send you reminders when your product requires a replacement filter cartridge.
Whenever we collect and process your personal data, we will only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of the retention period, your data will be deleted. Examples of retention periods include –
OrdersWhen you place an order, we’ll keep the personal data you give us for five years so that we can comply with our legal and contractual obligations. In the case of certain products, data may be kept for longer.
WarrantiesIf your order included a product with a warranty, the associated personal data will be retained until the end of the warranty period.
Consent
Where we need your consent, we will always ensure that you are as fully informed as possible at the time on what we do with your information, with whom it may be shared and how long we will keep it. This is in line with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, GDPR and other relevant legislation.
Your Rights & Accessing the Personal Information Held about you by Greg Rowe
You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of all the personal data held about you.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
Your Right to Withdraw Consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we Rely on our Legitimate Interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so, unless we believe we have a legitimate, overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct Marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels or selected channels. We must always comply with your request.
If you would like to access your personal data held by us or request any of the above actions, please apply in writing to Greg Rowe at –
The Fresh Water Filter CompanyGreg Rowe LimitedOld Winery Business ParkChapel StreetCawstonNorfolkNR10 4FE
Alternatively, you can email –
enquiries@gregrowe.com
Verification, updating or amendment of personal data will take place within 28 days of receipt of your request.
How Can You Stop the Use of Your Personal Data for Direct Marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us –
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails for that particular brand.
Write toThe Fresh Water Filter CompanyGreg Rowe LimitedOld Winery Business ParkChapel StreetCawstonNorfolkNR10 4FE
Cookies
Please see our see our web page regarding Greg Rowe’s use of cookies.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
This privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by Greg Rowe and does not apply to third party websites and services that are not under our control. We cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites and we advise users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data.
Security of your Information
We recognize the concerns that many people have about submitting personal information online. The methods we use to ensure your information is secure include:
The use of data encryption, firewalls and other security systems for our IT systems.
SSL certificates to provide maximum trust and security for the transmission of personal information through our websites. On any of our data entry pages you can check the security and authenticity by right clicking on the padlock icon in the address bar.
Third party “payment gateways” for the processing of credit card information. No credit card information is stored, transmitted or processed directly through our web servers. Greg Rowe Limited uses SagePay and PayPal as their trusted payment gateways.
Verification procedures to identify an individual before access is allowed to personal information.
Regular audits of the websites and internal systems for security vulnerabilities.
What this Page Tells You and how we Update it
This page will hold the latest information regarding our privacy and fair processing notification and we will refer to it when we ask you for your consent. It is likely this page will require updating from time to time. We will always notify you of any significant changes, but you are welcome to come back and check our Privacy Policy whenever you wish.
Information
About Us
Multipure
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Support
Login
My Account
The Fresh Water Filter Company
Old Winery Business ParkChapel StreetCawstonNorfolk NR10 4FETel: +44 01603 871 594
'Triflow' & 'FRX02' are both registered trademarks of Triflow Concepts (IP) Limited
Powered by nopCommerce