http://www.unikeyhealth.com/pages/help-center
Skip to content
Introducing our New Immunity Formula Blend of Essential Vitamins and Glandulars! Check it out Here
Introducing our New Immunity Formula Blend of Essential Vitamins and Glandulars! Check it out Here
Ordering Methods of Ordering
Payment Methods
Discounts and Coupons
Shipping and Returns Shipping Policy
International Shipping
Satisfaction Guarantee/Returns
About UNI KEY Health About Us
Contact Us Special Health Concerns
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy/Security California Prop 65
Our Satisfaction Guarantee
(return to top)
As a customer, your satisfaction is our priority.
If you're not satisfied with your purchase within 90 days, give us a chance to make it right.
Please contact us: Call (800) 888-4353 M-F 8am-6pm CST
E-mail customerservice@unikeyhealth.com
IMPORTANT Note about Returning Products:
Before returning, please contact Customer Service for instructions and a return authorization number. Orders returned without authorization may be subject to a 15% handling fee. Please note that we do not pay the return shipping charge. Opened items may only be eligible for store credit.
Manufacturing Vs Expiration Dates: Our products do not include an Expiration ("EXP") date, but instead a Manufactured (“MFG”) date, which is when the product is originally created. The shelf life of our products can be up to 3 years from the MFG date, unless otherwise noted.
Methods of Ordering
(return to top)
Uni Key Health offers 2 easy options to place an order:
Order Online - Shop our website and place an order.
Order by Phone - Call 800-888-4353, M-F 8am-6pm Central.
In order to ensure our products retain the highest quality, we prefer to sell directly to our customers. You may also find us in select independent health food stores and practitioner offices.
Payment Methods
(return to top)
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express and PayPal.
Shipping Policies
(return to top)
We are committed to keeping our shipping charges as low as possible, while still ensuring that your order arrives in optimum condition. Our prices are determined by the weight of your order and current shipping rates.
We strive to use environmentally friendly packing materials including biodegradable packing peanuts.
FREE SHIPPING offers apply only to addresses in the US and are shipped via ground shipping.
International Shipping Policy:
All international shipments are charged postage costs based on weight and destination. Free shipping offers do not apply to international orders. Shipping is not available to all international locations. Delivery times vary for international shipments due to potential customs clearance delays.
PLEASE NOTE: You may be
subject to customs fees and/or import duties and taxes
which are levied after your shipment arrives in your country. These additional charges are your responsibility. They are beyond our control and are unknown at the time of shipment. Customs regulations vary widely; we always suggest contacting your local customs authority for more information.
Discounts and Coupons
(return to top)
FREE Shipping on ALL US Orders of $60 or more
No coupon code required. Simply add items to your shopping cart totaling $60 or more (after any other coupons or discounts) and the free shipping option will appear.
Subscribe & Save
Save 10% OFF on all subscription orders (US addresses only). You choose the frequency (30 or 60 days) and you can swap, skip or cancel anytime by logging in to your customer account or contacting our customer service team.
Learn more about Subscribe & Save here.
Please don't hesitate to call Customer Service at 800-888-4353 with any questions or concerns while ordering. Ask us about quantity discounts!
Coupon Codes
From time to time, UNI KEY Health offers special promo codes or coupon codes that can be redeemed online. Promotions and discounts, including free shipping, are generally offered via the website, emails or direct marketing. To redeem a promo or coupon code:
At checkout, enter the code in the “coupon code” field.
Click the "Apply" button.
Your order total will be reduced by the amount of the promotion, and reflected on the checkout screen.
Only one code may be applied per order. Please read promotion details for any exclusions and expiration dates.
Special Health Concerns
(return to top)
Self Testing
Estimated Processing Times for Self-Testing Kits: These times are based on when the lab receives your sample and includes lab processing time and result evaluation time in our office.
Salivary Hormone Tests – 2 to 3 weeks
Tissue Mineral Analysis – just over 1 week
Expanded GI Panel and/or Parasite Test – 2 to 3 weeks
Adrenal Stress Panel – 2 to 3 weeks
If you’re unsure which test would be the best starting point for your needs, our knowledgeable Wellness Consultants are happy to assist. Give us a call, chat with us, or email customerservice@unikeyhealth.com.
Pregnancy and Breastfeeding:
The following products may not be appropriate for pregnant and/or nursing women. Always consult your health care practitioner before using these or any of our products while pregnant or nursing.
Female Multiple
Formula SF722 Para-Key
ProgestaKeyUltra H-3 PlusVerma-Plus
Weight Loss Formula
Y-C Cleanse
Disclaimer:
(return to top)
By using this site, you agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not use this site.
Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. (owner of unikeyhealth.com) reserves the right to update and modify any and all terms and conditions without prior notice.
All of the content on this site including text, graphics, images, and product/health information is strictly informational.
No content on this site should be construed as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. You should always consult a health care practitioner before starting any new supplement, diet program, health regimen, medication, or treatment or stopping or adjusting any medication or treatment you are currently taking. If you have a medical emergency, please contact your physician or seek medical care immediately.
If you choose to make use of information provided by experts and employees of Uni Key Health Systems, Inc, you choose to do so solely at your own risk.
As spokesperson for Uni Key Health Systems, Inc., Ann Louise Gittleman, PhD, CNS is compensated for her professional expertise and extensive research and experience in clinical nutrition which has benefited thousands of her readers and clients for over three decades.
All content on unikeyhealth.com is protected by copyright under United States and foreign laws, and remains the property of Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. Any use of the content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions may violate copyright, trademark, and/or other laws.
These Terms and Conditions constitute an agreement between you and Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. in regards to use of unikeyhealth.com and its content.
If you have questions regarding these terms and conditions, please contact our customer service department:
Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. info@unikeyhealth.com800-888-4353
181 W. Commerce Drive
Hayden Lake, ID 83835
Testimonial Disclaimer (return to top)
In accordance with FTC guidelines concerning use of endorsements and testimonials, please acknowledge the following:
Testimonials appearing on unikeyhealth.com are received from customers via text, audio or video submission. They reflect the real life experiences of individuals who have used our products and/or services in one way or another. However, they are strictly individual results and do vary. We do not claim that they are typical results that consumers will generally achieve. They are not necessarily representative of all individuals who will use our products or services.
The testimonials displayed (text, audio and/or video) are given verbatim except for correction of grammatical or typing errors. Some have been shortened. In other words, in some cases the message displayed is not the whole message received by the testimonial writer due to length or relevancy for the general consumer.
Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. is not responsible for any of the opinions or comments posted to our website. Unikeyhealth.com is not a forum for testimonials, but provides testimonials as a means for customers to share their experiences with one another. To prevent against abuse, all testimonials appear online after review by UNI KEY staff. Uni Key Health Systems does not share the opinions, views or commentary of any testimonials on this site, and are strictly the views of the reviewer.
Additionally, these testimonials are not intended to make claims that these products can be used to diagnose, treat, cure, mitigate or prevent any disease. These claims have not been clinically proven or evaluated by the FDA.
Security
(return to top)
When you visit or shop with us, you can feel confident that we comply with industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data. It is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to your order transaction information.
We have partnered with Authorize.net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers. The Authorize.net payment gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.net Privacy Policy. Unikeyhealth.com is registered with the Authorize.net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Privacy Policy
(return to top)
At UNI KEY, we respect your privacy.
Click here
to review our privacy policy.
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal