http://www.isolaimports.com/privacy
Privacy Statement
This is the web site of Isola Imports Inc.Our postal address is 4525 S Tripp ave.Chicago, IL 60632We can be reached via e-mail at info@isolaimports.comor you can reach us by telephone at 773.342.2121
Updated September 2016
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. Isola Imports is committed to protecting and managing isolaimports.com as well as the information you share with us. We will not sell or share your personal information with third parties.
Isola Imports automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookies, and the page(s) you visited. This information is not considered personally identifiable information and cannot be used to identify any individual. Despite this, this information, again, will not be sold shared or rented to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Internal Use of Information
Your information is collected and use solely for internal uses for:
Order history, status, tracking, and confirmationTo inform you on new products, services and offers through subscription services and e-mail newslettersAnalyzing trends and statistics for internal use
We may partner with Third Parties in specific areas such as direct mail,
to help better your experience and our company. There are times when we partner with third parties to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to fulfill these services. We have informed these parties that under no circumstances can or will they use any personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services as outlined in our agreement with them. If you wish not to have your information shared in these cases you may email info@isolaimports.com or call us at 773.342.2121 to be removed from the list. You may also may write to us at:
Isola Imports 4525 S Tripp ave. Chicago, IL 60632
Editing your Information
In the "My Profile" section isolaimports.com, you are able to review and / or alter the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. To delete your account, please contact us. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries). Consumers can access this information by the e-mail at the above address. Consumers can correct this information by sending us an e-mail at the above address, calling us or writing to us at the above address. To delete your account, please contact us at info@isolaimports.com or call us at 773.342.2121.
Email Newsletter and Direct Mailers
As a registered user of isolaimports.com, you are signed up to occasionally receive information regarding special offers, seasonal items, new products, and services. This information is normally provided in the form of an e-mail newsletter or occasionally a Direct Mail piece. At anytime, you may opt out of the newsletter or direct mail information by clicking the "unsubscribe" button in a received newsletter or by contacting us at info@isolaimports.com or call us at 773.342.2121.
Cookies
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at info@isolaimports.com, calling us at 773.342.2121, or writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Isola Imports is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Children On-Line
Parents should always supervise their children while online. Isola's website is not designed nor intended to collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen (13). So that we may comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that children under the age of thirteen not provide any personal information on this website.
Security
Your personal information and payment information is always secure. We use the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to guarantee the security of your transactions and your information. Isola Imports uses SSL to make sure that your data is always encrypted, secure, and protected. Only Isola Imports Employees and Partners have access to website information to ensure security.
Notification of Policy Changes
If we decide to make material changes to our privacy policy, in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our Web site.Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. The effective date of the current privacy policy is September 30, 2016.
Questions or Feedback
If you have any questions about the privacy or security at our Web site, you can send an e-mail to info@isolaimports.com
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically athttp://www.ftc.gov/ftc/compl aint.htm.