http://www.garagecabinetsonline.com/pages/terms-of-use
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website. By using this website, and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age. This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you consent to our company's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
When we mention “website” in these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy, we mean Garage CabinetsOnline.com. When we mention “we”, “us”, “our” or “Company” in these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy, then we mean Massage Chairs LLC, a division of United Commerce Group, Inc. When we mentioned “you” or “your” in these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy, we mean any user of this website. For the avoidance of doubt, a user of this website is any person who uses, views or is able to use or view all or any portion of the website at any time for any reason whatsoever.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Company and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages or other content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions. You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Company’s express written consent. You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Company’s express written consent.
Online Orders & Purchase Orders
Web Site orders of goods, or goods ordered over the phone, fax or email, shall be considered final once you agree to purchase goods and request that we begin processing your order for shipment. The order of goods through us shall constitute acceptance by you of these terms of use, which shall supersede all additional or conflicting terms and conditions between you and us. Unless otherwise agreed prior to ordering goods from us, payment terms are 100% paid in full prior to shipment. Should we agree to accept partial payment before shipping, then the balance of any remaining funds due to to us shall be paid in full no later than 5 days following delivery of the goods. Where allowed by applicable law, you agree to pay a finance charge, at a monthly rate of the maximum allowed by applicable law, on past due payments, beginning on the day of delivery of the goods. You agree to pay us all costs of collection, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, collection fees, finance charges, arbitration costs and court costs incurred to collect payment. Title to and risk of loss and damage to the goods purchased from us shall pass to you immediately upon delivery of the goods to a common carrier. You shall inspect all goods delivered within twenty-four (24) hours after delivery of goods (hereinafter, "Inspection Period") and you shall notify us of any defects, shortages, over shipments, or nonconformance in any of the goods by the end of the Inspection Period. Any goods not rejected by you within such Inspection Period shall be deemed to have been accepted by you.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Company reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or this entire website, at Company’s sole discretion. If Company provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. Company may disable your user ID and password in Company’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose. You grant to Company a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant to Company the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights. Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Company or a third party (in each case under any applicable law). You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint. Company reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Company servers, or hosted or published upon this website. Notwithstanding Company’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Company does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
No warranties This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Company makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing sentences, Company does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional. The company has the right to refuse orders based on typos or false information that may have been advertised on the website by mistake.
Limitations of liability
Company is not and will not be liable to you or any third party (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Company has been expressly advised of the potential loss. Your continued use of this website is clear indication of your willingness to accept these Terms and conditions with the Limitations of Liability set forth here.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Company's liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by Company’s sole negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Company; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Company to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in these website Terms and Conditions are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Company has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Company officers or employees in respect of any losses you allegedly suffer in connection with the website. Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect all Company officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as the Company.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions are or are found to be unenforceable under applicable law, that finding will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Indemnity
You hereby agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Company, and undertake to keep Company indemnified, held harmless and defended, against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Company to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Company’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Company arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these Terms and Conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these Terms and Conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Company's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Company may take such action as Company deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Company may revise these Terms and Conditions from time-to-time. Revised Terms and Conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised Terms and Conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version. In return for your use of this website, you are responsible for being aware of the Terms and Conditions as they are updated from time to time.
Assignment
Company may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Company's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent. You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with the Privacy Policy and any other policies set forth within the website, constitute the entire agreement between you and Company in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of South Carolina, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non- exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Charleston County, South Carolina.
Product successfully added to your Shopping Cart
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout
Sample Product
Add to cart
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
x