http://www.germanimporthaus.com/privacy-policy.html
Loading... Please wait...
Sign in or Create an account
My Account
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Search
Save today!
Always great values at germanimporthaus.com
Come browse our store
Shop Our Store
Men's Clothing
Bundhosen
Shirts, Trachten German
Shoes
Socks, German Socks
Suspenders
Ties and Accessories
Trachten Suits
Trachten Vests
Vest Chains
Hats, Pins, Feathers & Gamsbarts
Hats (German Alpine Hats)
Hat Pins (German hat pins)
Feathers
Gamsbart (German brush)
Feather & Gamsbart Holders
Women's German Clothing
Dirndl Blouses
Dirndl Aprons
Dirndl Dresses
German Vests and Spencers
Lederhosen
Socks, Trachten Socks
Sweaters
T-Shirts
Ladies Oktoberfest Costume
Girls Clothing
Dirndl Aprons
Dirndl Blouses
Dirndl Dresses
T-Shirts
Trachten Socks
Boys Clothing
Bundhosen
Shirts, Trachten German
Lederhosen, Oktoberfest shorts
Socks, German Trachten
T-Shirts
Infant Onesis
T-Shirts
Traditional German Jewelry
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Scarf Pendants
Men's Vest Chains
Hair Garlands
Souvenirs
Oktoberfest Aprons
Scarves
Oktoberfest
Hats
German Music CDs
Magnets
Cook Books
License Plates
Braids, Buttons, Accessories
Braids & Laces
Clips, Buttons, and Pulls
Sales and Deals
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns or questions.
Information We Collect
As part of the order process, the following information is collected from shoppers:
Name
Shipping/Billing Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
We also use Google Analytics to collect cookie-based anonymous data from our website visitors. Please note that no personally-identifiable information is collected by Google Analytics.
How Your Information is Used
Information collected during the purchase process is solely used to process your order and communicate with your about your purchase.
Anonymous information collected by Google Analytics is used in aggregate to help us better understand how visitors use our website and improve our product offering and services. You may opt-out of this data collection by clearing your web browser's cookies or by installing the Opt-Out Browser Add-on, which can be found here.
Our Commitment To The Security of Your Data
We have partnered with Authorize.net to process payments on our website. Authorize.net utilizes the highest level of security to protect your personal data. In addition, our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to ensure the safety of any information provided during the order process. You can confirm that SSL is enabled through the display of a locked padlock located in the bottom right corner of your web broswer.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
About Us  |  Size Charts  |  Shipping and Returns  |  Privacy Policy  |  Contact Us
Copyright © 2002-2020 German Import Haus.