http://www.supporthosestore.com/pages/privacy-policy
icon-account
icon-account
icon-arrow-right
icon-arrow-down
icon-arrow-next
icon-arrow-prev
icon-slideshow-next
icon-slideshow-previous
icon-comment
icon-heart
icon-cart
icon-bag
icon-close
icon-glasses
icon-menu
icon-minus
icon-play
icon-plus
social-seach
social-facebook
social-fancy
social-google
social-instagram
social-pinterest
social-rss
social-twitter
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected online by Support Hose Store, LLC, its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries, owner and operator of the SupportHoseStore.com website, (collectively referred to as “Support Hose Store”) in connection with its U.S.-based websites, microsites, mobile sites or mobile apps that expressly adopt, display or link to this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as our “Sites”). It also applies to personal information Support Hose Store collects in connection with its pages on social media sites, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, or others (collectively referred to as our “Social Media Pages”). Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13, and no one under the age of 13 should provide personal information on our Sites.
This Privacy Policy answers the following questions:
What information does Support Hose Store collect about you on our Sites and Social Media Pages?
How do we use the information we collect about you?
How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?
Does Support Hose Store share your information with third parties?
What choices do you have over how Support Hose Store uses your information?
How does Support Hose Store secure your information on its Sites?
Will this Privacy Policy change?
How can I contact Support Hose Store?
1. What information does Support Hose Store collect about you on our Sites and Social Media Pages?
We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including when
you provide us information
we observe or collect information through technology
we receive information about you from third parties
we collect information on our Social Media Pages.
Ranging across the following CCPA categories:
personal identifiers
inferences drawn
professional or employment-related information
geolocation information
education information
characteristics of a protected classification
internet or other electronic network activity information
Information You Provide
We may ask you to provide information about yourself directly to our Sites, such as the following:
name
social security number
address
personal preferences
email address
information related to customer satisfaction
telephone number
employment history
payment card information
resume, cover letter and similar employment related materials
location information
We may allow you to use your personal social media account, on social media sites (“Personal Social Media Account”), to provide information to us when you participate in certain features on our Sites. This information may include any information you have shared on your Personal Social Media Accounts, such as the following:
your name
birthday
profile picture
education
gender
work history
networks
address
user ID
interests
list of friends
likes
language
country
It is also possible that we will be able to continue collecting this information from your Personal Social Media Accounts should the information be revised by you later. You may choose not to provide us with certain requested information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features on our Sites.
Information Observed or Collected Through Technology
Navigational Information. Navigational information, such as the following, is collected by us and our third party service providers when you use our Sites:
browser type and version
operating system
the Internet service provider used to access our Sites
IP Address
use of links to arrive at our Sites
web pages requested and viewed
time spent on our Sites
for our mobile websites, technical information about the device used, such as screen size, cookie support by the device and how images may appear
Location Information. Our Sites and emails include features that may require collecting different types of location information that we then use for the specific feature you have selected, such as:
Email. Our emails may use your IP Address to determine the postal code where you are located when you open the email. This allows us to tailor content to you. The specificity of the location can vary depending on the device used to open our emails.
Cookies and other similar technology. We and our third party service providers use “cookies.” Cookies assign a unique identification to your device and are typically stored on your device by your web browser. We may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons, web bugs, and clear GIFs) on the Sites and in emails. A pixel tag is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a webpage or in an email message.
The information we and our third party service providers collect through cookies, pixel tags and similar technology includes the following:
your interactions with our Sites and with our advertisements
the time of your visit to our Sites
confirmation when you open email from us, including the time you open the email and whether you click on any links in the email
sites you visit after visiting one of our Sites.
For additional information on the use of cookies for advertising, see “3. How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?”, below.
Information Obtained from Third parties
We may combine information about you from other sources with the information we have collected about you on our Sites or Social Media Pages.
For example, in connection with searching and applying for jobs with us, we may use a third party to collect and process the applicant profiles and preferences, monitor website activity, maintain the database, and provide plug-ins (such as LinkedIn) at your request. We require that the information you provide on pages hosted by these third parties be maintained by them in confidence. Information you voluntarily supply will be stored in a database, which will be accessed by authorized personnel of Support Hose Store to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes with any of our affiliates. We may also keep the information for future consideration.
Information Collected on the Support Hose Store Social Media Pages
Personal information may be collected directly by us through our Social Media Pages. The type of information we would collect is similar to what is described above under “Information You Provide.” Personal information may also be collected by the social media site hosting our Social Media Pages. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Support Hose Store has its Social Media Pages.
2. How do we use the information we collect about you?
The information we learn from you helps us personalize your experience with us and our communications to you, and helps us continually improve your experience on our Sites. None of the information we collect is sold or disclosed to a third-party for a third-party’s business purpose.
We use the information you provide, information collected through your Personal Social Media Accounts, and information collected on our Social Media Pages for things like:
opening an online account
responding to your inquiries
improving and developing our products
market research and survey
servicing our customers
analytics
advertising and marketing, including emails and postal mail
conducting events, promotions, contests and sweepstakes
personalizing your experience when visiting our Sites
processing job and affiliate applications
We use navigational information gathered through technology for determining things like:
which parts of our Sites are most visited or used
difficulties visitors may experience in accessing our Sites
what features/products are browsed
monitoring the number of visitors to our Sites
how to improve and better transact business
average time spent on our Sites
the effectiveness of our Sites
any programming errors or failures on any of our Sites
lead generation
We use information collected through cookies and similar technology to determine many of the same things listed for navigational information above. In addition cookies and similar technology are used for things like:
personalizing your experience on our Sites
serving tailored ads on other sites, as described below
tailoring email marketing to you based on your preferences on or use of our Sites
determining return visitors
measuring the effectiveness of our advertising
We use third-party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to measure traffic and usage trends, and to help us better understand your use of and interaction with our Sites and Social Media Pages. For more information on how Google uses data when you use our Sites, click here.
Similar to the navigational information described above, the social media sites where we have our Social Media Pages may provide aggregate information and analysis to us about visitors to our Social Media Pages. This allows us to better understand and analyze our user growth, general demographic information about the users of, and interaction with content on, our Social Media Pages.
3. How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other sites that you visit and what choices do you have?
We may contract with third party advertising companies to tailor online advertising to be directed to you on other websites. These third party advertising companies place, use, or rely on technology, such as cookies and pixel tags, to obtain information about your interactions with our Sites as well as with other websites. This information helps us select advertising to serve to you and where to serve it based on your experience on our Sites and other sites that you visit.
For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in, and the effect of opting out, click the following: DAA Opt Out or NAI Opt Out. By clicking this website, you will then leave our Site for another online site where you may specify your preferences under that opt-out program. You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through these technologies. You should also note that our systems may not recognize “Do Not Track” headers from some or all browsers.
4. Does Support Hose Store share your information with third parties?
We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to unrelated third parties except as set forth below. We may share your personal information with the following:
our contractors and affiliates so that they can provide information to you about their and our products and services,
our contractors, vendors, affiliates and third party service providers in order to perform tasks on our behalf such as the following:
facilitating your purchase
assisting in servicing our products
providing and improving our communications with you
responding to requests to our investor relations
cloud based and hosting services
third parties so that they can offer products or services related to your purchase
when it is necessary for completing or servicing any transactions that you have authorized and, in some instances, to verify the existence or condition of your account with a financial institution, credit bureau or other third party
to verify an application for employment
as required to cooperate with a subpoena, search warrant or other legally valid inquiry, court order or other legal process, or as required or permitted by law
to protect the rights, property or safety of our Sites, our users or others, including where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
as necessary and appropriate to protect Support Hose Store from harm due to fraud or other illegal activities.
If Support Hose Store were ever merged with or acquired by another company, or if we acquire another business entity or are involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control, or if we sell substantially all the assets of a division, affiliate or subsidiary, some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared with the acquiring or acquired company.
We may also share aggregate data about our sales, customers, traffic patterns, and other related Site information with third parties, but none of this data is connected to an individual’s personal information.
5. What choices do you have over how Support Hose Store uses your information?
We give you choices about the information we collect and how we communicate with you.
Email: You may opt-out of our marketing emails by following the instructions listed in the email that you received. However, even if you opt-out you may still receive non-marketing emails, such as customer service communications.
Location Information:
Mobile Device Location Information. Your mobile device settings may allow you to disable location-based services, which will prevent our Sites from accessing your precise mobile device location information. We recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your device for instructions.
Desktop Device Location Information. Your desktop web browser may allow you to remove permission you granted through your desktop device for our Sites to access your location information and/or completely block requests for location information. We recommend you review the help or user manual provided with your browser for instructions.
Email Location Information. Your email program may allow you to prevent the pixel tags or images in the emails you receive from us from downloading, which will also prevent our service provider from accessing your location information. You can also unsubscribe from receiving our emails, as described in the “Email” section above.
Postal Marketing: If you no longer want to receive marketing materials from us via regular postal mail, please call our customer service department at 800-515-4271 or fill out our online form and tell us that you want to be removed from the Support Hose Store postal mailing list, including the postal address you wish to have removed.
California Opt-Out Rights: Under California law, if you are a resident of California and have previously communicated with us or purchased something from us, you may make a written request to Support Hose Store about the following matters:
How we have shared your personal information during the prior calendar year with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
In response to your written request, Support Hose Store is allowed to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing rather than providing the information about these third parties. We are providing the opportunity to opt out, which you can do by submitting a California Resident Opt-Out Request Form, that includes your name and all of the postal addresses and email addresses that you have provided to us.
Additionally, under the CCPA, California residents have the right to request that their personal information be cleared from our records. To submit this request, please use the same form at the link above and state your request in the form.
Finally, if you simply would like to request a copy of your personal information that we have stored, please use the form at the link above and state that request in the form. This is your right as a California resident under the CCPA.
6. How does Support Hose Store secure your information on its Sites?
Our Sites utilize encryption technology. We also use firewalls and have implemented other reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures designed to protect the personal information in our custody or control from unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. Moreover, we regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. While we implement these security measures on our Sites, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
We may enable you to navigate to third-party websites through links on our Sites. We do this for your convenience. If it is not one of our Sites, we don't endorse, may not have any affiliation with, do not control and aren't responsible for those third-party websites and/or their Internet and web practices. Whether the third-party content appears within our Site environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Site for another website to view it, the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of those other websites govern your online experience. Please review their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices.
7. Will this Privacy Policy change?
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it periodically. We will update the effective date of the Privacy Policy at the time a change is made.
8. How can I contact Support Hose Store?
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please contact us by calling our Customer Service Department at 855-363-4979, filling out an online inquiry form, or writing us at the following address: 1840 Enterprise Drive, Rochester Hills, MI., 48309 Attn: Privacy Policy, making sure to include your question, name and contact information.
Effective as of: March 10, 2018
payment-american_express
payment-apple_pay
payment-bitcoin
payment-dankort
payment-diners_club
payment-discover
payment-dwolla
payment-forbrugsforeningen
payment-jcb
payment-google_wallet
payment-laser
payment-maestro
payment-master
payment-paypal
payment-shopify_pay
payment-solo
payment-switch
payment-visa
Search