http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/shopping-with-whsmith/paying-for-orders-online/hel00008/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Shopping with WHSmith
Next
Payment
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Shopping with WHSmith
Payment
Go to Category: Payment
Cancel
Apply
Paying for Orders Online
How to pay for your WHSmith.co.uk orders.
What are the Ways to Pay?
Is Payment Secure?
When Will I be Charged?
Can I Pay by Gift Card or eVoucher?
How Does Laybuy Work?
How Do I Set Up a Credit Account?
What if I Need to Cancel an Order?
What if there is a Problem with Payment?
Do you Store my Payment Details?
What are the Ways to Pay?
You can use credit and debit cards, PayPal, gift cards or a credit account to pay for your online orders. You can pay with a combination of a payment card / PayPal and a Giftcard(s).
We accept the following credit and debit cards:
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Maestro
Delta
JCB
Diner's Club
PayPal
Laybuy
Pay by Bank
It's not possible to pay for your online orders using paper WHSmith gift vouchers or paper book tokens. However, you can use them in store.
Your payment to us will show up on your card statement as being made to WHSmith.co.uk
Back to top
Is Payment Secure?
You can shop with confidence at WHSmith.co.uk. Keeping your information secure is one of our top priorities.
To keep your name, address, credit card details and other information safe, we use the best security software available.
This is called SSL and it encrypts your personal information to make sure it's protected to the highest standard.
How SSL works
When you go to our checkout, you enter a secure part of our website. You'll see a closed padlock icon in your browser - this shows you that the information you give will be transferred securely.
Want to know more?
Comodo is the Advanced Certificate Authority. Comodo has spent millions on research and development to discover new and advanced technologies to make websites safe. WHSmith has undertaken Comodo's certification process before this website was accepted as safe by Comodo. To find out more about Comodo and SSL, and to verify that the WHSmith website is protected, click on the Comodo logo.
Back to top
When Will I Be Charged?
Your credit or debit card, gift card or Paypal account will be charged when you place your order. If for any reason we are not able to fulfill your order we will refund you.
For more details on card payments, see our terms and conditions
Back to top
Can I Pay by Gift Card?
Yes – simply enter you gift card number and security code found on the back of your gift card in the checkout at WHSmith.co.uk. You may need to scratch off a panel to reveal the security code.
If your gift card does not cover the cost of your order we will prompt you to add another gift card or payment card. Money will be deducted from your gift card as soon as your order is placed. If your order is cancelled or unfulfilled we will issue a refund to your gift card, so please do not discard the card until you are happy with your order.
Paper gift vouchers, paper book tokens and WHSmith Achievement Award vouchers cannot be used online.
e-gift cards bought for other websites cannot be redeemed on the WHSmith website.
Please note that many of our partner websites, including FunkyPigeon.com, will not accept WHSmith gift cards online.
See more in Gift Card help
Back to top
How Does Laybuy Payment Work?
LayBuy is a third party payment service that allows you to buy items now and pay for them in later instalments. You can use LayBuy to pay for WHSmith orders over £15, excluding gift cards, e-gift cards, stamps and gift experiences.
Orders paid for using Laybuy can only be returned by post and cannot be returned to stores. Please be aware that Laybuy may charge fees for late payments.
Back to top
How Do I Set Up a Credit Account?
Our credit accounts are available for UK-based:
schools
colleges
government institutions
charities
companies
How our credit accounts work
Rather than paying by credit card or debit card when you shop with WHSmith.co.uk, we will send you an invoice to be settled within 30 days.
Once you have created a credit account you can place orders with us as normal, except you will not be asked for payment at the checkout. We’ll check the balance of your account and if you are within your credit limit we will process your order.
Orders must be placed by the account holder, and we cannot include purchase order numbers and other information with the orders.
How to apply for a credit account
Follow these simple steps...
1. Create a standard customer WHSmith account in My Account. You'll need to add an email address and contact details.
2. Complete the Credit Account Application Form to apply for your account to be converted into a credit account. You will need Adobe Reader to download the form. Not got Adobe Reader? Get it now for free.
3. Send your completed application form to us:
Email: support@whsmith.co.uk
Fax: 01793 563381
Post:
WHSmith Credit Accounts,
WHSmith.co.uk,
Greenbridge rd,
Swindon,
SN3 3LD
What happens next?
You will receive an email from our customer service team letting you know whether your application has been approved or not.
If we approve your application, our customer service team will create an account using the details you've provided. We'll then email the account holder telling them they can now order and explaining how to do this on the website.
Sometimes we have to turn down an application. If this happens you can still create a normal online account using a credit or debit card for payment.
Back to top
What if I need to Cancel an Order?
We charge credit cards, debit cards, gift cards and PayPal when you place the order, so if you cancel we will refund you to the card or account you used to pay.
View our Returns and Refunds page for more information.
Back to top
What if There is a Problem with Payment?
If your bank doesn't authorise your payment, a message will appear on the order placement page in checkout telling you what to do next. Please note that only your bank can tell you why your card has been declined.
Back to top
Do You Store my Payment Details?
You enter your payment card details in checkout. After you've checked out you can choose to create an account so that we remember your details for next time. When you create an account your card details will be saved and should be able to view in your account after 24 hours.
You can save several credit and debit cards and pick the one you want to use.
We don't store your details on our systems, we pass them to our secure payment provider and refer to them by a code number when you next make an order.
Read more about payment security here
Back to top
My Question is Not Answered Here. What Do I Do?
We may have the answer on another help page - you can check our FAQs here.
Still need help? Contact our Customer Services team
Back to top
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies