http://www.jakeandamos.com/home/privacy-policy
Home
My Cart (0)
Search
Products
Recipes
About Us
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Hide Menu
Jake And Amos
Home
Search Products
Products
Recipes
About Us
Jakeandamos.com values the privacy of all website viewers. Any of the following personal information that may be made available to the company when browsing or navigating the site shall be kept confidential:
First and last name
Company, home, postal or other physical address
Other contact information, for example, telephone number, fax number, email address, and other similar information
Title or position in a company or an organization
Occupation
Industry
Any other information needed to provide a service you requested
Examples of scenarios where our visitors provide their personal information include, but may not be limited, to:
Emailing, calling or communicating with Dutch Valley.
Posting a question or comment through the site.
Requesting literature.
Registering to attend a seminar or any event.
Participating in an online survey.
Requesting inclusion in an email or other mailing list.
Submitting an entry for a contest or other promotions.
Logging in to the site, thus requiring a username and/or a password.
Any other business-related reason.
Jakeandamos.com provides you the opportunity to agree or decline to give your personal information via the Internet. We will inform you of the purpose for the collection and do not intend to transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the discussion entitled “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we may transfer that information, within the company or to a third-party service provider as necessary.
Domain Information Collection
We may collect domain information to enable us to analyze how our visitors use this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which people visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. We use this information to improve our Web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Use of Cookies and Tracking User Traffic
Some pages on this site may use “cookies”—small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID to track the pages visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us.
Some parts of the site may also use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our Web site information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. Please note that cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive. Your Web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Web site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, by not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function, and you may not be able to access certain information on this site.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We never share outside the company without your permission, except under conditions listed below:
Consenting to share your information to a third-party service provider working on our behalf to serve you.
Requiring us to provide you with a product or service.
We will also disclose your personal information, if required to do so by law, or in urgent circumstances, to protect personal safety, the public or our sites.
Internet Security
Jakeandamos.com strives to protect your personal information; however, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
Children under 13 years old are not the target audience for our Web site. To protect their privacy, Jakeandamos.com prohibits the solicitation of personal information from these children.
Links to Third Party Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. We do not share your personal information with those Web sites and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Jakeandamos.com reserves the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please email us at the contact information on the site.