https://www.eframe.co.uk/help/policies/privacy/
Help
Policies
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective 18 May 2018
When you use our website and buy our products, you trust us with your information. It's important that you understand how we collect, use, share and store your data.
We've helped to frame millions of pictures for business and individuals. Our services include:
Selling and manufacturing custom frames, mounts and prints
Selling ready made frames and similar products
White label fulfilment for business customers
Information you supply
We'll ask you for personal information, like your phone number, email address or credit card details when you checkout or contact us. You are not required to share this information with us, but by not doing so we
will not be able to supply you with our products and services, or respond to your questions.
Cookies & other technologies
When you navigate and use our website we may use cookies and other similar technologies such as web beacons. These technologies are used to analyse the traffic on our website in order for us to improve our services.
We also use the information collected using these technologies to remember personal information, like your name and what you've added to your shopping basket.
You can disable cookies in your browser. However, we strongly recommend
that you keep cookies enabled. Without cookies you will not be able to buy our products or use certain features on our website.
Logs
Almost every website in the world will collect some information about you, your location and browser automatically and store it in server log files. This information will include your IP address.
We use this information to learn about our users, their behaviour and to keep the website in good working order.
We may combine the information you supply to provide and improve our products and services, in addition to:
To keep you posted on offers and news. If you don't want to be on our mailing list, please use the unsubscribe link at the footer of any non-transactional emails we may have sent you.
We may send you details of important changes to our services, policies, products or your order.
Because this information is considered transactional, you are not able to opt out.
If you enter a sweepstakes, or competition, we may use your information to manage these.
We may aggregate non-personal information such a referrer URL and activities on our website to understand how users engage with our products.
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with the ability to access your personal information.
If that information is wrong, you can update it by using the online tools or emailing our customer service team.
You can request to have your personal information deleted unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
We try to protect information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services,
we may not remove information from our backup systems.
You can unsubscribe at any time from our marketing list by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of any marketing email.
We often need to provide your personal information to other trusted companies or people so that it can be processed for us.
We will not share your personal information with companies outside of our own, unless one or more of the following circumstances applies:
Service providers
We may provide relevant personal information to partners that we work closely with to enable us to provide our products and services, or market to customers.
For example, we need to exchange certain information with	our carrier or postal partners so that they can deliver your products. Your information will not
be shared with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
We select our partners carefully and ensure they take every reasonable step to protect your data, but we are not responsible for any damages which you or others
may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information by a third party with whom which we have shared your information.
For legal reasons
On rare occasions, it may be necessary to disclose information about you if required by law to do so. Additionally, we may share information about you with certain parties should we believe it
necessary to enforce our terms of sale or to protect our business.
Technology & storage
We take your trust in us seriously, and make security and confidentiality of your details our highest priority.
eFRAME uses SHA-256 SSL (secure socket layer) technology to protect your data. This technology is used to secure every interaction you have with us on our website.
This technology protects and encrypts your personal and payment information during communication. We do not store any sensitive payment information on our servers.
Access
Sometimes when you use our products, services or website you may be sharing information that's publicly accessible.
For example, when you leave a comment on our blog it can be visible to the public and indexed by search engines.
You are responsible for ensuring the information you share in this way can cause you no harm or loss, so please take care.
Our employees and service providers regularly access your personal information.
This privacy policy is communicated to them and we strictly enforce the safeguards put in place within the company with respect to data protection.
Changes
From time to time we may update this policy. When any changes are made the policy will be updated on our website.
We will never diminish your rights to privacy with changes to this policy, unless you have given explicit consent.
Acceptance
This policy applies to all the services that we provide. Whenever you use our services or place an order you are agreeing to this policy.
Business Purposes
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you,
or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Service team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and sales analysis.
Legal Necessity
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions,
we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
Did you find an answer?
Yes
No
Let us know some details and we'll get back to you soon.