https://www.eflightmanuals.com/policy/privacy.asp
Product Search
Home
Aero Engines
Aviation-Related
Military Aircraft
Civilian Aircraft
Engine Manuals
Propeller Manuals
Helicopter Manuals
Commuter Airliners
Accessories Manuals
Avionics Manuals
Major Airliners
Product Index
Product Index - Text
Category Index
12/11/2020 12:39:47 AM
View Cart
My Account
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
DMCA/Copyright Notice
Export Warning
Log Out
This Policy applies to all eFlightManuals.com websites that have URLs.
It is a statement of eFlightManual.com's general privacy policy and practices governing the ways in which we collect, hold and use information about individual persons.
Our privacy policy is easy to find as it is located on our homepage and is linked to any part of a site where personal data are requested.
At such data collection points, further explanation may be provided, where appropriate, as to the purposes for which the data will be used.
This Policy, coupled with any supplementary explanation, is designed to provide privacy protection tailored to the individual visitor to or user of eFlightManuals.com's website(s).OwnershipThis website and associated content is owned by EFM, LLC, a Colorado registered company.
Any reference to eFlightManuals.com implies eFlightManuals.com and EFM, LLC jointly.Pledge on PrivacyThe term "personal data" as used in this Policy refers to information such as your name, contact information, e-mail address or mailing address, that can be used to identify you.
eFlightManuals.com will not collect or process your personal data without your consent.
In processing your personal data, we pledge to fully comply with internationally recognized standards of privacy protection.
In so doing, we ensure compliance by our staff with strict standards of security and confidentiality.
The next sections explain how and when we collect personal data from you.Intended Use of Personal DataMost of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are.
However, some services may require registration.
When you register with us, you may need to complete certain fields (some are required and some are optional), as well as choose a user name and password.
In these situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the site and for us to respond to your query.eFlightManuals.com processes personal data for specific and limited purposes which we inform you about when we ask you for information.
For example, we may collect and use personal data to provide you with products or services, to bill you for products and services you request, to market products and services which we think may be if interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes.
Information you send to our customer service department is used only to help resolve your problem and is otherwise kept private.eFlightManuals.com keeps your data only for as long as is reasonably needed for such purposes and in accordance with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or documentation retention requirements.Non-Disclosure of InformationeFlightManuals.com will not sell, share, or otherwise distribute your personal data to third parties outside the eFlightManuals.com group.
However, personal data may occasionally be transferred to third parties who act for or on behalf of eFlightManuals.com, or in connection with the business of eFlightManuals.com, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data were originally collected.Where disclosure of personal data to a third party is likely or necessary for whatever reason, eFlightManuals.com will, wherever possible, endeavor to ensure that the disclosure and intended use of the data are clearly indicated.Such third parties may operate different privacy policies.
However, we endeavor to ensure that such third parties provide the same level of protection as eFlightManuals.com and, where appropriate, we will contractually require them to process data transferred only for the purposes expressly authorized by eFlightManuals.com.We will not share with third parties any data about you that is not required in order to fulfill and services you have requested
in the absence of your prior and explicit consent.
Your consent may always be revoked at a later date.
If consent is revoked eFlightManuals.com may not be able to carry out certain requests made by you.
eFlightManuals.com will, where practicable, inform third parties to whom your data have been transferred of your withdrawal of consent.Right of AccessYou have the right to access and update your personal data or to require their deletion.
We endeavor to ensure that personal data are up-to-date, accurate, and complete.
If you wish to access or correct your personal data held by us, please contact us through our website email form.
Your requests will be dealt with in a prompt and proper manner and no charge will ever be levied for complying with a correction request. Requests to delete personal data will be subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document filing or retention obligations imposed on eFlightManuals.com.Security and ConfidentialityTo ensure the security and confidentiality of personal data that eFlightManuals.com collects on-line, eFlightManuals.com uses data networks protected, inter alia, by industry standard firewall and password protection.
Access to personal data is restricted to those employees who have a need to use the data and who have been trained to handle such data properly and observe strict standards of confidentiality.
If an employee breaches our Privacy Policy he/she will be disciplined accordingly.
Staff compliance with our policies and procedures is regularly audited and reviewed.
While we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse or alteration to data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.Data Transfer AbroadeFlightManuals.com is a global enterprise and has databases in different jurisdictions.
eFlightManuals.com may transfer your data to one of its databases outside your country of domicile.
If the level of privacy protection in a country does not comply with recognized international standards, we will ensure that data transfers to eFlightManuals.com databases in that country are adequately protected and that the transfer of data to third parties in such countries will not occur unless we obtain your express consent to such transfer in advance.Anonymous Data and "Cookies"Most of the information that eFlightManuals.com collects from its website(s) is anonymous information, such as the pages you visit and searches you perform.
When you visit our website we do not collect any personal data from you unless otherwise authorized by you.
Anonymous information is processed by eFlightManuals.com to help improve the contents of the site and to compile aggregate statistics about individuals using our site for internal, market research purposes.
In so doing, eFlightManuals.com may install "cookies" that collect the first level domain name of the user (e.g., "bigmail.com" from an e-mail address of "john@bigmail.com") and the date and time of access.
"Cookies" by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user.
A "cookie" is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies do not damage your computer.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a "cookie", this will enable you to decide if you want to accept it or not.
SpammingeFlightManuals.com does not condone "spamming".
Spamming is defined as sending unsolicited e-mails, usually of a commercial nature, in large numbers and repeatedly to individuals with whom the sender has had no previous contact or who have declined to receive such communications.Personal Information and ChildreneFlightManuals.com will not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal data from a minor under the age of 13, without obtaining prior consent from a person with parental responsibility (e.g., a parent or guardian) through direct off-line contact.
We will provide the parent with (i) notice of the specific types of personal data being collected from the minor, and (ii) the opportunity to object to any further collection, use, or storage of such information.
eFlightManuals.com abides by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in the U.S. and respect similar laws designed to protect children found in other countries.Links to Other SitesThis Privacy Policy applies only to eFlightManuals.com's websites to the exclusion of third party websites.
eFlightManuals.com may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to our visitors.
We aim to ensure that such websites are of the highest standard.
However, due to the nature of the World Wide Web, eFlightManuals.com cannot guarantee the standards of every website link it provides or be responsible for the contents of non-eFlightManuals.com sites.
GDPR Privacy Statement:What Personal Data do we collect?Only that necessary to complete an order for goods and as volunteered by the customer (i.e., name, address, phone number, delivery address, etc.)Only that necessary for providing email updates as volunteered by the customer (i.e., email address, mailing address, etc.).The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes: The completion of a transaction (i.e., the sale and provision of goods and/or services).Any legitimate interests pursued by us, or third parties we use, are as follows: The completion of a transaction (i.e., the sale and provision of goods and/or services).The special categories of personal data concern are: None.Consent: By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified. You may withdraw consent at any time by cancelling any order or transaction in accordance with the agreed terms of sale.Disclosure: eFlightManuals.com will never pass on your personal data to any third parties without first obtaining your consent. The only third-parties who you agree to allow access your personal data include Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express and will be limited to those necessary to process your transaction depending on the data provided by the customer.Your email address will never be given to any third party.Contact eFlightManuals.comIf you have any queries or complaints about our compliance with this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to make any recommendations or comments to improve the quality of our Privacy Policy, please contact us through our website email form.This privacy policy is effective as of 1/29/2019.
We aim to constantly improve the tools available to you to manage the data that you provide to us.
Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and other new features.
EFM, LLC is not liable for the accuracy, effectiveness or safe use of any aircraft manual or publication and does not warrant that any aircraft manual or publication contains current
revisions.
Aircraft manuals and publications required for any reason other than historical or research purposes should be obtained from the original equipment manufacturer.
Reference herein to any specific commercial products by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, is not meant to imply or suggest any endorsement by, or affiliation with that manufacturer or supplier.
All trade names, trademarks and manufacturer names are the property of their respective owners.
This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law.© 2020 EFM, LLC. All rights reserved.