https://www.vintagetub.com/privacy/
$989 Tub Packages
5% Off Your Order
Clearance
Home
>
Privacy and Security Policy | Vintage Tub & Bath
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Privacy & Security
PRIVACY
Vintage Tub & Bath respects and values your privacy. We do not sell, rent, or give any of the information you provide us to any person, business, or organization not involved in the processing of your order. The information you provide is used to process orders, customize your shopping experience, improve our store, and communicate with you.
Our shopping cart, analytics (Google and Microsoft), and remarketing campaigns function properly only when our site places a tiny amount of code, also known as a "cookie", onto your computer. It is a commonly used code allowing our site to remember what you are ordering. You can delete this cookie after your order is processed. If your browser is set to automatically reject cookies, you will get an error message when you attempt to place your order.
Our website includes links to our social media accounts, such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, and Houzz. Interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
All communications from our business are made either with regard to an order, a catalog request, promotions, social media, or for the email newsletter you can sign up for.
You can also call or email us to request all your user data be removed.
Currently our website does not accept orders outside the United States and Canada.
SECURITY
We use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology to protect your personal and financial data from theft and improper use. This is a standard security process used by commercial web sites. Basically, it scrambles any personal information you send to us. Only Vintage Tub & Bath has the "key" to unscramble the data. You will know you are in "secure mode" when you see a closed padlock appear in your browser.
Any questions or concerns, please contact us at 8778681369 or supply@vintagetub.com.
For more detailed information about our policies, please refer to our Terms and Conditions of Sale page.
NEED HELP? CALL:
877.868.1369
facebook
twitter
youtube
pinterest
instagram
blog
bbb
Join our mailing list:
Subscribe
My account
Log In
Create an Account
Wish List
View Cart
Order Tracking
Need help
Help Center
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping Policy
Freight Delivery
Request a Quote
Our company
About Us
Why Buy from Us
Professional Pricing
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Design center
Buying Guides
Design & Inspirations
Custom Paint
Tub Foam Insulation
Photo Gallery
FAQ
Vintage Tub & Bath ® 395 Oak Hill RoadMountain Top, PA 18707