https://www.hypnosis.org/company-information/privacy-policy.php
Main Menu
Home
Free Hypnosis Scripts
Training Materials
Contact Us
Home
FREE HYPNOSIS SCRIPTS
Training Materials
Contact Us
Home
Training Materials
Contact Us
FREE SCRIPTS
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Online Security
All online purchases are conducted via an encrypted secure server to ensure that your personal information is kept personal. Personal information regarding any online transactions are only handled by Banyan Hypnosis Center staff.
Client Confidentially is Required By Law
Client confidentiality is required by Texas State Law, and the Banyan Hypnosis Center keeps to the highest standards in this regard. Client records are only handled by our staff, which are all required to sign a confidentiality agreement. Your personal information may not be released to any outside agency or individual, unless you have given written permission.
However, there are certain limits to confidentiality, and as a result the Banyan Hypnosis Center may be required to release information to appropriate governmental authorities under certain circumstances, including a legal require for lease of information because of a subpoena or legal investigation, or when we receive information that suggests possible harm to others.
Personal Information Collected Online
The Banyan Hypnosis Center web site, www.HypnosisCenter.com may from time to time offer the ability for its visitors to sign up on a mailing list, or join discussion groups. We do not share this information with any other individual, company or agency.
Automated Computer Tracking Such as Cookies
Our web site is not set up to use cookies. We only use our site logs to gather data that indicates traffic coming to our site. This information is gathered in order to determine where our visitors are coming from so that we may better serve our visitors and promote the site.
A cookie is a record that your computer keeps on your browser. Because our site does not use cookies to identify you, you may use our web site with your browser set to reject cookies.
Hypnosis Training Materials
Training Videos
Hypnosis Office Business Start Up Pack 2.1
Informing Soul Technique™
Instant & Rapid Inductions for the Professional
Pre-Talk - Truth About Hypnosis
The Secret Language of Feelings: Addictions and Compulsions
The Secret Language of Feelings: Weight Loss
Training Audios
Banyan Online Supervision Meetings CD
Cal Banyan's Hypnosis Etc. Podcast CDs
Turn Your Hypnosis Practice into a Gold Mine CDs
Turn Your Hypnosis Practice into a Gold Mine Digital Download
Spirit Releasement CDs
Spirit Releasement Digital Download
How to Conduct a Stop Smoking Session Using 5-PATH® CDs
How to Conduct a Weight Loss Session Using 5-PATH® CDs
Hypnosis Books
Hypnosis and Hypnotherapy Patter Scripts and Techniques
The Secret Language of Feelings
Hypnosis and Hypnotherapy
Quantum Referral Marketing
Easily Hypnotize Anyone - E-book
- more training books -
Self Help Hypnosis Audios
7th Path Self-Hypnosis® CD Set
7th Path Self-Hypnosis® Practice Sessions
Free From Premature Ejaculation
Free To Relax
Free to Sleep
Free to Sleep with a Snorer
Free from Smoking
The Hypnotic Seashore with Music
- more self help hypnosis audio -