https://www.growitalian.com/privacy-policy-and-terms/
lock
plus
Go Back
All Categories
Categories
Seeds
Seeds
All Seeds
Vegetable Seeds
Vegetable Seeds
All Vegetable Seeds
Artichoke
Arugula
Asparagus
Beans
Beans
All Beans
Bush Beans
Pole Beans
Shell Beans
Beets
Broccoli & Cima di Rapa
Brussels Sprouts & Cabbage
Cardoon
Carrots
Cauliflower
Celery & Celeriac
Chard
Chicory & Radicchio
Chick Peas
Cucumber
Eggplant
Endive & Escarole
Fennel
Greens
Kale & Kohlrabi
Lettuce
Misticanza (Mesclun)
Onions & Leeks
Peas
Peppers
Radish & Turnip
Scorzonera & Salsify
Spinach
Tomato
Zucca (Winter Squash)
Zucchini (Summer Squash)
Herb Seeds
Herb Seeds
All Herb Seeds
Basil
Medicinal Herbs
Parsley
Annuals
Perennials
Flower Seeds
Flower Seeds
All Flower Seeds
Annuals
Perennials
Poppies
Sunflowers
Fruit Seeds
Fruit Seeds
All Fruit Seeds
Melons
Rhubarb
Strawberry
Organic Seeds
Gardening Tools & Supplies
Gardening Tools & Supplies
All Gardening Tools & Supplies
Gardening Tools
Season Extension
Kitchen
Kitchen
All Kitchen
Kitchen Tools
Kitchen Towels
Gifts
Gifts
All Gifts
Kitchen Towels and Linens
Soaps from Italy
Soaps from Italy
All Soaps from Italy
Nesti Dante Soaps
Soap Gift Sets
Gift Cards by Mail or Email
Knives and Shears
Books
Books
All Books
Books on Gardening
Cookbooks
Fiction
Books on Italian History, Culture, and Language
Go Back
All Pages
Pages
About Us
About Us
About Us
About Our Seeds
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy and Terms
Growing Guides
Growing Guides
Growing Guides
Growing Guide to Flowers
Starting Herb Seeds
Other Helpful Information
Other Helpful Information
Other Helpful Information
Seeds Per Gram Guide
Vocabulary for Beginning Growers
How to Start Seeds
The 11 Easiest Italian Vegetables to Grow
Spring Planting Guide
Fall Variety Recommendations
How to Test Seeds for Viability
Italian Seed Pack Vocabulary
How to Read A Franchi Seed Packet
Cooking Italian
Cooking Italian
Cooking Italian
Making Pesto for Freezing
Borlotto Bean Recipes
Borlotto Bean Recipes
Borlotto Bean Recipes
Caldo Verde by LeAnn H.
Fagioli Borlotti alla Toscana by Gestur Davidson
Fresh Borlotti Beans with Garlic and Herbs by Louise L.
Pasta Fagioli by Robert S.
Roberto's Shell Beans by Terry K.
2021 Catalog
2021 Catalog
2021 Catalog
Request a Catalog
Manual Order Form
Contact
Blog
Gift Certificates
Home
/
About Us
/
Privacy Policy and Terms
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Growitalian.com's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Growitalian.com's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Growitalian.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Growitalian.com's web site are provided "as is". Growitalian.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Growitalian.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Growitalian.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Growitalian.com's Internet site, even if Growitalian.com or a Growitalian.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Growitalian.com's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Growitalian.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Growitalian.com may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Growitalian.com does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Growitalian.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Growitalian.com of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Growitalian.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Growitalian.com's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Kansas without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.