https://www.uniquelyemu.com/privacy.htm
0
My Account
|
Sign In
Your basket is empty
Home
About Emu Oil
Why Buy From Us
Covid19 Updates
Free Shipping Offer
60 Day Guarantee
F.A.Q.
Why Use Emu Oil About Our Emu Oil Consumer's Guide AEA Certified
Emu Oil
About Our Emu Oil Consumer's Guide AEA Certified
Emu Oil Emu Oil MSDS About Us
Quick Ship Policy Contact Us
Emu Oil Information Emu Oil Research Emu Oil Articles Emu Oil Videos Emu Oil Documents Emu Meat Info
Categories:
Holiday Specials   Regular Emu Oil Ultra Clear Emu Oil Muscle Rubs Skin Care Hair Care Alcohol Hand Cleaner      NEW! Soaps & Cleansers Dietary Supplements Pet Care Products Gift Collections, Sets, Kits Special Offers Eggshells Egg Stands & Accessories Emu Feathers Miscellaneous Clearance
Join Our Newsletter
Get 10% off now!
Name:
Email
Uniquely Emu Products, Inc. Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy.
We don't sell, rent, or otherwise exchange data with anyone for marketing purposes. We won't spam you with emails, or telemarket to you. If you wish to hear from us you can join
our double opt-in newsletter. We will contact you only if there is a problem with your order, or to provide shipping confirmation, tracking numbers, etc. We take every precaution to ensure that any data you entrust with us is kept confidential. That's our promise.
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) To process transactions To send email updates regarding your order To send periodic emails (if you sign up for our newsletter)
Email Newsletter
If you choose to sign up for our newsletter, you must enter your information in the Newsletter Sign-Up Box on any page of our website. This utilizes a double opt-in process to ensure your privacy. If you ever decide to discontinue your newsletter subscription, you can do so at any time by following the simple instructions included with every email. Your email address is secured at all times and is never shared with outside parties, except to the degree necessary to deliver the newsletter.
Forms In several places on our site, we offer convenient forms for asking questions about products and services. These forms are only as secure as email, so please don't send any sensitive information, such as your credit card number, using forms.
The information sent to us in these forms is used solely for the purpose of contacting you to answer your question, provide shipping and price quotes, etc.. Your information will not be used for any marketing purpose whatsoever.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. Your information is secured with multi-layered 256 bit SSL Technology.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 30 days.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information for any marketing purpose whatsoever. The only companies with whom your information is shared are trusted third parties who assist us in processing and shipping your orders, such as our credit card processing company, UPS and the U.S. Postal Service. These parties also agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information as appropriate to comply with the law, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent: By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy: If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us: If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Uniquely Emu Products, Inc.
510 W. Madison St.
Ottawa, IL 61350 customerservice@uniquelyemu.com
1-888-383-9513
Contact Us |
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy |
About Us |
Quick Ship Policy |
Wholesale Bulk Emu Oil |
Distributors Wanted |
Affiliate Program Switch to Mobile
Statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Products sold on this website are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any diseases.
Copyright ©
Uniquely Emu Products, Inc.