https://www.bodycircle.com/catalog/category/view/s/return-policy/id/129/
Help
Home
Help
Help Topics:
100% Quality Guarantee
Fast Service
Free Shipping
Payment
Ordering from Outside the US
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Sizing Info
Custom Requests
Look Up Guest Order
100% Quality Guarantee
Body Circle Designs’ jewelry is 100% guaranteed to be free of flaws, and to be the exact size, gauge, and style that you ordered. We will gladly replace any jewelry that does not meet our standards. All of our jewelry is made in our Seattle manufacturing facility. We use only the highest grade materials in accordance with the APP’s strict standards. Each piece of jewelry is hand polished to a flawless mirror finish. All our jewelry is ultrasonically cleaned before packaging. We have built our reputation on quality jewelry , fast service, and competitive prices.
Fast Service
Body Circle Designs is committed to quality customer service. We carry a large inventory of 316LVM stainless steel jewelry. Due to ever increasing sales volume, most orders are now taking about two to four weeks to ship. We apologize for the delay and are doing everything we can to increase our production and get your orders out sooner. Some items, large gauge jewelry, gemmed jewelry, and titamium jewelry can take up to six weeks before they ship. We will do our best to get your jewelry out as fast as we can. Custom jewelry has to be made to order but usually ships in six weeks. We will contact you when we receive your order and let you know if there will be any delay in getting your order shipped.
Free Shipping
Orders $75 and over are shipped for free to anywhere in the United States via US Priority Mail. This takes 2 - 3 days to anywhere in the US. Orders $200 and over are shipped for free to anywhere in the US via US Express Mail (1-2 day shipping). Orders under $75 are charged a small shipping fee of $7.50 and shipped via US Priority Mail.
Payment
Payment may be made via check, money order, credit card or PayPal. We accept Visa and MasterCard. Until credit terms have been established, payment must be made by either credit card or PayPal.
Outside the US
All orders shipped outside the United States must be prepaid via credit card, money order, or wire transfer in US dollars unless credit terms have been established. Shipping costs for outside of the United States will be determined on an individual basis. US Express Mail and DHL are our preferred shipping options for all orders shipped outside the United States. Standard shipping outside the US is $25 for Canada and everwhere else is $37.
Return Policy
No returns or exchanges on jewelry without return authorization. Please call for details. No returns or exchanges on custom jewelry. If we made a mistake, or there is a flaw in your jewelry, we will be glad to accommodate you. Please call or email us first. Please include your order number with all communications with us regarding that order. You can look up you order here: Orders and Returns.
Privacy Policy
Body Circle Designs does not sell, trade, or rent any of your personal information to others for any purpose. All information received about our customers is held in total privacy by Body Circle Designs.
Click here to read our full Privacy Policy
Sidebar
Orders take two to four weeks to ship.
All our Jewelry is
and
100% Guaranteed
Click Here for More Details
Better Business Bureau A+ Rating
Secure Checkout