http://www.uniformcollection.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Christmas ShopBeauty & Spa
View All
Tunics
Trousers
Dresses
Accessories
Maternity
PPE Shop
PPEHospitality
Front of HouseBar & RestaurantHousekeeping & MaintenanceChefPool & LeisureMaternityPPE Shop
Shop By Profession
SpaBeautySalonHairdressingDentistryReceptionFront of HouseBar & RestaurantHousekeepingChefCateringPool & Leisure
Colleges
Why Choose UsStudent LoginPPE Shop
Bespoke
What We Can DoServices
Maternity
Made to Measure
Logo Embroidery
Request A Brochure
December Offers
Account
Bag
Your bag is empty
COVID-19 Update - We Are Open For Business -
FREE UK DELIVERY When You Spend Over £100
General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018
Florence Roby Limited (“Uniformcollection.com”) is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018. Looking after the personal information you share with us is very important, and we want you to be confident that your personal data is kept safely and securely and to understand how we use it to offer you a better and more personalised shopping experience.
We have published this notice to help you understand
•             How and why Florence Roby collect information from you;
•             Who we share your information with, why and on what basis
•             What your rights are
If we make changes to this notice we will notify you by updating it on our website. Florence Roby will be what is known as the ‘Data Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us, and we will sometimes refer to ourselves in this notice as “we” or “us”. By Data Controller, this means Florence Roby determines the purposes and way in which any personal data are, or will be, processed.
Should you need to contact us please write to:Florence Roby LtdOverbook HouseOverbrook LaneKnowsley Business ParkPrescotMerseysideL34 9FBUK
Or email customer care at froby@uniformcollection.com
What information we collect when you register and why?
When you buy goods from us, you are entering into a contract with us. You will need to set up a Florence Roby Account before ordering from us, so we can set this up we will ask you to provide some personal information such as;
•             Full name
•             Address (and previous addresses)
•             Date of birth
•             Contact numbers, and
•             Email address.
As an existing customer if you have shopped with us using a credit or debit card, or we have taken these details for a payment authorisation, we will securely collect and store this payment card information. New customers and existing customers whose payment cards have expired may be asked if they would like to automatically store these details in order to speed up the payment process. If you set up a direct debit payment, we will also collect bank details from you.
In order to undertake website personalisation, we will also gather information about the devices you use to access our sites (desktop and mobile), and this may include IP address. For further information on our use of cookies and tracking please see our Cookie Notice.
How do we use your information?
Data Protection says that we are allowed to use and share your personal data only where we have a proper reason to do so. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons and these are:
•             Contract - your personal information is processed in order to fulfil a contractual arrangement e.g. in order to send you your goods or the Florence Roby catalogue.
•             Consent – where you agree to us using your information in this way e.g. for storing your payment card details.
•             Legitimate Interests - this means the interests of Florence Roby in managing our business to allow us to provide you with the best products and service in the most secure and appropriate way e.g. to transfer your data to certain Third Party’s such as delivery partners.
•             Legal Obligation – where there is statutory or other legal requirement to share the information e.g. when we have to share your information for law enforcement purposes.
Who we share your information with and why
Florence Roby works with a number of trusted suppliers, agencies and businesses in order to provide you with the high quality goods and services you expect from us such as delivery companies, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies amongst others.
Some examples of the categories of third parties with whom we share your data are:
Delivery Partners
In order for you to receive your goods, Florence Roby works with a number of delivery partners. Again, we only pass limited information to them in order to ensure delivery of your items.
IT Companies
Florence Roby works with business that supports our website and other business systems.
Marketing Companies
We work with marketing companies who help us manage our electronic communications with you or carry out surveys and product reviews on our behalf.
Payment processing
Florence Roby works with trusted third party payment processing providers in order to securely take and manage payments.
Debt recovery and fraud prevention services
Before we provide services, goods or financing to you, we may undertake checks for the purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify your identity. These checks require us to process personal data about you.
The personal data you have provided, we have collected from you, or we have received from third parties will be used to prevent fraud and money laundering, and to verify your identity.
Details of the personal information that will be processed include, for example: name, address, date of birth, contact details, financial information, employment details, device identifiers including IP address and vehicle details.
We and fraud prevention agencies may also enable law enforcement agencies to access and use your personal data to detect, investigate and prevent crime.
We process your personal data on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify identity, in order to protect our business and to comply with laws that apply to us. Such processing is also a contractual requirement of the services or financing you have requested.
We process your personal data on the basis that it is necessary in the public interest or in exercising official authority for us to prevent fraud and money laundering, and to verify identity, in order to protect ourselves and to comply with laws that apply to us.
Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal data for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your data can be held for up to six years.
Consequences of Processing
If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services or financing you have requested, or to employ you, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any questions about this, please contact us on the details above.
Data Transfers
Whenever fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, they impose contractual obligations on the recipients of that data to protect your personal data to the standard required in the European Economic Area. They may also require the recipient to subscribe to ‘international frameworks’ intended to enable secure data sharing.
You’re Rights
Your personal data is protected by legal rights, which include your rights to object to our processing of your personal data; request that your personal data is erased or corrected; request access to your personal data.
For more information or to exercise your data protection rights, please contact us using the contact details above. You also have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, which regulates the processing of personal data.
Transfers to third countries
If you place an order with us and you are outside of the UK we will transfer the data that we hold on you to Florence Roby Limited in the UK.
Florence Roby also works with suppliers and partners who may make use of cloud and/or hosted technologies. We undertake data security due diligence on our partners and ensure that that these partners conform to appropriate accreditations.
Keeping in touch with you
We want to keep you up to date with information about new ranges, special offers and improvements to our website. Florence Roby will not share your information with other companies for their marketing purposes.
If you decide you do not want to receive marketing information from Florence Roby you can request that we stop by writing to our Customer Care at:
Florence Roby Limited, Overbrook House, Overbrook Lane, Knowsley Business Park, Prescot, Merseyside L34 9FB.  Alternatively you can email froby@uniformcollection.com , call the Contact Centre on 01515482228 or use the unsubscribe link within any marketing email.
You may continue to receive mailings for a short period while your request is dealt with.
How long we keep your information
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under other laws.
We may need your personal information to establish, bring or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we will always retain your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer needed by us for any of the purposes listed under how we use your information above. The only exceptions to this are where:
•             The law requires us to hold your personal information for a longer period, or delete it sooner;
•             You exercise your right to have the information erased (where it applies) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law;
•             We bring or defend a legal claim or other proceedings during the period we retain your personal information, in which case we will retain your personal information until those proceedings have concluded and no further appeals are possible; or
•             In limited cases, existing or future law or a court or regulator requires us to keep your personal information for a longer or shorter period.
What are your rights?
You are entitled to request the following from Florence Roby, these are called your Data Subject Rights and there is more information on these on the Information Commissioners website www.ico.org.uk
•             Right of access –to request access to your personal information and information about how we process it
•             Right to rectification –to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
•             Right to erasure (also known as the Right to be Forgotten) – to have your personal information erased. Contact Call Centre 0151 548 2228
•             Right to restriction of processing – to restrict processing of your personal information
•             Right to data portability - to electronically move, copy or transfer your personal information in a standard form
•             Right to object - to object to processing of your personal information
•             Rights with regards to automated individual decision making, including profiling –rights relating to automated decision making, including profiling
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection regulator in Europe, in particular in a country you work or live or where your legal rights have been infringed. The contact details for the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the data protection regulator in the UK, are available on the ICO website www.ico.org.uk where your personal information has or is being used in a way that you believe does not comply with data, however, we encourage you to contact us before making any complaint and we will seek to resolve any issues or concerns you may have.
Cookies
A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website and it will recognise your device on future visits. These types of files do a number of different jobs such as remembering your preferences and chosen items, assisting you to improve your site experience as well as trying to ensure that the adverts or offers you see online are more relevant to you. These “cookies” can be divided into 4 types each of which is outlined below.
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable the site to provide services you have asked for such as remembering your shopping bag items.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
This type collect anonymous information on how people use the site and the data is merged with other users to enable us to improve how the site operates. For example we utilise Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our site, browse or use our site and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, shopping experience and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personal details from which your individual identity can be established.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
These remember choices you make such as language, search parameters such as size, colour or product line. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate with your selections and make the visits more tailored and pleasant. The information is also merged with other users on an anonymous basis to enable us to improve how the site operates. For example our Saved Items feature utilises a cookie to remember the products which you have expressed a wish to save whilst browsing our website.
Category 4: Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers
You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent. Your browser “help” section will normally provide details on how to manage the cookie settings.
Site Statistics
We may disclose aggregate, anonymised statistics about the number of visitors to this Website or number of purchases made as required by our investors. Both the cookies and the embedded code provide statistical information about visits to pages on the site, the duration of individual page view, paths taken by visitors through the site, data on visitors' screen settings and other general information. Florence Roby uses and stores this type of information, as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site, to help it improve the services to its users.
Protecting your security
We may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks. Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. This is done only to confirm your identity - a credit check is not performed and your credit rating is unaffected.
Transfers of your Information
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for Florence Roby or one of our suppliers. Such processing may, for example, be required in order to fulfil your order, process your payment details or provide support services.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, but cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
In the event that Florence Roby sells or buys any business or assets;
If Florence Roby or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data which we hold about our customers may be one of the transferred assets; or
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Florence Roby, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Third party sites
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Checking your Details
If you wish to verify the details you have submitted to Florence Roby you may do so by contacting us via the e-mail address or address given below. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration. You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which we take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password. We would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information.
Contacting Us
Florence Roby Ltd (at the address below) is the data controller for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018. We are always pleased to hear from our customers (even if it is a complaint!). We are always grateful for any time you spend providing us with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied. We want you to return to the site and to recommend us to your colleagues, friends and family. If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like us to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact a customer service member of the Florence Roby team, who will be delighted to answer any questions you may have.
You can either contact customer care – froby@uniformcollection.com
Or, write to us at:
Florence Roby Limited, Overbrook House, Overbrook Lane, Knowsley Business Park, Prescot, Merseyside L34 9FB.