https://www.withouraloha.com/terms-and-conditions/
Our Hawaiian Flowers, Leis and Gifts – Terms and Conditions
Fragrant Hawaiian Leis – Please Read Before Ordering
We classify certain fragrant Hawaiian leis as ‘sensitive’ due to the nature of their flowers. These include leis made entirely or partially with:
Micronesian ginger
Plumeria
Tuberose
With Our Aloha makes every reasonable best effort to pack sensitive leis with extra care and packaging material to preserve them during shipping.
Sensitive leis are shipped by FedEx Priority which is overnight to inter-island, California and many west coast locations. Other areas are two business days.
Late arriving orders may be shipped UPS which is two days to states outside Hawaii and overnight inter-island.
With Our Aloha will guarantee the freshness of sensitive leis sent overnight if a signature is obtained at delivery.
If your order is being sent to an area with two day shipping only you are ordering at your own risk. Your sensitive lei is not guaranteed and will not be refunded if it arrives in poor condition. Condition problems typically present with browning on white flowers or softening of the bloom. In any case if your lei arrives in unsatisfactory condition please let us know. In some cases we may have recourse with the shipping company.
To verify shipping times please contact us with your destination zip code. You can also contact Federal Express directly. The origin zip code for sensitive leis is  96701.
Our lei makers take great pride in using the freshest available flowers. Our packers and shippers have worked with these remarkable Hawaiian flowers for years and use industry best practices to insure they arrive in good condition. However, on rare occasions a box with a sensitive lei may be exposed during shipping to temperatures that might damage the lei. For this reason With Our Aloha cannot guarantee sensitive leis that require two day or more ship times.
Advance Order Leis
Some leis may require a three to seven day advance order. This is in advance of the shipping date, not the arrival date.
This is due to the types of flowers needed and skill to create the lei. Advance order times are clearly indicated in the relevant product descriptions.
Orders with delivery dates not attainable due to late ordering may be cancelled or delayed.
General Terms and Conditions
Products shown on our website are available for shipping to all 50 US states with the following exceptions: maile – not sent to California; Song of India foliage – not sent to Arizona.
Some flowers may be sent in bud for a longer life.
Most standard dendrobium will be double spike unless limited by weather, in which case single spike plants may be sent.  This sometimes happens in the winter months.
Some flowers may not be available at the time you place your order.  This is due to seasonality or high demand.  In those cases we will substitute a comparable flower with an equal or higher cost unless your order selects our ‘No Substitutions’ option when placed.
Hawaiian flower assortments are not sent arranged.  Photos on the web site are examples of how the flowers might be arranged.  Full length stems are carefully packed for shipping and agriculture inspections.  Care instructions and arranging ideas are included with each order.
Payment
Your credit card is charged at the time your order is placed.
We have security features implemented to increase the safety of your credit card information.  This includes encryption of your information and a matching of some elements of your order with the information on file with your credit card issuer.  A mismatch can cause your order to be declined.
Orders that are declined by your credit card issuer may create a temporary transaction on your account.  This can be resolved by your bank, not us.
Pay Pal orders that are cancelled due to the buyer’s responsibility will be refunded net of fees for both the cancellation and the refund. This includes orders cancelled at the customer’s request or orders placed too late to fulfill. Pay Pal orders cancelled by With Our Aloha due to unavailability of the product will be refunded net of Pay Pal refund fees.
Our Authorize.Net system complies with PCI standards which we renew each year.  We do not see or store your credit card information.
Please do not send credit card information by email.
Cancellation
If your order is cancelled prior to settlement we will void the charge and it will not appear on your card.
We reserve the right to apply a $15 cancellation charge to any order.
In most cases if an order is cancelled prior to preparation we will waive any cancellation fees.
Once your order has been tendered to FedEx it cannot be cancelled for a refund.
Monthly Clubs – If a monthly club membership is cancelled prior to completion the remaining value will be calculated as the difference between the cost of the monthly membership and the individual values of each completed shipment at their full retail price, including shipping.  Monthly Club memberships can be transferred to a different address and recipient at any time prior to shipment.
Changes to Orders
Orders can be amended prior to shipment.  For items subject to shipping charges we suggest adding to your order by phone to avoid an extra shipping charge.
We do not keep credit card information so we cannot simply add a charge per your phone or email instructions.
Changes to a recipient address made after shipment will incur a $15 change fee.  This can be paid on line or by phone and must be complete before we authorize the carrier to complete the delivery.  Changes can result in a delay of one day or more in the delivery.
Shipping and Delivery
Our primary shipper is Federal Express.  All orders are subject to their current terms and conditions.
Some gift items are sent by US mail.  The cost includes a tracking number to help us follow your order.
UPS is our backup shipper and may be used for late arriving orders.  UPS orders are subject to UPS terms and conditions. UPS delivery is later than FedEx Priority and compares to FedEx Economy.
We strongly advise that FedEx obtain a signature upon delivery.  Orders left without signature are considered complete and are not insured.
Orders placed with the incorrect shipping address are subject to an address correction charge of $15.  This must be paid prior to release of the package to the new address.  Payment can be made on line or by phone.  We will notify you in the event of an incorrect address.  An incorrect address can delay delivery by a day or more.
If FedEx or UPS cannot locate or gain access to the address we will notify you.
Some gift items are available for free delivery to Waikiki hotels.  Please refer to the map on that page for included hotels.  Delivery is to the front desk or bell desk according to the property.  Any in house delivery charge is included with your order.  We will obtain a name, time and signature at the time of delivery and will email you a confirmation that the gift was delivered.
If the hotel property requires the guest to pick up the package at the front desk or bell desk they will notify the guest by phone.  Most hotels maintain records of notification phone calls.  If the guest fails to pick up the package prior to departure the order cannot be refunded.  We will pick up the gift and offer you the option of shipping it to another US location at your expense.
If the recipient refuses your order FedEx may return it to us at our expense.  In the case of flowers or leis we will typically have the package destroyed.  There is no refund if a package is refused.
Damage to Shipments
All flowers, leis and gifts are packed with care including material to maintain freshness during the expected ship time.  In rare cases orders may be damaged due to weather exposure or accidental mishandling.
We purchase additional insurance on all FedEx and UPS shipments which is included with your order.  Orders are only insured if a signature is obtained at delivery.  Notification of damage or other problem must be received within 24 hours of delivery.
If your order arrives damaged we will pursue a claim with the carrier.  Once we are reimbursed by the carrier we will refund your order in full unless we have already sent a replacement.
If your order contains the incorrect items or if items are missing from your order please let us know immediately upon receipt.  We will send the missing items at our expense if there is time or refund any difference in cost.  This is highly unusual as our order processing is computer driven.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
close
CartCategoriesGift Baskets
Hawaiian Flowers
Blooming Orchids
Blooming Orchids of the Month
Flowers by the Stem
Flowers of the Month
Hawaiian Tropical Flower Assortments
Protea Baskets - Arranged
Tropical Foliage
Hawaiian Gifts and Gift Baskets
Bath, Spa and Fragrances
Candy Lei Kits
Custom Hawaiian Gift Baskets
Gift Bag or Lauhala Basket
Essential Oils and Fragrances
Gift Baskets-Free Waikiki Delivery
Hawaiian Cookies and Candy
Hawaiian Gift Baskets
Hawaiian Gifts
Hawaiian Jewelry
Kona Coffee Gifts
Mini Gift Bags
Hawaiian Leis
Blue Leis
Graduation Leis
Green Leis
Hawaiian Flower Leis
Fragrant Leis
Head, Wrist and Ankle Leis
Lavender Leis
Leis Available During 2020 COVID Shutdown
Men's Leis
Orange Leis
Orchid Corsages & Boutonnieres
Orchid Leis
Premium Leis
Purple Leis
Red Leis
Specialty Leis
Vine and Leaf Leis
White Leis
Yellow Leis
Hawaiian Weddings
Fresh Wedding Leis
Hawaiian Wedding Favors
Honolulu Flower Delivery
Loose Orchid Blossoms
Most Popular
Products with Free Shipping
Specials
Uncategorized
Products
Red and Green Anthurium Mix
$39.90 – $59.90
Test Item - 1$
$1.00
Color Orchid Leis
$25.99 $19.99
Macadamia Shortbread Cookies
$14.95 $13.95
Ti Leaves for Hula Skirts
$29.90
First Name*
Last Name
Privacy by SafeUnsubscribe
Accept Credit Cards Online
Helpful links
Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
With Our Aloha
2020. All Rights Reserved.
Shopping cart
close
close
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Specials
Hawaiian Flowers
Blooming Orchids
Blooming Orchids of the Month
Flowers by the Stem
Flowers of the Month
Hawaiian Tropical Flower Assortments
Protea Baskets – Arranged
Tropical Foliage
Custom Gift Baskets – old
Loose Orchid Blossoms
Hawaiian Leis
Hawaiian Flower Leis
Head, Wrist and Ankle Leis
Orchid Corsages & Boutonnieres
Vine and Leaf Leis
Hawaiian Weddings
Fresh Wedding Leis
Hawaiian Wedding Favors
Products with Free Shipping
Hawaiian Gifts and Gift Baskets
Hawaiian Gift Baskets
Gift Baskets-Free Waikiki Delivery
Mini Gift Bags
Essential Oils and Fragrances
Bath, Spa and Fragrances
Hawaiian Cookies and Candy
Kona Coffee Gifts
Hawaiian Jewelry
Hawaiian Gifts
Candy Lei Kits
Home
Blog
Portfolio
Wishlist
Login / Register
Sign in
close
Username or email *
Password *
Log in
Lost your password?
Remember me
No account yet?
Create an Account
Sidebar
Scroll To Top