http://www.indystar.com/story/life/2016/10/07/memoir-helps-widow-cope-after-indycar-drivers-death/91338750/
Memoir helps widow cope after IndyCar driver's deathGwen Ragno, IndyStar correspondentView Comments Tonya Bergeson-Dana talks with her son, Conor, about his father when he brings it up, which is often. If he’s asking the questions, she reasons, he’s ready to hear the answers.Paul Conor Dana, at age 9, knows that his father was Paul Dana, a journalist and IndyCar driver who died in March 2006 during a practice run before the first IndyCar Series race of the season in Homestead, Fla. Conor never met his father, but he knows he has his dad’s eyes, his smirk, his persuasive spirit.Tonya found out she was pregnant with Conor the very morning of Paul’s death. In the opening chapter of her memoir, “Crash,” she describes her elation as she planned to surprise Paul with the news when he returned home to Indianapolis after the race — and then the crushing grief as she learned she would never get the opportunity.After Paul’s death, Tonya received many books about grief from well-meaning friends. They read like instruction manuals for grieving, outlining Kubler-Ross’ stages of grief and what to expect to feel after losing someone.Tonya said the self-help books felt too clinical and sanitized, not an accurate representation of what she was going through. Then a friend recommended Joan Didion’s memoir, “The Year of Magical Thinking,” and it opened a new world for Tonya in her search for comfort and understanding.“I started reading it, and it was like meeting somebody who knew what I was going through,” she said. “It was really comforting to feel that I wasn’t alone and somebody understood that.”She discovered more grief memoirs and began reading every one she could get her hands on.“There was this hunger. You have to keep reading them because these are your people now, members of your club,” she said.Still, she found that she wasn’t satisfied.“The stories … kind of went through a year after whatever event left them widowed, and then they ended. And they would often end with a marriage. That’s what saved them from despair,” she said. “It just wasn’t satisfying. I was more than a year out, and I needed more answers. And I hadn’t remarried. So what was there for me?”Tonya was experiencing her first pregnancy at the same time she was grieving the love of her life. Her mother came to live with her for a while after the baby was born, which was helpful but also a reminder that it wasn’t her husband raising her son alongside her.When Tonya returned to her job as a developmental psychology researcher at IU School of Medicine, she soon found herself exhausted physically and emotionally.Four years in, after realizing that there were no guidebooks or memoirs to help her through the pressures she was facing, Tonya decided to write one herself.“I had all this stuff inside of me, and I needed to get it outside of me,” she said. She began writing “Crash” and found in it a cathartic release.The book describes the years that followed Paul’s death, including the bittersweet birth of Conor, Tonya’s life as a working single mother and the raw moments of emotion that sometimes blindsided her years later.It also tells the story of Paul and Tonya’s relationship. They met at Northwestern University (she was studying psychology and music, he journalism). Later he attended racing school in Ontario, and she attended graduate school in Toronto. In 1998, they moved to Indianapolis. A groundbreaking ethanol sponsorship would earn Paul his place in the IndyCar series.Tonya said her husband cared deeply about alternative fuels ever since 9/11, and he believed that if IndyCar could make use of ethanol, regular consumers would see biofuel as a viable option for their own vehicles.So Paul persuaded three major ethanol producers to team up and sponsor his 2003 Infiniti Pro Series racing team, a sponsorship that followed him to Hemelgarn Racing in the 2005 IndyCar Series and to Rahal Letterman Racing in 2006. The Team Ethanol sponsorship led Indy Racing League to replace methanol with ethanol as the league’s fuel of choice in 2007 — a change that is still in place today.“He was a guy ahead of his time. He had this brilliant mind and this way of seeing things that nobody else could see,” Tonya said of Paul. “He had an amazing sense of motivation for things that he was inspired about. He was able to persuade other people to follow whatever it was he was dreaming about on that day.”Rachael Holt was a postdoctoral fellow with Tonya at IU School of Medicine in 2003 and now is a faculty member at Ohio State. She remembers Paul and Tonya as a very loving and silly, yet cerebral couple. They both were very bright, she said, and had deep conversations about things like politics. But they also had little inside jokes between them. Holt remembered one day when a group of friends were gathered at the Danas’ house as Paul was returning home from an out-of-state trip.“He walked in the house quietly, and he had flowers for Tonya. So he came up and gave them to her, and they had this little kiss,” Holt recalled. ”It was just a very loving, sweet moment between the two of them in this house full of people.”Richmond Hill explosion victim battles cancer: ‘It’s about being a survivor’As painful as it can be to relive those years, Tonya has another reason for writing the book. She also wants it to be for Conor a lasting account of who his father was and what he achieved.“I give him bits and pieces, and I ask his aunts and uncles and grandparents to talk about Paul … to give him stories, but it’s not the story,” she said. “He needs to know who his dad is, and this is one way to do that.”Tonya said that as Conor grows up, she can see Paul’s mechanical aptitude in him, passed on by some miracle of DNA. When he was younger, she said, Conor showed no interest in coloring. But one day at age 3, he picked up a pencil and sketched an airplane. That same year, while visiting a museum in Washington, D.C., he picked up Legos for the first time and built another remarkably convincing plane.“And it was beautiful. It looked like an airplane. It wasn’t something that I was looking at and interpreting as an airplane. It was objectively an airplane,” Tonya said. “I didn’t teach him that stuff because I can’t do that. So that was something that his dad passed on.”Beginning to write the memoir helped Tonya cope. But when Conor was around 4 years old, the pressures of her job and single motherhood came to a head.“At IU, the work we did was entirely dependent on grant money,” she said. “It was extremely high pressure because if you didn’t have the federal funding, you didn’t have the money to do the research. So it was constant work and a constant struggle to get the next grant.”She decided that the time she was committing to her work and the emotional toll it was taking on her was preventing her from being the mother her son deserved. She needed to make a change.Tonya and her colleague, Jessica Beer, began talking about opening a play cafe as a way to bring their research outside the lab to the families who needed it.Beer’s work focused on the effect of play on cognitive development in preschoolers, and Tonya studied language development and music perception in infants with hearing impairments.“We did a lot of research ourselves and saw a lot of research being shared among academics and then being distributed to the basements of libraries,” Tonya said. “There’s a lot of research on things like play and language development and cognitive development that would really benefit parents and kids, so one of the things we really wanted to do was get the research to the families. But we wanted to do it in a really comfortable and casual way that wouldn’t be intimidating or stuffy.”In 2014, they both left their jobs at IU and opened The Urban Chalkboard play cafe at 452 E. Carmel Drive in Carmel.“The Urban Chalkboard was a way to take a step away from that (high-pressure job) and do something really positive for myself and positive for Conor and, I hope, positive for the community,” Tonya said.Holt said she was surprised to hear that Tonya walked away from her hard-won tenure at IU, but not at the way she and Beer went about building their business.“The way she did it was very logical and calculated. And it was planned. And it was very carefully done with a whole lot of thought,” Holt said. “They did it the way only a scientist would do it.”The Urban Chalkboard is a bright, cheerfully chaotic space with a counter at the front serving local coffee, pastries and sandwiches, a few small tables and a waist-high wall leading to the play area where toddlers and babies frolic under the watchful eyes of a cluster of parents.The research comes to life in the form of 12-week classes for both children and parents in the Paul Dana Learning Studio, as well as interactive story times, sensory play sessions and musical guests. Even the open play area serves as a platform for “play coaches” to show parents new ways to play with their kids that help facilitate their development.Tonya and Beer recognized a need for a space like this in the Indianapolis parenting community based on their own experiences — Tonya as a single working mother craving both quality time and relaxation, and Beer as a married mom who stayed at home with her two kids while working on her dissertation.Beer moved to Indianapolis from New York in 2002 after her first child was born. She started working at IU in 2007, shortly after Tonya returned from maternity leave. Beer said that they clicked immediately, but it was three weeks before she learned that Tonya was grieving.“It’s heartbreaking to meet someone and have a connection with them only to hear they’re suffering,” she said. “Despite what she was dealing with, she was still so kind and open with me.”They grew to be close friends over years of working together, and Beer watched Conor grow up and Tonya heal.“She handles it so well, but being married I know how hard it would be to not have that support. She takes every day with a smile and pushes herself to always keep growing,” Beer said. “She started a business with me, which is not something you do if you’re scared. I really admire her strength.”Now that The Urban Chalkboard is humming along, Tonya is back to teaching at the college level, as well. She joined the faculty of Butler University this year and is teaching in the Department of Communication Sciences and Disorders. It is a different environment, she said, where she can enjoy the academic camaraderie of other faculty and students and still gets to do some research.She has still not remarried, and though she is open to it in the future, for now she is comfortable taking charge of her own path to healing and happiness.The memoirTonya Bergeson-Dana is in the process of editing “Crash” to prepare for finding an agent and publisher. You can read an excerpt at youshareproject.com/crash and follow the book’s Facebook page — Crash: A Memoir — for updates on its progress. View Comments