http://www.buc.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=privacy
BUC International Corp.
Online Privacy StatementBUC International Corp respects your privacy and security. We want to make use of the individual identifying information that you provide to us, such as your email address, name, title and address to provide you with the best possible online experience. BUC International Corp uses your individual identifying information in order to personalize your experience on our website and also to be able to selectively send you communications that may be of interest to you, either electronically or otherwise.The following is BUC International Corp's policy regarding use of your individual identifying information supplied to us or collected via your experience at our online website:1. Notice and DisclosureThis Online Privacy Statement is intended to make you aware of how BUC International Corp collects and uses individual identifying information of visitors to BUC International Corp's website.BUC International Corp collects the following information regarding visitors to our website: domain name, name, information regarding what pages are accessed, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, email address, or site registrations, and your preferred means of communication.BUC International Corp does make individual identifying information available to third parties, including business partners, for marketing purposes. BUC International Corp also uses such information to contact people for marketing purposes.2. Choice/ConsentNew registrants to this web site have the choice to opt out of having individual identifying information provided in the registration process used for any purpose unrelated to the purpose for which the information was provided to us. We are working on ways to enable you to communicate to us that your individual identifying information should not be used for additional purposes.When you sign up for an email list, you will be given instructions at that time on how to remove yourself from that list.3. Data SecurityBUC International Corp is committed to taking all reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide to us.4. Data Quality and AccessThe accuracy of your individual identifying information is important to BUC International Corp. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that BUC International Corp maintains about you.5. Use of CookiesCookies are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Some parts of this web site use cookies to track user traffic patterns. We do this in order to determine the usefulness of this web site information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information. BUC International Corp systems do not correlate this information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party.If you prefer not to receive cookies on this web site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you have any concerns about our privacy practices, contact us at feedback@BUC.com