http://www.eternabond.com/articles.asp?id=207#policy
My Account |
Customer Service |
View Cart
Solutions For:
Commercial Roofers
RV Repairs
Online Resource Center
Bulletins & Data Sheets
Installation Instructions
Online Video Library
Article Library
Solution Centers
Store Finder
EternaBond® Distributors
Social Media Hub
Made In The USA.
Policies
WARRANTY INFORMATION
Roofing Limited Warranty
RV Limited Warranty
Order Processing Procedures
Visa, MasterCard and American Express are accepted.
Unless notified otherwise, orders received Sunday through Thursday are processed and shipped within 24 hours. Orders received Friday and Saturday are typically shipped on the following Monday.
Customers will receive email confirmations of all orders within 48 hours.
The cost for shipping is added to all orders. We provide several options for shipping and costs vary based on the total weight of the items in your order and the method selected. If you have special shipping needs, please contact us so appropriate arrangements can be made.
Orders shipped to an address in Illinois will be assessed Illinois Sales Tax.
We verify addresses with credit card companies when processing orders. If your order is being shipped to an address different than your billing address, please contact your credit card company to reflect the shipping address as an alternate address for your account.
Return Policy
Satisfaction Guaranteed!!
To return a product, please contact us in advance regarding the nature and reason for the return.
Return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer. The initial shipping charges will not be refunded.
Privacy Statement
EternaBond® is committed to protecting your privacy and have created this statement to outline our approach in this regard. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site. If you have any concerns, comments or complaints, please let us know.
Information We Collect... We collect general information as you browse our site to help us diagnose problems with our server, administer our web site, and analyze broad demographic information about our visitors. The following information is obtained:
IP Address - We use IP addresses to measure site traffic and help provide relevant shopping experiences. Your IP address is not linked to your customer information.
Referral Site - If you come to our site via a link, the location of the referral is captured. This is to help us know where our customers come from.
Browser Type - This information is captured to help us optimize our site to match the latest technology used by our customers.
Movements through our site - We keep track of the pages you visit to help us provide a more personalized and relevant shopping experience
In addition, our site uses an order form for customers to request products. This order form allows us to obtain contact information (email, address, & phone number) and payment information (credit card number). This information is used to confirm your order and respond to any questions you may have. Where required, we also share this information with certain intermediaries (UPS, USPS) strictly to process and ship your order. EternaBond® does not sell, rent or loan information regarding its customers to any third party.
Lastly, to improve our services to you we may from time to time request some of our customers to complete a voluntary survey. Survey answers are confidential. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
Correspondence From Us... To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to our website.
We provide our customers with the ability to be removed from our mailing list and to cease receiving all communications from us. To do so, please contact us and request to be removed from our mailing list.
Contacting Us... If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with EternaBond®, you can contact us at:
EternaBond®
175 N. Archer Ave.
Mundelein, IL 60060
1-888-336-BOND (2663)
Security Statement
EternaBond® takes credit card security information seriously. We have implemented a variety of technical and procedural controls to ensure transactions on our site are private and protected.
Secure Socket Layers... To ensure information you provide online is secure during transmission, EternaBond® employs Secure Socket Layers (SSL) encryption technology while processing personal information supplied by you.
To be sure you have the maximum protection available, we strongly advise that you download the latest version of your browser.
Copyright ©
EternaBond®. All Rights Reserved.
Product Index
Privacy Policy |
FAQ |
Testimonials |
Contact Us |
Policies
Built with Volusion