https://www.wickersgiftbaskets.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Wickers Gift Baskets | United Kingdom
"JUST BECAUSE IT'S" HAMPERSWonderful gift baskets injected with a seasonal spark. Sometimes there doesn’t have to be an actual occasion to treat that special someone. You can treat that person in Winter, Spring, Summer or Autumn because we all want to put a smile onto someone’s face. With our ‘just because’ range there is plenty to choose from and they make the ideal gift. Marvellous tailor-made hampers for friends, family and loved ones."JUST BECAUSE IT'S" HAMPERSWonderful gift baskets injected with a seasonal spark. Sometimes there doesn’t have to be an actual occasion to treat that special someone. You can treat that person in Winter, Spring, Summer or Autumn because we all want to put a smile onto someone’s face. With our ‘just because’ range there is plenty to choose from and they make the ideal gift. Marvellous tailor-made hampers for friends, family and loved ones.LUXURY HAMPERS
FOR EVERY OCCASIONFREE DELIVERY AVAILABLE ON
ALL ORDERS OVER £100FREE
PERSONALISED MESSAGEBy OccasionBy ContentBy PriceCorporate HampersSALEAboutContact UsMore
Hamper Hotline 01425 655555Privacy PolicyWickers Gift Baskets will only use any information we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We collect information the following purposes:
To obtain full and correct collection/delivery details
To process your order
To send you details of current promotions and offers. You may opt out of our marketing database at any time, we will however still email/notify you of any information or documentation regarding orders you have made.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
Your name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Credit Card details (for payment processing purposes only)
Any information held will be kept up to date and accurate. You are free to check the information we hold about you by email us (We will contact you before supplying any information for verification purposes). If you notify us of any inaccuracies we will amend or delete as requested by you.
Any information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
We may use web tools to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This includes using “cookies” which are stored in your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent  this, however doing so may prevent bookings from being placed with us.
Info>>
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Information
ReturnsSubscirbeThanks for submitting!©2018 by Wickers Gift BasketsWickers Gift Baskets
19 - 20 Sandleheath Ind. Estate,
Fordingbridge,
SP6 1PA,
Hampshire,
United Kingdom
01425 655555
AWRS (URN): XVAW000001149270