http://www.cell-phones1.com/w3c/policy.html
Cell-Phones1.Com Privacy Policy
Cell-Phones1.Com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers the site http://www.cell-phones1.com.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users’ privacy, we disclose the following information.
1. What personally identifiable information Cell-Phones1.Com collects.
2. What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.
3. What organization collects the information.
4. How Cell-Phones1.Com uses the information.
5. With whom Cell-Phones1.Com may share user information.
6. What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
7. What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Cell-Phones1.Com control.
8. How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection and Use
Cell-Phones1.Com is the sole owner of the infomation collected on our web site. Cell-Phones1.Com collects information at several different points on our Web site.Customer information is collected for the purpose of making purchases on this web site.
Purchasers billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number and credit card information to make a retail transaction with the customer.
A user must provide the clickstream information (internet protocol address, internet service provider, platform type, date/time stamp, operating system), http protocol information (last uri requested and browser type), interaction information (browser interaction such as when the mouse moves over an image), purchase information (purchase payment method and other purchase information), purchase information (purchase payment method and other purchase information), search terms (search text), transaction information (account transactions), user's name, user's home contact information, user's business contact information, business/organization name and contact information for the business/organization. It is optional for the user to provide User's Name and User's Home Contact Information. We encourage users to provide optional information so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site. The reason we use this information is to complete the current transaction, enhance our site and product offerings and maintain and secure our site. We retain this information for an indeterminate period of time.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates.
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. You can set your browser to notify you to either accept or deny the cookie according to the following information.in IE6, see Microsoft's Internet Explorer Web Privacy page.
in Netscape 6, see Netscape 6 - Safety with More Control.
in Opera 5 or 6, see Opera Preferences: Privacy.
Our website uses cookies to enhance our site.Profiles
Cell-Phones1.Com does not create a user profile.
Communications from the Site
Customer Service
If there is a problem with a user's website, we contact them to resolve the problem.
Sharing Information
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is not shared with any third parties.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
Aggregate information is not shared with any third parties.
Data Security
Cell-Phones1.Com has physical security in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information. Our company uses secure encryption technology (secure socket connection) for all sensitive financial or health data transmitted on our site.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address) they can change contact information. If a user wishes to correct/update information or no longer desires our service, they can notify us of what they desire by contacting us using any of the information in the Contact section of this policy.
Links and Advertisements
Our website contains links to other sites. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. We, Cell-Phones1.Com, are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
The information you submit to us is controlled by the privacy policy in effect at the time you submit it. If we significantly change our policy, we will post a notice in a conspicuous place on our website notifying visitors of policy changes.
Contact Information
Using the following information, you can contact us if you have questions about our privacy policy.
Cell-Phones1.Com
13801 Coveney Rd
Buchanan, MI 49107
USA
E-mail: sales@cell-phones1.com
Phone: 269-695-5299
Resolving Privacy Policy Disputes
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, it can be resolved in the following manner.
Cell-Phones1.Com Customer Service
Created by P3Pwriter Policy Editor
Return to Cell-Phones1.Com