http://www.funspot.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
park featuresTrampolinesMain Court Basketball Xtreme Dodgeball The Wipeout Angled Wall Performance Wall
Ninja CoursesWarped Wall
ClimbingRubik’s Cube Face Off Cargo Net Clip ‘n Climb
Airbag And FoamBattle Beam Trapeze
Zip Line Ropes Course Junior Bounce N PlayKid’s Court PlayGround
Rugged Interactive Valo Motion
about fun spotabout us the fun spot difference fun spot eu
sumba trampoline socks partners podcasts connect (706) 376-8989
FUN SPOT
PRIVACY POLICY
WE PLACE A HIGH VALUE ON OUR CLIENTS PRIVACY
At Fun Spot, we value our clients and we site visitors alike and as such, we pledge to be good stewards of your data. We welcome any and all inquires about our established privacy policy and we will never sell or otherwise pass on data collected on our site(s).
ABOUT
FUN SPOT
WE SUCCEED WHEN OUR CUSTOMERS SUCCEED
Our customers’ success is what drives us to serve, to innovate, and to build great products that safely support fun, healthy development of kids, families and athletes. In short, our customers are the heartbeat of Fun Spot.
FUN SPOT PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE
We are Fun Spot and we make superior trampoline park equipment. Our mission is to build great products that safely support fun, healthy development of kids, families and athletes. Our customers are the heartbeat of our business. Our website address is: www.funspot.com
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
COMMENTS
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
MEDIA
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
CONTACT FORMS
COOKIES
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
ANALYTICS
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
Fun Spot Trampoline Park does not share data collected on site for any other purpose than our own direct responses to inquiries to clients or other marketing communications with clients. We will not “sell” or otherwise provide data to any outside source for any reason.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR DATA
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Whether you’re doing early research, just curious about Fun Spot and the work we do, or ready to design and build your park, contact us to start the conversation. We’d love to hear from you.
LET'S GET STARTED
Go to Top