http://www.worldjewels.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Engagement Rings
Sidestone
Solitaire
Halo
Three-Stone
Gemstone
Wedding Rings
Diamond Bands
Eternity Band
Classic Bands
Gold Bands
Gemstone Bands
His & Hers
Semi-Mount
Men's Ring
Diamond Rings
Classic Rings
Jewelry
Stud Earrings
Gold Earrings
Bracelets
Necklaces
Gemstone
Sapphire
Peridot
Ruby
Emerald
Aquamarine
Opal
Amethyst
Citrine
Tanzanite
Topaz
Morganite
Garnet
Financing
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
Instagram
Facebook
This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Site. Last updated: December 4, 2019
By accessing and using this Site, you hereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
WorldJewels.com is committed to the protection of the privacy of its web site visitors. Please note that we do not share, sell, or trade or provide statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties for their promotional purposes.
Personal Information
We collect email address, name, mailing address & Phone number for the purpose to process customers order. We may contact you via mail, e-mail or phone to inform you of new products, services or promotions we may offer. If you place an order for a product, request a service or submit content to this site, we may need to contact you for additional information required to process or fulfill your order and/or request. However, unless compelled by applicable legislation, we will not provide this information to a third party, except as necessary to process your order.
You can opt-out by sending us an email to info@worldjewels.com
In addition to the personal information that you may provide us, this Site may use technology that lets us collect certain technical information like your Internet protocol address, your computer's operating system, your browser type, traffic patterns and the address of any referring Web sites.
We post customer testimonials on our web site, which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial
Tell-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. WorldJewels.com does store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [and tracking the success of our referral program].
Your friend may contact us at info@worldjewels.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Security
Please note that while there are always risks associated with providing personal data, whether in person, by phone or over the Internet, and no system of technology is completely safe, "tamper" or "hacker- proof", WorldJewels.com has endeavoured to take appropriate measures to prevent and minimize risks of unauthorized access to, improper use and the inaccuracy of your personal information. We use VerSign SSL Encryption with the strongest available SSL Encryption. We use authorize.net to check and authorize credit card and we ship using FedEx.
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
To learn more about SSL, follow this link https://seal.verisign.com/splash?form_file=fdf/splash.fdf&dn=WWW.WORLDJEWELS.COM&lang=en
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at info@worldjewels.com
Accuracy of collected data
Worldjewels.com will on its own initiative, or at your request, replenish, rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data retained by Worldjewels.com in connection with the operation of this Site. To Correct or update your personal information please login to your account or send us an email at info@worldjewels.com
Minors
No information may be submitted to Worldjewels.com by persons under the age of 18, nor may persons under the age of 18 make purchases or other legal acts on this Site without such consent, unless permitted by applicable legislation.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use session ID cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Worldjewels.com
550 South Hill St #541
Los Angeles CA 90013
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"