http://www.softmoc.com/us/customerservice.aspx?osc=footer+privacy#privacy-statement
#Desc#
Choose Your Store
(Remove)
FREE SHIPPING* FREE RETURNS* FREE IN-STORE PICKUP
Help
Customer Care
Order Tracking
Shoe Size Guide
FAQs
Locations
Select your language
English
Français
USA
• Any order may be returned within 75 days from the date of purchase, via mail or to a SoftMoc Retail location for a full refund and within 90 days for exchange or store credit.
• The item must be unworn, in the original shoe box (enclosed in a protective shipping box) and include a copy of your invoice.
• Please write the Return ID Number on the outside of the shipping box (not the actual shoe box).
• If returning to a SoftMoc retail location, the item must be unworn, in the original shoebox and you must have with you the original invoice included in the shipment and the original credit card used for the purchase.
Note: A Return ID Number is not required for an in-store purchase or when returning your online order to a SoftMoc retail location.
• If these return specifications are not met, we may not be able to properly process your return. As well, we are not responsible for the loss or damage of return shipments, so we suggest that you package your return shipment protectively and send by registered mail or courier.
Home
Customer Care
Choose Your Store
(Remove)
Customer Care
Hours :
Monday - Friday:9AM - 7PM EST
Saturday - Sunday:9AM - 6PM EST
Phone:
1-888-763-8662
E-Mail:
shoes@softmoc.com
Mailing Address:
SoftMoc Inc.
159 North Garden, Unit N159
Bloomington, Minneapolis 55425
Chat With Us
Live Chat
Facebook Messenger
WhatsApp
Messages
Place An Order
Shipping Information
Returns And Exchanges
Privacy Statement
Security Statement
Contact Info
Check My Order Status
Rate Your Experience
Return/Exchange Item
Other Resources
FAQs
Shoe Size Guide
Place An Order
To place an order on our website, please follow the instructions provided below, or you can contact our customer
care number to place an order over the phone with one of our representatives.
Add To Cart
Once you have chosen the product(s) you wish to purchase, choose the size and quantity options provided on the
right hand side of the page and then select "Add to Cart".
If purchasing more than one item, once you have added the first item, choose the option "Keep Shopping" down below
the items already chosen. You can continue with this procedure of adding items to the cart until you
have chosen all items you wish to purchase.
Entering A Discount
If you have received any type of special discount or promotional code that is currently valid with SoftMoc, this
will need to be entered on the "Your Shopping Cart" page once all of your items have been chosen. There
is a box near the bottom right hand side that says Add Discount Code which states "Enter Email Address" & "Enter
Discount Code".
Here you would enter both a valid Club SoftMoc registered email address and the valid discount code and select
"Submit". You should then see "Coupon Accepted" in green and the discounted savings will be reflected under
"Order Summary" on the right hand side of the page.
Proceed To Checkout
Once all items have been confirmed in your shopping cart, choose the option "Proceed to Checkout". The following
page will now provide you with three options: "Login into SoftMoc Rewards", "Register for SoftMoc Rewards" and
"Continue
as Guest". Select the option you wish and then choose "Continue".
Completing Your Order
You will now be prompted to enter your billing and shipping information and will provide you with the option to ship
to a SoftMoc store for pick up under "Shipping Selection" at bottom of page and then choose "Continue".
If you are logged in under a previously created "SoftMoc Rewards", your billing information will automatically be
entered for you and you would then need to select your shipping information accordingly.
You will then reach the final page where all of your purchase information is listed on top of the page and where
your payment method can then be entered (either credit card, Interac, Paypal, Sezzle or SoftMoc gift card is
accepted). You will also find your shipping method options and costs located on the left hand side of the page.
For Pick Up in Store Orders
This option is located under "Shipping Selection". You will first be prompted to choose the location you wish to pick the item up at and then will proceed to this
final payment page.
Once your payment information has been entered, choose the button "Place your Order" and you should then see a
final screen with your confirmation number and details of the order.
For any further inquiries or assistance when placing an order, please feel free to contact our online department
through one of our three response services.
Live Monitoring of your Order(s) can be made easier by signing up for the "SoftMoc Rewards" system free today!
Shipping Information
HOLIDAY SHIPPING GUARANTEE
Standard Shipping: We guarantee that you will receive your item by December 24th if you place your order by December 17th. If your item is not received in time, we will provide you with a 25% discount via a SoftMoc Gift Card. Offer valid online. Valid until February 28, 2021. Does not apply to "Sold-Out" Items. Not valid in the Canadian Territories or rural areas.
Express Shipping: We guarantee that you will receive your item by December 24th if you place your order by December 18th. If your item is not received in time, we will provide you with a 25% discount via a SoftMoc Gift Card. Offer valid online. Valid until February 28, 2021. Does not apply to "Sold-Out" Items. Not valid in the Canadian Territories or rural areas.
Free Shipping
SoftMoc is pleased to offer FREE SHIPPING on all eligible orders. Most items ship to most destinations for free! Once you provide your shipping address during the checkout process, SoftMoc will display any shipping charges on the final checkout page. Shipping charges are based on a per-item basis.
Most orders are processed within 24 - 48 hours and will arrive within 1-4 business days!
In-store Pick-up
Shop online and pick up at any SoftMoc location! Simply place an order on SoftMoc.com as normal and select "In-Store Pickup" for FREE delivery to any SoftMoc Location of your choice.
*Most orders are available for pickup within 48-72 hours once shipped to the store. Some items may take longer if they are shipping to or from remote SoftMoc locations.
*Due to courier hours of operations, all weekends and holidays are not included in estimated shipping times.
Free Returns
Any online order placed on SoftMoc.com which qualifies for FREE SHIPPING will also qualify for FREE RETURN SHIPPING. Qualifying orders will receive a prepaid return postage label.
To initiate a return, simply visit our Order Tracking page and follow the steps on the "Return Order" tab. Alternatively, you may contact our SoftMoc Customer Care team and we will gladly assist you.
Shoe Care & Accessories
Shoe Care & Accessories ship for free when bought with any footwear item that is eligible for Free Shipping.
Returns & Exchanges
Returns & Exchanges Conditions
Any online order may be returned within 75 days from the date of purchase to a SoftMoc retail location or via mail to our return center. You may also complete an exchange or receive a store credit within 90 days from the date of purchase.
Return Eligibility - The item must be unworn, in the original shoebox (if returning via mail - it must also be enclosed in a protective shipping box) and include a copy of your original invoice.
To Return Via Mail:
Enter your Order Number & Billing Last Name below. Next, select the Return Order tab and request a Return ID Number. You will receive an email with all necessary return information and if eligible, you will receive a Free Return Label. If you are not eligible for a Free Return Label, please use the "Return Address for Canadian Customers" below to complete your courier label.
Please write the Return ID Number on the outside of the shipping box (not the actual shoe box).
Return Address for USA Customers:
SoftMoc Returns
60 Industrial Parkway
Cheektowaga, New York
14227
Returns For Items Picked Up In Store
Any In-store Pick-Up order can be returned to any one of our retail locations (except for our Outlet Stores) within 75 days from the date the order is placed. You may also complete an exchange or receive a store credit within 90 days from the date of purchase.
Return Eligibility - The item must be unworn, in the original shoebox and include a copy of your original invoice.
Free Size Exchanges
If you love your item but the size isn't quite right, we can accommodate your return and repurchase!
You can visit us in-store for an instant exchange or begin the process online
For an online exchange, simply place a new order on www.softmoc.com with the correct item. Next, begin the return of your original item via mail (see Return Via Mail steps above). If you do not receive a Free Return Label, contact our Customer Care team at shoes@softmoc.com or 1-888-763-8662 to have it issued!
If the price of the item has changed since your original purchase, contact Customer Care before placing your new order so we can match the price.
Once we receive your original order and it meets return eligibility, we will issue you a complete refund!
Free Returns
Any online order placed on SoftMoc.com which qualifies for Free Shipping will also qualify for Free Returns. Qualifying orders will receive a prepaid return postage label.
Shipping costs are non-refundable.
Refund Policy
Refunds will be applied to the payment method on which you made the online purchase. Refunds are processed to include the amount you paid for the item(s) along with any sales tax that was charged at the time of purchase. Please allow an estimated 3-10 business days for these changes to appear on your card statement.
*Due to courier hours of operations, all weekends and holidays are not included in estimated shipping times.
*If a Frequent Buyer credit was used on the initial order, the credit will not return to your account until the original order has been refunded. Should you wish to re-use this credit, please wait until your original item is returned to place your new order.
Online Only Price Adjustments
SoftMoc will offer a one-time price adjustment if an item is marked down within 30 days of original purchase date, providing the items previously purchased are still available online in the specific colour and sizes purchased.
Price adjustment requests made after 30 days will not be processed.
*NOTE: Certain restrictions apply. We will not price adjust SoftMoc time-restricted promotions. Winter clearance, door crashers, Boxing Week, Black Friday, Cyber Monday and other special promotions*.
1 Year Reasonable Wear Guarantee
SoftMoc offers a 1 Year Reasonable Wear Guarantee on all products we carry. Our Guarantee refers to manufacturing defects in workmanship and materials and does not include general wear and tear, unintentional damage or the natural breakdown of colors and materials over extended time and use.
If you are concerned you are experiencing a manufacturing defect, SoftMoc welcomes you to bring your product, along with valid proof of purchase to your nearest SoftMoc Retail location for inspection from our highly trained staff members.
If SoftMoc confirms a defect within the original refund period, we will gladly provide a full refund or a product replacement. If SoftMoc confirms a defect outside of the initial refund period but within the one year warranty, we will provide store credit in the form of a gift card or a product replacement pending available inventory.
Should you require any further information or assistance, please contact our customer care team.
Privacy Statement
SoftMoc Inc. & SoftMoc.com are constantly striving to provide excellent service to you, our customers, while
building a long-lasting relationship. To achieve these goals, we occasionally need information about you
when you visit our site.
SoftMoc Inc. & SoftMoc.com respects your right to privacy. When you visit SoftMoc.com, you may be providing
information to us on two different levels about your visit:
Anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site
Personal information you knowingly give us.
We want you to be aware of how we handle this information.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
SoftMoc Inc. & SoftMoc.com would like to assure you that we do not:
Collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
Provide or sell the names and addresses of our customers [site users] to outside vendors.
SoftMoc Inc. & SoftMoc.com does:
Safeguard customers' information from unauthorized access.
Collect, maintain and use customer information as necessary to provide the most helpful and targeted products
and services to meet customers' needs (e.g. customer care or new products or services).
Honor customers' requests to remove their names from our e-mail solicitation lists.
Maintain confidentiality of customer information when undertaking projects with other companies.
SoftMoc Inc. & SoftMoc.com values your privacy, and we reinforce this belief throughout our organization. Your
information will be protected as described unless the specific web page says otherwise.
Statistics about your visit
As you browse the site, SoftMoc.com web servers and select 3rd party analytics providers collect information about
your visit, not about you personally. Via web server logs, we monitor statistics such as:
How many people visit our site
Which pages people visit on our site
From which domains our visitors come (e.g., "Google.com" or "Yahoo.com")
Which browsers people use to visit our site
While we gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual. We use these statistics to
improve our Web site, to monitor its performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to use.
Ad networks, including Google, may show you ads on sites on the internet based on your browser cookies and your
visit history on our website. These ads are based on your anonymous browsing patterns & interests,
not your personally identifiable information. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
Sharing of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks.
Your personal information you submit is never shared with any third parties unless it is necessary to complete your request.
Security Statement
SoftMoc's checkout portion of its web site is on a SECURE SSL SERVER to ensure the security of your internet
transactions. That means all information that you send through the Internet is ENCRYPTED and cannot be read
by a outside third party. If you choose to pay by credit card we require you to enter your credit card number each
time you place a order, since we don't store your number on our site. Your credit card information
is only used to process your order. We believe this provides you with the most secure shopping environment.
SSL is a security protocol developed by Netscape Communications to compensate for the lack of data protection on the Internet.
It will allow you to send and receive encrypted information to and from SoftMoc. This means that any information
sent to SoftMoc will be completely encrypted. While information may travel across 20 networks, nobody will be able to decrypt data that is being sent or received.
As long as the web browser you're using supports SSL, such as Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer and AOL browsers, you can rest assured that your information will be submitted to our server with a high
level of security.
Your browser identifies secure documents in several ways:
In the location field, if the URL begins with https, rather than http, the documents comes from a secure server.
If the door key icon located in the bottom left corner of the screen displays on a blue background, your
transactions will be secure.
The color bar across the top of the content area will similarly display as blue (for secure) and gray (for
insecure).
Users will always be warned if a secure URL has been re-directed to an insecure location.
What will my information be used for?
All transactions that you initiate with SoftMoc on this web site are confidential. Your name will not be added to any mailing list and will NEVER be transferred to a third party.
WE PROMISE.
Contact Information
Corporate Mailing Address:
SoftMoc Inc.
159 North Garden, Unit N159,
Bloomington, Minneapolis 55425 USA
Telephone:
1-888-SOFTMOC (763-8662)
Customer Service:
shoes@softmoc.com
Technical Support:
support@softmoc.com
Check My Order Status
Rate Your Experience
Return/Exchange Item
Other Resources
FAQs
Shoe Size Guide
Please tell us about your retail store visit.
Enter the 16 digit code on your receipt to begin:
Please enter your ticket number and the last name on your billing address.
Order Number
Billing Last Name
Please enter your ticket number and the last name on your billing address.
Order Number
Billing Last Name
Chat
Chat With Us
Live Chat
WhatsApp
Facebook Messenger
Messages