https://www.booklender.com/privacy_home.shtml
Close
Sign In
Browse
Paperback Books
CD Audiobooks
Prices & Plans
How It Works
Testimonials
Sign Up
Sign In |
Help |
Gift Center
Browse Selection
Paperback Books
CD Audiobooks
Prices & Plans
How It Works
Testimonials
Sign Up
20% Off Gift Memberships, Promo Code: GIFTX2 Buy Now
20% Off Gift Memberships, Promo Code: GIFTX2
Buy Now
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us and we are committed to protecting the information you provided us.
Your trust in us is vital to our relationship and the success of our business.
Information Requests
BookLender.com must collect some information from you in order for the membership process to work.
This information includes:
Name
Address
Shipping address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Credit card account number (we do not store credit card information)
Other Information (optional)
Other information may be requested in a survey form that includes personal preferences in reading or products, gender, age, etc. and this information is strictly optional.
Incentives may be provided to provide such information.
Our site contains links to other sites for your convenience.
BookLender.com is not responsible for the privacy policy or the content of these web sites.
Customer Protection
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server.
The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.
Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Use of Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.
Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
Disclosure of information to outside parties
BookLender.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
BookLender.com may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of BookLender.com, our users, or others.
Access to member Information
Members always have access to their accounts through the BookLender.com website.
The "Account" link on our homepage allows members to access their individual accounts to review their Order History, Billing History, Account Details, etc..
A member may modify his or her personal information and address at any time.
We keep this area of our store secure and provide access only with the use of a member-specific password.
If we make changes to our privacy policy, we will post updates on our website.
Title