https://www.overlander.co.uk/help-centre/
support@overlander.co.uk
Free UK delivery on orders over £120
01524 793328
Free UK delivery on orders over £120
Home
Help Centre
Delivery
Product & Stock
Orders
Payments
Returns
Account Settings
How much does delivery cost?
Delivery charges depend on the items ordered.
Orders containing Lithium:
£5 Courier Shipping
Orders exceeding £75:
£5 Courier Shipping
Orders exceeding £120:
Free Courier Shipping
Other (NiMH/Chargers/etc.):
£3 Royal Mail First Class
Please note, postage costs outside of mainland UK will vary.
When will my order arrive?
Dispatch time depends on the items ordered and the time it's received. If any items need manufacturing, this may cause a slight delay, however we aim to dispatch all orders within 1-2 working days.
Please go to the order section on your account dashboard. If your order has been dispatched, the status will say 'Complete'. You will also receive a confirmation email once your order has been sent.
All items are either sent via courier on a next day delivery service (mainland UK only) or via Royal Mail First Class.
Is international shipping available?
International shipping is available to selected countries. You can find the countries we are able to ship to here. Sometimes shipping lithium abroad can be difficult, so we apologise if your country is not listed.
What should I do if my order hasn't been delivered yet?
Please go to the order section on your account dashboard. If your order has been dispatched, the status will say 'Complete'. You will also receive a confirmation email once your order has been sent.
If your order was sent via a courier, you will also be able to find your tracking information here.
Please contact us if you need further assistance.
How do you ship your Lithium batteries?
Due to the UK transport legislation, the Royal Mail can no longer carry Lithium batteries through the standard post. Overlander have undergone stringent training and are now qualified to ship Lithium batteries with our specialist couriers DPD and TNT. We use their next day delivery service (mainland UK only).
Can I track my delivery?
All orders dispatched via a courier (orders over £75 and orders containing lithium) can be tracked. All tracking information can be found under the order section on your account dashboard.
What happens if I’m not in when my order arrives?
Orders over £75 usually require a signature upon delivery. If you are not in when your order is due to arrive, the courier will attempt delivery on the next working day.
If for any reason you know you won't be in to accept the parcel, please contact the courier directly and use your tracking number to rearrange delivery.
Any items undelivered after three attempts will be returned to Overlander.
Can I choose a specific time or day for my delivery?
Orders shipped via courier are dispatched on a next day delivery service. If you want to request a specific delivery date, please contact us as soon as you place your order so that we can hold it until the day before your desired delivery date.
Unfortunately we are unable to specify an exact delivery time, however once your order has been dispatched you will be provided with a tracking number. This can be found under the order section on your account dashboard.
Can I collect my order?
You can! Please contact us to make a collection request. If we have your item in stock you will be given a time when your order will be ready for you.
Please note that our collection point is closed between 12:00-13:30.
What courier do you use to send orders?
All our orders are shipped with either DPD, TNT or Royal Mail.
Can you tell me when an item is back in stock?
If want an item that is currently out-of-stock, please add your email to the "Notify Me" field on the product page. Once the product is back in stock you will then recieve an email notification.
If you need an estimated delivery date, please contact us.
Where can I find your downloadable files?
Downloadable files can be found on the product pages, under the downloads tab.
How do I dispose of my battery?
All of our battery products can be recycled. Please fully discharging any unwanted batteries prior to disposal. You can then take them to your local recycling centre or anywhere with a BatteryBack bin.
You can find your nearest BatteryBack collection point here.
Do you offer discount for bulk buying?
Depending on the item and quantity required, discounts can be offered. Please contact us for further information and to request a quote.
I am missing an item from my order - what do I do?
Please contact us to open a missing item case. We aim to resolve all cases within 2 working days.
I have received a faulty item in my order - what do I do?
If your items are in warranty, please contact us to open a faulty item case. We aim to resolve all cases within 2 working days.
You can find information about our 12-month warranty policy here.
I have received an incorrect item in my order - what do I do?
Please contact us to open an incorrect item case. We aim to resolve all cases within 2 working days.
Can I cancel or amend my order after I’ve placed it?
Please go to the order section on your account dashboard. If your order status says 'Pending' we may be able to make changes for you.
Contact us as soon as you can and we will do our best to make any required changes for you.
I've cancelled my order - when will my money be available again?
Your refund will be processed immediately. Usually the money will be back with you instantly, but this it can take some time depending on your bank.
Please note that refunds have to be done back to the original payment method used.
How do I track my order?
All orders dispatched via a courier (orders over £75 and orders containing lithium) can be tracked. All tracking information can be found under the order section on your account dashboard.
My order status is still "processing" - when will it be shipped?
This means that we are still working hard to get your order ready for dispatch.
Dispatch time depends on the items ordered and the time it's received. If any items need manufacturing, this may cause a slight delay, however we aim to dispatch all orders within 1-2 working days.
If you require an estimated dispatch date for your order please contact us for further information.
Do you store my payment details?
We do not store any payment methods; you will need to re-input your payment details every time you order.
What payment types do you accept?
We current accept payments through VISA and Mastercard debit and credit cards. We also accept PayPal, cheques and bank transfer payments.
What do I do if my payment is declined?
If payment is declined, this ususally means that a number has been input incorrectly.
Please check the information and try again.
How do I use PayPal to pay for my order?
You will be able to select your payment method at the checkout. Select the Paypal option, then click the "Continue to Paypal" button. You will be redirected to the Paypal website where you can complete your purchase.
Do you offer discount for bulk buying?
Depending on the item and quantity required, discounts can be offered. Please contact us for further information and to request a quote.
I have received the incorrect item - how do I make a return?
Please contact us to open an incorrect item case. We aim to resolve all cases within 2 working days.
Our returns address is:
Overlander Returns,Unit 1, Jesmond Dene Trading Estate,School Lane, Forton,Preston, Lancashire,PR3 0AT
Make sure you complete and include our Returns Form with your package. This can be downloaded here.
I have a faulty item that is in warranty - how do I return it?
Please contact us to open a faulty item case. We aim to resolve all cases within 2 working days.
Our returns address is:
Overlander Returns,Unit 1, Jesmond Dene Trading Estate,School Lane, Forton,Preston, Lancashire,PR3 0AT
Make sure you complete and include our Returns Form with your package. This can be downloaded here.
Please note, unfortunately we can only handle requests for items purchased directly from our wesbite. If the item was purchased from an external shop, you will need to return the item to them as this is where your warranty would lie. You can find all of our distributors and their contact information on our Store Finder.
I have a faulty item that is out of warranty - how do I return it?
Depending on the item, we may be able to repair your item. Please contact us for further information.
Our returns address is:
Overlander Returns,Unit 1, Jesmond Dene Trading Estate,School Lane, Forton,Preston, Lancashire,PR3 0AT
Make sure you complete and include our Returns Form with your package. This can be downloaded here.
I want to return a LiPo battery - what do I do?
Unfortunately, due to transportation legislation, Lithium can only be shipped by select couriers. It is not possible to transport lithium via Royal Mail.
Please check with your courier service that they accept lithium packages before sending. Failure to do so may result in your package being confiscated.
Our returns address is:
Overlander Returns,Unit 1, Jesmond Dene Trading Estate,School Lane, Forton,Preston, Lancashire,PR3 0AT
Make sure you complete and include our Returns Form with your package. This can be downloaded here.
I have ordered a custom NiMH pack in the wrong configuration - can I return it?
Unfortunately we cannot accept returns of custom packs unless there is a fault with your item.
You can find our NiMH configuration sheet here. You must refer to this when orddering a bespoke pack.
Can I return an item for an exchange instead of a refund?
Of course! As long as the item you are returning to us has not been used and is received back to us in its original state then we can exchange it for another item.
Our returns address is:
Overlander Returns,Unit 1, Jesmond Dene Trading Estate,School Lane, Forton,Preston, Lancashire,PR3 0AT
Make sure you complete and include our Returns Form with your package. This can be downloaded here. Please state on the form that you want to request an exchange.
I have purchased an Overlander product from a model shop - how do I make a warranty claim?
Unfortunately we can only handle requests for items purchased directly from our wesbite. If the item was purchased from an external shop, you will need to return the item to them as this is where your warranty would lie. You can find all of our distributors and their contact information on our Store Finder.
Do you refund delivery charges if I return an item?
Yes, under some circumstances we can refund return delivery costs.
Item is in faulty and in warranty
Item was sent in error
Item is out of warranty
Item was ordered in error
Item is no longer required
Please note, we can only refund return delivery costs if a shipping receipt is presented. You can email this to us at support@overlander.co.uk.
Do I need to create an account to place an order?
No. If you don't want to create a customer account, it is possible to checkout as a guest. You will still receive order and dispatch confirmation emails.
Please note that no payment methods are stored and all information is 100% secure. We do NOT pass any information on to any 3rd party sources. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.
How do I change my account details?
All details can be altered on your account dashboard at any time.
Here you can change your contact details, your default billing and shipping addresses and change your password.
How do I log in to my account?
You can log in and out of your account by clicking the person icon  on the top right-hand side of the website.
Are my details safe when ordering online?
Absolutely! We do not store any payment methods and all information is 100% secure; we do NOT pass any information on to any 3rd party sources. For more information please see our Privacy Policy.
I have my own business - how do I set up a trade account?
Please contact us to request a trade account form. We will email this over for you to complete and return either by post or email. Once we receive this back, signed and dated, we can get a trade account log in processed for you.
I have forgotten my password - how do I reset it?
You can reset your password here.
After you submit your email address, you will receive an email with a link to set a new password. If this doesn't come through to your Inbox, please check your Junk folder.
Cookies and Privacy
This website use cookies to ensure you get the best user experience on our website.
Accept
Decline
Read our Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings