http://www.lchobbyco.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home |
Log In |
0 item(s) - $0.00 |
Checkout
Shopping Cart - 0 item(s) - $0.00
Log In
Shopping
Quick Links
New Products
Featured Products
All Products
Specials
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
Search
Contact Us
Categories
All Products ...
Home |
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Louis Campanara Hobby Co. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Louis Campanara Hobby Co. Copyright 2017, Louis Campanara Hobby Co ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Louis Campanara Hobby Co or purchasing Louis Campanara Hobby Co products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Louis Campanara Hobby Co or to purchase Louis Campanara Hobby Co products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Louis Campanara Hobby Co. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Returns
All items sold come with a seven day satisfaction guarantee. If you are not happy with an item, please return it for replacement (if available) or credit. Thank you.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Louis Campanara Hobby Co used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Louis Campanara Hobby Co
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Louis Campanara Hobby Co disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Louis Campanara Hobby Co does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Louis Campanara Hobby Co does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Louis Campanara Hobby Co shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Louis Campanara Hobby Co has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Louis Campanara Hobby Co product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Louis Campanara Hobby Co reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Louis Campanara Hobby Co reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Louis Campanara Hobby Co shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Louis Campanara Hobby Co without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Louis Campanara Hobby Co may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Louis Campanara Hobby Co.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Pennsylvania, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Louis Campanara Hobby Co products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Louis Campanara Hobby Co products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Louis Campanara Hobby Co's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Louis Campanara Hobby Co may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Louis Campanara Hobby Co or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Louis Campanara Hobby Co does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Louis Campanara Hobby Co is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Louis Campanara Hobby Co reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Louis Campanara Hobby Co in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Louis Campanara Hobby Co, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Louis Campanara Hobby Co may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Louis Campanara Hobby Co, Louis Campanara Hobby Co has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Louis Campanara Hobby Co. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Louis Campanara Hobby Co seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Louis Campanara Hobby Co.
P.O. Box 233
Hatboro, PA 19040
Back
Search
Advanced Search
Information
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Important Links
Blog
FAQ
Download Price List
Quick LinksHomeFeatured ProductsSpecialsWhat's NewAll Products ...
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer ServiceContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy Account
Important Links Blog
FAQ
Download Price List
Copyright © 2020Louis Campanara Hobby Company |  Site byideaWeb Services