https://www.tccq.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Your Cart
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWhat is this Privacy Policy for?This privacy policy is for this website www.tccq.com and served by TCC (Technical Care Center) and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website & Mobile ApplicationThis website and our mobile application, and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
Contact & CommunicationUsers contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but we advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email NewsletterThis website operates an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior agreement with the user.All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and no personal details are passed on to third parties or shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. You may choose to opt-out or select your email preferences when you sign-up for our email lists. You always have the opportunity to opt-out or change preferences by following a link in the footer of all non-transactional email messages sent by us.Our email marketing company,Constant Contact, has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that its privacy statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information that is collected through the website: www.constantcontact.com.
Security and PrivacyWe employ reasonable technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. We have adopted and implemented security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. When we collect financial account information, such as credit card numbers, we protect its transmission through the use of encryption such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Notwithstanding our efforts, we cannot guarantee absolute or unqualified protection of this information given the open nature and resulting instability of the Internet and World Wide Web, and we make no representations or warranties as to the effectiveness of our security and assume no liability for security breaches or any failure in the security of your computer equipment, your internet service provider or other networks and communications providers. Sharing of InformationWe will never sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their use without your consent. We will not provide your credit card information or any other information to third parties.Lastly, we may disclose your personal information to courts, law enforcement authorities and/or other relevant third parties, such as internet service providers, when such disclosure is necessary or advisable, in our sole discretion, to conduct an investigation, respond to a third party or law enforcement subpoena or court order, bring legal action, prevent harm to others or pursue other relief when you or a third party are or may be: (a) violating our terms and conditions of use; (b) causing injury or other harm to, or otherwise violating our property or other legal rights, or those of other users or third parties; or (c) violating federal, state, local, or other applicable law. This disclosure may include transferring information to the U.S. and outside the European Economic Area. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties in connection with a subpoena.
Social Media PlatformsCommunication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. Neither this website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question.Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account. Notification of ChangesWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change this privacy statement in any material way, we will notify you here, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In all cases, your continued use of any Site or our products and services constitutes consideration and your binding acceptance to any such changes. Contact us
WhatsApp: 3382-5533 / 6616-7711
Email: tcccustomerservice23@gmail.com
Follow us in social media:
Instagram: @techcarecenter
Facebook: TechCareCenter
Tiktok: @techcarecenter
Youtube: TechCareCenter