https://www.disabilitysystems.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Disability Systems, Inc. Privacy Statement, Terms, Return Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Disability Systems, Inc. and terms of service which includes return policy and shipping
statement. If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact Disability Systems, Inc. by phone at 1-877-258-7423 or email at info@disabilitysystems.com.
Information Collection and Use
Disability Systems, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others.
Secure Shopping Cart Order Form
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial
information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble
processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Credit Card and Shipping Companies
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a secure credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do
not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Charging Your Credit Card
Credit cards will be charged the day your order is shipped with the exception of custom orders and modular ramps. Custom orders, modular ramp systems will be charged the day the order is placed.
Purchase Orders
We will accept PO#'s from well established companies only. Please email your PO to info@disabilitysystems.com Please call us at 1-877-258-7423 to confirm we have received the order.
Service Area
North America, USA, Canada, AL, AK, AZ, AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA,KS, KY, LA, ME, MD, MA, MI, MN, MS, MO, MT, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, ND, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, VI, VA, WA, WV, WI, WY
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Disability Systems, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This site has a secure shopping cart.
We take every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our shopping cart, the address bar of your browser will display the web page address beginning with the https indicating a secure connection.
While our credit card processing company uses SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect
user-information off-line. We actually never see your complete credit card number when you order over the Internet. We see only the last four digits. If you
prefer to call your order in please dial 1-877-258-7423 and we'll be happy to get your information over the phone.
Return Policy
We will make every effort to
replace a defective product that you have purchased from our website within
48 hours. Before you return any item to either us or the manufacturer you
must call us toll free between the hours of 9am-5pm, Mountain Time, Monday
through Friday at 1-877-258-7423 so that we can work with you in replacing
or returning an item.
Products which have been installed or used and are not in a "like new" condition can not be returned for credit. Only defective products can be returned for replacement. In the case of door openers, we can not accept returns for units that are functioning properly but only need field adjustments. It is your responsibility to read and understand the instructions and adjustment options available for your door opener. We can not accept returns on items that only require adjustments to operate properly.
Returned items must be
returned in their original boxes in new like condition and properly packaged
so as not to damage the product in shipping. Again, please call us at
1-877-258-7423 to obtain a proper shipping address for the product you are
returning. Returns will not be accepted after 30 days from the date of
purchase. Returned items are subject to a 20% restocking and handling fee
charge plus freight both ways. Items returned in a damaged or used condition
will have a 30% restock fee.  There may be additional charges if the product
is returned in damaged condition.
We cannot accept returns on installed (used) door openers, activation switches, sensors, timers, custom ramps, folding ramps, portable ramps or modular wheelchair ramp systems. We will help our
customers with any manufacturer warranty claims for our products.
Shipping
Free Shipping applies to the contiguous United States and only on products identified as including free shipping.
Most orders placed before 12:00 PM mountain time are shipped the same day. Orders placed after 12:00 PM are shipped the following day with the exception of orders placed on Fridays after 12:00 PM. Those orders will ship on the following Monday. Custom orders can take up to three weeks to complete depending on the complexity of the order. We will notify you by phone or email if your order is out of stock with an estimated delivery time. Products that include free shipping as part of their price can take up to two weeks to arrive at your door (in the contiguous US only.) You always have the option to call us immediately after placing your order at
1-877-258-7423 to request optional shipping methods. The cost for alternative shipping will vary depending on your needs. We assume no
responsibility for missed delivery dates due to circumstances beyond our control such as postal, UPS or freight company errors or an incorrect postal address given while placing your order.
Disability Systems, Inc.
6834 S. University Blvd. Box 222
Centennial, CO 80122-1515
1-877-258-7423
info@disabilitysystems.com
Secure Shopping
Contact
1-877-258-7423
E-Mail
Sitemap
Terms / Privacy
about us
Since 2002, our commitment to customer service has been the key to the success of Disability Systems, Inc. Our business depends on your complete satisfaction.
View Cart
Checkout
Doing Business Since 2002