https://www.geographicus.com/P/termsconditions
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Guarantee of Authenticity
Payment
Shipping
General Return Policy
Shipping, Handling, Customs, and Storage Fees
Damaged Returns
Insurance
Appraisal Services
Restoration Services Payment Schedule
Restoration Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Guarantee
Geographicus Rare Antique Maps offers a full guarantee of authenticity on every map we sell. We do not trade in modern reproductions or contemporary copies. A signed Certificate of Authenticity will accompany every map we sell. Any map legitimately found to be a fake or reproduction may be returned to Geographicus at any time for a full refund. Returns based on claims of inauthenticity must be accompanied by no less than two letters from industry professionals (other ABAA/ILAB dealers, map librarians, map curators, certified appraisers, auctions house specialists, etc.) attesting that the map or book in question is a contemporary forgery or reproduction and explaining their reasoning.
Payment
Geographicus accepts cash, checks (U.S. Dollars only), Visa, Master Card, American Express, Discover, PayPal and bank transfers. Items purchased by check will be held until the funds are verified by our bank - this may take up to one week. Certain transactions paid by major credit cards may also be delayed if our merchant processer's fraud department identifies high levels of risk. We do not accept traveler checks, money orders, or cashier checks.
Shipping
Geographicus ships Fedex Ground orders Tuesday, and Thursday. Typically orders placed before 3PM EST during these days, will be shipped on the same day. Orders placed after 3PM EST will be shipped on the next shipping day. For domestic shipping, we use FedEx Ground, FedEx Express, and if necessary USPS Express. International shipments are dispatched via DHL or FedEx International, depending on the size of parcel and destination. Other shipping can be arranged on request but may incur additional fees. We do not ship on Saturdays, Sundays, or official U.S. Holidays. All shipments require a signature on delivery. All shipments are insured - please see the 'Insurance' section below. Clients will be provided with a tracking number for all shipments. Geographicus does not use freight forwarders or third party shipping agents.We do our best to ensure timely delivery of your purchases. Nonetheless, even the best courier services do not have perfect track records. Holidays, weekends, international customs, vehicle breakdowns, and inclement weather can result in unforeseen and unavoidable delays. If you are purchasing an item for a gift or you otherwise have a specific deadline, please specify this information on your order form and use a shipping method that allows a safe time cushion for receipt of your order.
General Return Policy
Antique maps or books which are deemed unsatisfactory for any reason may be returned within 7 days of receipt. Restoration Services, Appraisals, and Digital Images are not subject to return or refund. Any wishing to initiate a return must contact Geographicus immediately by phone or email clearly requesting a return. Items must then be returned immediately. Prior to sending the item back you will be briefed on secure shipping procedures. All returned items must be shipped 'signature required' and with insurance of 100 USD or more. Exceptions and longer return periods are possible on select items but must be negotiated before an order is placed. When a discount of any kind is requested and given, all sales are final. We do not accept returns on damaged items. If a return is requested after the 7 day return period expires, it will not be honored.
Digital ImagesDigital images purchased through Geographicus are delivered via a download link emailed to the sender - hence no shipping charge is applied. Once the image is sent via email, it is considered 'delivered' and cannot be returned or refunded. Geographicus scans at 300 DPI or higher. If the scan resolution is below 300 DPI, we will refund your payment with our apologies. If the scan image is over 300 DPI, we will provide the higher resolution digital image. Most of the images we provide are unrestricted by copyright law and can be used freely but you should consult your lawyer regarding any legal concerns. We sell only the service of providing the scan, we do not sell usage rights or permissions.
Shipping, Handling, Customs, and Storage
Geographicus does not refund any shipping, handling, storage fees or international customs charges that the buyer may incur after purchasing an item from us. All customs charges are the buyer's responsibility and will vary from country to country. For a specific list of customs regulations for other countries please consult that sovereignty's customs office directly.
Damaged Returns
Geographicus does not issue refunds for items that are returned in a damaged or otherwise unsellable state - returns must arrive here in the exact same condition as they were shipped to you. If an item was damaged in transit to the buyer, then the buyer is responsible for documenting the damage fully and accurately in anticipation of filing an insurance claim. Claims must be filed within 7 days of receipt to be honored. Insurance
All maps and books shipped to and from Geographicus Rare Antique Maps are insured by our Dewitt Stern Fine Arts Dealer policy. The deductible on all shipped items is 100 USD. The deductible is paid by the shipper unless otherwise agreed. Damage claims must be filed within 7 days of receipt to be honored. Lost parcel claims can be filed up to 3 months after the shipment is sent.
Appraisal Services
Appraisals are general estimates of fair market value. Fair market value (FMV) is an estimate of the market value of a property, based on what a knowledgeable, willing, and unpressured buyer would probably pay to a knowledgeable, willing, and unpressured seller in the market. Geographicus Rare Antique Maps requires full payment for Basic Appraisal services prior to initiating work. Higher level appraisals are invoiced upon completion but require a deposit to initiate work. Appraisals are not subject to return or refund. For a breakdown of our appraisal services and their various levels, please consult our appraisal services page: https://www.geographicus.com/P/MAPAPPRAISAL
Restoration Payment Schedule
Payments for restoration or conservation, including deposits, are services and therefore not refundable regardless of the final results, with the exception of restoration work that does not proceed beyond an initial evaluation phase. Clients contracting Geographicus for restoration and conservation services must pay a 50% deposit on estimated total invoice value in order to initiate work. It is further understood that numerous unforeseeable factors can influence the cost of restoration and conservation work, and that the 'estimated total invoice value' is, as described, an estimate. Geographicus will not proceed with work that deviates from the 'estimated total invoice value' by more than 10% without the client's prior consent. All invoices must be paid within 30 days of being issued. All shipping costs related to restoration are the client's responsibility and will be billed accordingly. For additional shipping terms and condition, please see the 'Shipping, Handling, Customs, and Storage Fees' section above.
Restoration Disclaimer
Anticipated restoration results are highly likely but cannot be guaranteed. Generally speaking, our experience allows us to assess the probability of successful restoration with a visual examination. Nonetheless, there are other factors outside of our control which affect the result of antique restoration. Some of these factors may not be readily apparent upon initial examination and only reveal themselves in the middle of the restoration process. We will keep the client informed of unforeseen factors as they arise. Privacy Policy
Please follow this link: https://www.geographicus.com/P/PRPO
Copyright © 2020 Geographicus Rare Antique Maps | Geographicus Rare Antique Maps
LINKS×