https://www.ecosevi.com/legal-stuff/
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Shop
New Products
Bodycare
All Bodycare
Butters/Lotions
Hand Sanitizers
Cleanse
Deodorant
Lips
Scrubs/Bath Salts
Skincare
All Skincare
Cleanse
Moisturize
Tone
Haircare
All Haircare
Treat
Condition
Style
Wash
Refills : good for earth
Limited Edition Kits
Our Covid-19 Protocol
Our Story
Our Story
Our Nature
Blog
Retailers
Contact Us
Contact Us
Sevi Wholesale Info
Custom Formulations
Our Vegan Policy
Press
Reward Points FAQ
Shipping and Returns
Legal Stuff
links
Log in
Legal Stuff
Alright, we had to have some "serious" stuff posted on our site too, so here goes:
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to all text, articles, Ask Sevi Corner, graphics, web site copy, pictures, our garden corner, global warming articles, code, logos, product names, are copyrighted as collective work under the United States and are properties of 4Mundo, L.L.C
Trademarks All trademarks, service marks and trade names of 4Mundo, L.L.C used in the site are registered trademarks or trademarks of Sevi®, MundoBotanica®, Ptaya and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by 4Mundo, L.L.C in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits 4Mundo, L.L.C. Users are prohibited from copying, creating derivative works or using any content available on or through ecosevi.com (this includes all of our legal disclaimer text, shipping info, return info as well) for commercial or public purposes without permission.
Legal action will be taken for any violation of this copyright and trademark ownership. Unfair and unethical business practices will not be tolerated. All communication send to 4Mundo ,L.L.C regarding its legal entity will become the property of 4Mundo, L.L.C We hold the right to forward, copy, quote from and publish all written and verbal conversations.
Product, Information & Labeling Disclaimer
Our products are intended for external use only. We do not offer, suggest any cures nor are we making any claims to diagnose or cure any human illness, further more we do not offer consultations, classes, medical advice, claim to be doctors or be certified by a State or Government Agency at ecosevi.com, 4Mundo, L.L.C. The statements and products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any condition or disease.
The statements made about products have not been evaluated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Our products are not offered or suggested to replace medical care for people.
All information provided at ecosevi.com is for educational and informational purposes only and is not intended as medical advice and can never replace medical care and treatments. We disclose all ingredients used in our products to the best of our knowledge and hold the right to change them without further notice. Please be advised that although our products are botanical, this does not prove them to be allergy free.
People can be allergic to many natural herbs, botanicals or foods. Please consult with your own physician for possible precautions regarding all ingredients, essential oils and herbs. We cannot be held liable for not including all possible side effects of these herbs, essential oils and products.
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy therefore will not give or sell confidential or personal information about you to any third party not affiliated with your transaction. The only e-mails you will receive from us will be regarding your order with us. By using our Site, you agree to this Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting Policy provision and we may change our Policy by posting a new version on our Site.
Customer Reviews
We respect and protect our customer's privacy and personal information and will not use your name and location without prior permission. We do not pay for any customer reviews.
Our Mailing List
We offer a newsletter. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Cookies and IP Addresses
Cookies are small data files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit a web site. Our shopping cart uses cookies. We use your IP address (the unique identifier associated with your server) to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. We also use your IP address to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Children's Guidelines - The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Our site is not intended for children under the age of 12. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children 12 and under.