http://www.naturalife.ie/privacy
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More Info
Allow Cookies
Home
Privacy
Our Privacy Policy
Naturalife Health is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us at nl@naturalife.ie
Information collected
Naturalife Health does collects the details provided by you when you place an order and we also collect information about the transactions you undertake including details of payment methods used.
We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by us and information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms.
Use of your information and your preferences
We will use your information to provide our sales and delivery service. We will also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may use your information to send you offers and news about Naturalife Health products and services. We may contact you by email for these purposes. We like to hear your views to help us improve our service..
From time to time, we may contact you by email to ask your opinions. If you do not want to be contacted for these purposes, visit the website and click on the “Remove an address” link. Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you, in any event, for administrative or operational reasons relating to our service.
Disclosures of your information
Your information may be passed to and used by all companies in the Naturalife Health group of companies. We will never pass your personal data to anyone else.
Other websites
Our website may contain links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, we recommend that you review their privacy policy, especially if you need to give personal information..
Access rights
You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Naturalife holds about you, please write to us at the following address: Naturalife Health, 3-5 Charvey Business Park, Rathnew, Co. Wicklow, Ireland, enclosing your postal details.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device. The cookie allows the website to remember your actions or preferences over time. Naturalife use Cookies in order to record site visits anonymously, help us improve our online content and retarget our site visitors online with advertising.
The types of cookies we use are:
1. Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website or use a shopping cart.
2. Analytical/performance cookies. They are set by Naturalife and third parties, including Google Analytics. Performance cookies allow us to collect statistical information about our visitors, such as whether they have visited the site before and the pages they view. This information is gathered anonymously. We use these cookies to determine the kind of content and services our visitors value most, which in turn helps us improve our website and its content. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimise and serve ads based on users’ past visits to this website. We may use remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
3. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences.
4. Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the products displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Users can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings found here: www.google.com/settings/ads.
More information about cookies and details of how to manage or disable them can be found on www.aboutcookies.org