http://www.niasat.com/terms/
Terms of Use | Network Innovation Associates
Any Network. Every Solution. 24/7 USA Based Support 386.675.0724 |Home | Contact Us | Request Quote
Satellite Internet
NIASAT Overview
Reseller Program
Oil, Gas, Pipeline, and SCADA
Government Satellite Internet & Custom Networking
Retail and Point of Sale
Business Satellite Internet
Satellite Coverage Maps
Network & PC Services
NIANET Overview
Secure and Efficient
SonicWALL Network Appliances
Support
Video Demos and Training
Blog Posts/News Room
Notifications
About Us and Policy Center
Contact Info and Feedback
Acceptable Use Policy
Mass Mailing Policy
End User Agreement
Contact Forms
Case Studies and Testimonials
Terms of Use
Home » Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting Network Innovation Associates . The Network Innovation Associates website has been made available to you subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below (the “Conditions of Use”). Please read this document carefully before accessing or using the Network Innovation Associates website. By accessing or using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the Conditions of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by the Conditions of Use, you may not access or use the website.
Modification of these Conditions of Use
Network Innovation Associates reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of such changes. You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing these Conditions of Use and additional terms or notices posted on the Network Innovation Associates website. Your continued access of this website shall be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the modified agreement.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to Network Innovation Associates , to understand our practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information.
Electronic Communications
When you visit Network Innovation Associates or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically, and thereby you are consenting to receive communications from us electronically or by other means available. We will communicate with you electronically, by telephone or by facsimile. It is further understood that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communication be in writing.
License and Website Access
Network Innovation Associates grants you limited license to access and make personal use of this website and not to download (other than for page caching purposes) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with the express written consent of Network Innovation Associates . This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, adapted, copied, sold, resold, transmitted or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of Network Innovation Associates . You are hereby granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of Network Innovation Associates so long as the link does not portray any false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter.
It is further understood and agreed that Network Innovation Associates cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files made available for downloading through the Network Innovation Associates website will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifests contaminating or destructive properties. It is your responsibility for implementing sufficient safeguards and procedures to ensure that any files obtained through Network Innovation Associates are free from such contaminations.
Third Party Links
Linked websites are not under the control of Network Innovation Associates and Network Innovation Associates is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Network Innovation Associates provides links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply or constitute an endorsement by Network Innovation Associates of the site.
International Use
Given the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules including, without limitation, rules about the Internet, data, e-mail, privacy, copyright, and trademark infringement. Additionally, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Other Provisions
Network Innovation Associates failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Conditions of Use shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Conditions of Use. Network Innovation Associates may assign its rights and duties under these Conditions of Use to any party at any time without notice to you. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining condition. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Request and Address
Please send notices by care of e-mail to: billing@niasat.com
NIA Case Studies Click Here to View Recent Customer Case Studies and Testimonials
Contact Us
386.675.0724 support*niasat.com http://www.nia.us.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
© Copyright 2004-2018
Network Innovation Associates, Inc.
All rights reserved.