http://www.icestore.com/terms.asp
service@icestore.com
800 697 1468
310 550 0307
IceStoreSimply Brilliant
Toggle navigation
Diamonds & Gems
Loose Diamonds
Diamond Search
Ideal Cut Diamonds
Ideal Diamond Search
Ideals by Shape
Ideal Round Brilliant
Ideal Cushion
Ideal Emerald
Ideal Radiant
Ideal Asscher
Ideal Oval
Ideal Pear
Ideal Princess
Yellow Diamonds
Yellow Diamond Search
By Color
Light Yellow Diamonds
Fancy Yellow Diamonds
Intense Yellow Diamonds
Vivid Yellow Diamonds
By Shape
Asscher Yellow Diamonds
Emerald Yellow Diamonds
Cushion Yellow Diamonds
Oval Yellow Diamonds
Pear Yellow Diamonds
Princess Yellow Diamonds
Radiant Yellow Diamonds
Round Yellow Diamonds
Fancy Colors
Yellow Diamonds
Pink Diamonds
Blue Diamonds
Green Diamonds
Orange Diamonds
Recently Purchased
Gems
Natural Sapphires
Natural Rubies
Colombian Emeralds
Tanzenite
Concave Sapphires
Pearl Necklaces
JEWELRY
Diamond Jewelry
Necklaces
Earrings
Bracelets
Bangles
Eternity Bands
Gemstone Jewelry
Gemstone Jewelry
Mountings
Pave' Accent
Baguette
Three Stone
Antique Reproduction
Solitaire
Engagement Rings
Colored Diamonds
Diamond Rings
Colored Diamond Rings
Sell
About
Policies
Price Matching
30 Day Returns
Lifetime Warranty
Payment Options
Shipping
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Monday thru Friday
10:00AM - 6:00PM PST
800.697.1468
310.550.0307
service@icestore.com
Testimonials
Blog
Diamond Blog
Yellow Diamond Buyers Guide
Investing In Diamonds
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
The lawyers made us put this here.
Welcome to IceStore.com (the “Site”), (“IceStore LLC", “we”, “us”, or “our”). We
provide an online service for buying diamonds and other merchandise (“Products”) through
the Site (the ability to purchase Products and all other services made
available through the Site, the “Services”).
IceStore LLC was established in 2000 as an alternative to the overpriced
traditional luxury brands available to the general public. With client engaged
customer service, guidance, and transparency, we provide our clients with the
right diamond given their budget and unique needs.
The following terms and conditions (the “Terms of
Use”) form a binding agreement between you and us, and govern your
use of the Site, the Services and any Orders (defined below) that you place.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY
ACCESSING THE SITE, PURCHASING OUR PRODUCTS, OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE
TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE
TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE OR PURCHASE ANY PRODUCTS.
We may at our sole discretion change, add, or
delete portions of these Terms of Use at any time on a going-forward basis. It
is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use for changes prior to use of
the Site, and in any event your continued use of the Site following the posting
of changes to these Terms of Use constitutes your acceptance of any changes. We
will notify you of any such material changes by posting notice of the changes
on the Site, and/or, in our sole discretion, by email.
1. ACCOUNTS. In order to use certain features of the Site,
you must register for an account
(your “Account”) and provide us your email address and
password (“Credentials”) or connect to the Services
through a social networking site (an “SNS”) in which
case we will access registration information that you authorize from the SNS.
You may not transfer or share your Credentials with any third parties. If
someone accesses our Site or Services using your Account Information, we will
rely on the Credentials presented and will assume that it is really you or your
representative who is accessing the Site and Services. You are solely
responsible for any and all use of your Credentials and all Orders and
activities that occur in connection with the Account. If you access the
Services through an SNS, you may link your Account with your account on the
SNS. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE SNS YOU USE TO ACCESS YOUR
ACCOUNT IS GOVERNED SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH THE SNS. We reserve the
right to take any action to ensure the security of the Site and your Account,
including terminating your Account, changing your password, or requesting
additional information to authorize transactions on your Account. In no event,
and under no circumstances, will IceStore LLC be held liable to you for any
liabilities or damages resulting from or arising out of (i) any action or
inaction of IceStore LLC under this provision, (ii) any compromise of the
confidentiality of your Account or password and (iii) any unauthorized access
to your Account or use of your password. You agree to notify us immediately if
you become aware that your Account Information is being used without
authorization. You may delete your Account at any time, for any reason, by
following the instructions on the Site. We may suspend or terminate your
Account in accordance with these Terms of Use.
2. ORDERS. These Terms of Use, together with any additional
terms on the Site, will govern any order you make through the Site or Services
(including by phone) for Products (such order, an “Order”). When you
place an Order, we will confirm your Payment Information (defined below) and
shipping address by sending an email to the email address you have provided
and/or calling you to verify your Order. Your placement of an Order through our
Site is an offer to purchase the Product(s) ordered and we may accept your
Order by processing your payment and shipping the Product(s). For any reason,
we may decline to accept your Order or any part of your Order. All Products
will be deemed accepted by you upon shipment, and title to and risk of loss
passes to you when IceStore LLC provides the Product(s) to a common carrier.
3. PAYMENT. You agree to pay all fees or charges to your
Account, including the fees associated with the purchase of any Products, in
accordance with the fees, charges, and billing terms in effect at the time a
fee or charge is due and payable. Your Payment Provider agreement governs your
use of the designated  bank wire or
financing arrangement and you must refer to that agreement and not these Terms
to determine your rights and liabilities. bank wire information or
authorization to use any financing secured through the third party lender, you
agree that we are authorized to immediately seek payment from your Payment
Provider for all fees and charges due and payable to us hereunder and that no
additional notice or consent is required. To pay for an Order, you will need to
provide IceStore LLC with the information necessary to process an Order from
you, including your shipping address and billing information.
4. PRICING AND PRODUCTS. We make
efforts to display our products accurately and to provide accurate information,
including pricing information, regarding our Products. We do not guarantee that
products or information about them are displayed accurately. We cannot confirm
the price of an item until you place an Order. Despite our best efforts, a
small number of the items on our Site may be mispriced. We are not responsible
for typographical errors regarding price or any other matter. All prices do not
include shipping and handling or sales taxes, if applicable, which will be
added to your total purchase price. You are responsible for the payment of any
shipping and handling charges and state and local sales or use taxes that may
apply to your Order. Having said that, the displayed colors of the products
will depend upon your monitor and we cannot guarantee that your monitor will
accurately portray the actual colors of the Products. Products displayed may be
out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change.
5. PROMOTIONAL OFFERS. We may run promotional offers from time to time
on the Site. The terms of any such promotion will be posted on the Site. Unless
otherwise indicated, we may establish and modify, in our sole discretion, the
terms of such offer and end such offer at any point.
6. REFUNDS AND RETURNS. Our return policy can be found here.
7. OWNERSHIP. You understand and acknowledge that the
software, code, proprietary methods and systems used to provide the Site or
Services (“Our Technology”) are: (i) copyrighted by us and/or
our licensors under United
States and international copyright laws;
(ii) subject to other intellectual property and proprietary rights and laws;
and (iii) owned by us or our licensors. Our Technology may not be copied,
modified, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, sold, offered for sale,
or redistributed in any way without our prior written permission and the prior
written permission of our applicable licensors. You must abide by all copyright
notices, information, or restrictions contained in or attached to any of Our
Technology. Nothing in these Terms of Use grants you any right to receive
delivery of a copy of Our Technology or to obtain access to Our Technology
except as generally and ordinarily permitted through the Site according to
these Terms of Use. Furthermore, nothing in these Terms of Use will be deemed
to grant, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, a license to Our Technology.
Certain of the names, logos, and other materials displayed on Products, the
Site or in the Services constitute trademarks, tradenames, service marks or
logos (“Marks”) of IceStore LLC or other entities. You are
not authorized to use any such Marks. Ownership of all such Marks and the
goodwill associated therewith remains with us or those other entities.
8. RULES REGARDING INFORMATION AND
OTHER CONTENT. When you
access the Site and/or Services, you obtain access to various kinds of
information and materials, all of which we call “Content.” As part of
the Services, you may be able to upload onto the Site certain Content, for
example reviews. You are entirely responsible for each individual item of
Content that you post on the Site and, as between you and us, you retain
ownership and any intellectual property rights in the Content you post. You
grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, fully sublicenseable,
worldwide license, under any and all of your copyright and other intellectual
property rights related to that Content. You agree that any such Content or any
derivative works, except for any personally identifiable information you submit
in regards to your Account or an Order, may be disseminated, distributed,
publicly displayed, reproduced, used, sublicensed, posted, or published by us,
and searched, displayed, printed or otherwise used or exploited by our
customers. To the extent you include personally identifiable information
in forums on the Site, we will not be liable for such disclosure. You agree not
to revise Content posted by others, and you represent and warrant that you will
not post or use any Content in any manner that:
Infringes the
copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or
proprietary right of others;
Violates the
privacy, publicity, or other rights of third parties or any other law,
statute, ordinance or regulation;
Is false or
inaccurate or becomes false or inaccurate at any time;
May be harmful to
minors;
Is discriminatory,
unlawful, tortuous, obscene, fraudulent, defamatory, harmful, threatening,
pornographic, indecent, vulgar, harassing, discourteous, hateful, abusive
or racially, ethnically, religiously, sexually or otherwise offensive, as
determined by us in our sole discretion;
Does, or is
intended, to stalk, harass or harm another individual;
Discloses or
provides information protected under any law, agreement or fiduciary
relationship, including but not limited to proprietary or confidential
information of others;
Misrepresents your
identity in any way, including through the impersonation of others;
Contains any
viruses, Trojan horses, spyware. malware, worms, time bombs, cancelbots,
or other disabling devices or other harmful component intended to damage,
detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any
system, data or personal information;
Advocates or
encourages any illegal activity; or
Has the potential
to create liability for us or cause us to violate the requirements of or
to lose the services, in whole or in part, of our Internet service
providers or other suppliers.
Though we strive to enforce these rules with all
of our users, you may be exposed through the Site or Services to Content that
violates our policies or is otherwise offensive. You access the Site and
Services at your own risk. We may, but are not obligated to, remove Content
from the Site for any reason, including if we determine or suspect that such Content
violates these Terms of Use. We are merely acting as a passive conduit for such
distribution and we take no responsibility for your exposure to Content on the
Site or through the Services whether it violates our content policies or not.
9. General Rules of User Conduct. It is our goal to make access to our Site and
Services a good experience for all of our users. You agree not to, and
represent and warrant that you will not use, reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell,
resell or exploit any portion of the Site or Services, your use of the Site or
Services, or access to the Site or Services for any purposes other than for which the
Site or Services are being provided to you, or do any of the following:
Conduct or promote
any illegal activities while using the Site or Services;
Attempt to reverse
engineer or jeopardize the correct functioning of the Site, or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code of the software (including the tools,
methods, processes, and infrastructure) that enables or underlies the Site;
Attempt to gain
access to secured portions of the Site or Services to which you do not
possess access rights;
Interfere in any
way with the proper functioning of the Site and Services or interfere with
or disrupt any servers or networks connected to the Site or Services, or
disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks
connected to the Site or Services;
Use any robot,
spider, other automatic device, or manual process to extract, “screen
scrape,” monitor, “mine,” or copy any static or dynamic web page on the
Site or the Content contained on any such web page for commercial use
without our prior express written permission;
Mirror or frame the
Site or any Content, place pop-up windows over its pages, or otherwise
affect the display of its pages.
10. FEEDBACK. In the event that you provide us any ideas,
thoughts, criticisms, suggested improvements or other feedback related to
Products, the Site or the Services (collectively “Feedback”), you
agree we may use the Feedback to modify our Products and Services and that you
will not be due any compensation, including any royalty related to the product
or service that incorporates your Feedback. You grant to us a worldwide,
royalty-free, fully paid, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, reproduce,
modify, translate, distribute, perform, display, import, sell, offer for sale,
make, have made and otherwise exploit the Feedback in any form, media, or
technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, and to allow others to do
the same. This is true whether you provide the Feedback on the Site or through
any other method of communication with us, unless we have entered into a
separate agreement with you that provides otherwise.
11. MODIFICATIONS TO THE SITE OR
SERVICES. We reserve
the right to modify or discontinue the Site or Services with or without notice
to you. We will not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise our
right to modify or discontinue the Site and/or Services. If you object to any
such changes, your sole recourse will be to cease access to the Site or
Services. Continued access to the Site or Services following notice of any such
changes will indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and satisfaction
with the Site or Services as so modified. You agree that we, in our sole
discretion, may immediately terminate your access to the Site and Services at
any time, for any reason, in our sole discretion. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE
OR SERVICES.
12. PRIVACY AND SECURITY. We know that your privacy is important. For this
reason, we have created a privacy policy here that
describes our collection, use and disclosure practices regarding any personal
information that you provide to us. The security of your personal information
is important to us. While there is no such thing as "perfect
security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to help ensure
the safety of your personal information. However, you understand and agree that
such steps do not guarantee that the Site and the Services are invulnerable to
all security breaches or immune from viruses, security threats or other
vulnerabilities. IceStore LLC reserves the right to cooperate with local,
state, provincial and national authorities in investigations of improper or
unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of your personal
information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or
unlawful user activities and this reporting may include disclosure of personal
information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful
activities.
13. Third Party Content and Other
Websites. Content from
other users, suppliers, advertisers, and other third parties may be made
available to you through the Site and/or the Services. Because we do not
control such content, you agree that we are not responsible for any such
content. We do not make any guarantees about the accuracy, currency,
suitability, or quality of the information in such content, and we assume no
responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or
unlawful content made available by other users, advertisers, and other third
parties or any violation of any third party rights related to such content. The
Site and Services may contain links to websites not operated by us. We are not
responsible for the content, products, materials, or practices (including
privacy practices) of such websites. We make no warranty, representation,
endorsement, or guarantee regarding, and accept no responsibility for, the
quality, content, nature or reliability of third party websites, products or
services accessible by hyperlink or otherwise from the Site or Services. We
provide these links for your convenience only and we do not control such
websites. Our inclusion of links to such websites does not imply any
endorsement of the materials on such third party websites or any association
with their operators. YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY WEBSITES, CONTENT, PRODUCTS, MATERIALS, OR PRACTICES OF ANY
THIRD PARTY.
14. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED
BY IceStore LLC “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. IceStore LLC
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES INCLUDED
ON, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH, THIS SITE, UNLESS OTHERWISE
SPECIFIED IN WRITING, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ACCURACY. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE
IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. We make no warranty that the Products, Site or Services
will meet your requirements, or that the Site and/or Services will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor do we make any warranty as to
the results that may be obtained from the use of the Products, Site or
Services, or that defects in the Site or Services will be corrected. You
understand and agree that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your
computer or loss of data that results from the download of any material and/or
Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you
from us through the Site, Services, or otherwise will create any warranty,
representation or guarantee not expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE ARE ONLY
WILLING TO SELL THE PRODUCTS AND PROVIDE ACCESS TO THE SITE AND SERVICES IF YOU
AGREE TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS OF OUR LIABILITY TO YOU AND TO THIRD PARTIES. YOU
UNDERSTAND THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
WE OR OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES,
AGENTS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR
LOSS OF REVENUES, PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, LOST OPPORTUNITIES, OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF SUCH PARTIES WERE ADVISED OF,
KNEW OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY),
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO, OR THE INABILITY TO USE
OR TO ACCESS, THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY,
STATUTE OR OTHERWISE. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE
TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION
APPEARING ON THIRD PARTY MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES, YOUR
SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES.
OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SITE
OR THE SERVICES IS LIMITED, IN AGGREGATE, TO THE GREATER OF (I) THE TOTAL
AMOUNT OF FEES YOU PAID TO US RELATED TO THE APPLICALE ORDER GIVING RISE TO OUR
LIABILITY AND (II) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00). Some jurisdictions do
not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of
liability for incidental or consequential damages.
Accordingly,
some of the above limitations and disclaimers may not apply to you. To the
extent that we may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied
warranty or limit liabilities, the scope and duration of such warranty and the
extent of our liability will be the minimum permitted under such applicable
law.
Without
limiting the foregoing, under no circumstances WILL WE or our licensors be held
liable for any delay or failure in performance resulting directly or indirectly
from acts of nature, forces, or causes beyond our reasonable control,
including, without limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures,
telecommunication equipment failures, other equipment failures, electrical
power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil
disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms,
explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or
foreign courts or tribunals, OR non-performance of third parties.
Some states do not allow exclusion of implied
warranties, so these exclusions may not apply in individual cases. You may have
additional rights that vary from state to state. To the extent that we may not,
as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any implied warranty, the scope and
duration of such warranty will be the minimum permitted under such applicable
law.
16. INDEMNIFICATION. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
IceStore LLC, our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors,
co-branders and other partners, employees, consultants and agents, from and
against any and all third-party claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs,
expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) that such
parties may incur as a result of or arising from: (i) your use of the Products,
Site or Services (except to the extent prohibited by law); (ii) your violation
of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any rights of any other person
or entity; (iv) any Content you submit to the Site or Services; or (v) any
viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, spyware, malware, cancelbots or
other similar harmful or deleterious programming routines input by you into the
Site or Services.
17. RELEASE. You hereby release IceStore LLC, its officers,
employees, agents and successors from claims, demands any and all losses,
damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including, without limitation,
personal injuries, death, and property damage, that is either directly or
indirectly related to or arises from (i) your use of the Site, or (ii) your
purchase of any Product(s). You hereby waive California Civil Code Section
1542, which states: "A general release does not extend
to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at
the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially
affected his settlement with the debtor" and you waive any
other similar provision of the laws of any other applicable jurisdiction.
18. COPYRIGHT VIOLATIONS. We respect the intellectual property of others,
and we ask you to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in
a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our copyright
agent the following information:
An electronic or
physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of the copyright interest;
A description of
the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of
where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site or
Services;
Your address,
telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you
that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized
by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you,
made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice
is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on
the copyright owner's behalf.
Our copyright agent for notice of claims of
copyright infringement on the Site or the Services can be reached by mail at: service@icestore.com
19. Electronic Communications. We can only give you the benefits of our service
by conducting business through the Internet, and therefore we need you to
consent to our giving you Communications electronically. This Section 19
informs you of your rights when receiving Communications from us
electronically. For contractual purposes, you (i) consent to receive communications
from us in an electronic form; and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions,
agreements, notices, documents, disclosures, and other communications (“Communications”) that we
provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such Communications
would satisfy if they were in a print-on-paper writing. Your consent to receive
Communications and do business electronically, and our agreement to do so,
applies to all of your interactions and transactions with us. The foregoing
does not affect your non-waivable rights. You may also receive a copy of these
Terms of Use by accessing this Site. You may withdraw your consent to receive
Communications electronically by contacting us in the manner described below.
If you withdraw your consent, from that time forward, you must stop using the
Site and Services. The withdrawal of your consent will not affect the legal
validity and enforceability of any obligations or any electronic Communications
provided or business transacted between us prior to the time you withdraw your
consent. Please keep us informed of any changes in your email or mailing
address so that you continue to receive all Communications without
interruption.
20. Changes to Terms of Use. This Agreement is subject to occasional
revision, and if we make any substantial changes, we may notify you by sending
you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us (if any) and/or by
prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site. Any changes to this
agreement will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days
following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you (if applicable) or thirty
(30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site.
These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Site or
Services. You are responsible for providing us with your most current e-mail
address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is
not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice
described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will
nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
Continued use of our Site or Services following notice of such changes will
indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the
terms and conditions of such changes.
21. ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND JURY
TRIAL WAIVER, CLASS ACTION WAIVER, AND FORUM SELECTION CLAUSE
(a) Any and all
controversies, disputes, demands, counts, claims, or causes of action
(including the interpretation and scope of this clause, and the arbitrability
of the controversy, dispute, demand, count, claim, or cause of action) between
you and IceStore LLC or IceStore LLC employees, agents, successors, or
assigns, will exclusively be settled through binding and confidential
arbitration.
(b) Arbitration will be
subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The
arbitration will be conducted before one commercial arbitrator with substantial
experience in resolving commercial contract disputes from the American
Arbitration Association (“AAA”). As
modified by this Agreement, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in
writing, the arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration
Rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the Supplementary
Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively “Rules and
Procedures”).
(c) You are thus GIVING UP
YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights EXCEPT for matters that
may be taken to small claims court. Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL
ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury. You are entitled to a FAIR HEARING, BUT the
arbitration procedures are SIMPLER AND MORE LIMITED THAN RULES APPLICABLE IN
COURT. Arbitrator decisions are as enforceable as any court order and are
subject to VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT.
(d) You and IceStore LLC
must abide by the following rules: (i) ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR IceStore LLC MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTIES’ INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A
PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING;
(ii) THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, MAY NOT
OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND
MAY NOT AWARD CLASS-WIDE RELIEF, (iii) in the event that you are able to
demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to
costs of litigation, IceStore LLC will pay as much of your filing and hearing
fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to
prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to the cost of
litigation, (iv) IceStore LLC also reserves the right in its sole and
exclusive discretion to assume responsibility for all of the costs of the
arbitration; (v) the arbitrator will honor claims of privilege and privacy
recognized at law; (vi) the arbitration will be confidential, and neither you
nor we may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration,
except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcement of the
arbitration award; (vii) the arbitrator may award any individual relief or
individual remedies that are permitted by applicable law; and (viii) each side
pays its own attorneys’ fees and expenses unless there is a statutory provision
that requires the prevailing party to be paid its fees’ and litigation
expenses, and then in such instance, the fees and costs awarded will be
determined by the applicable law.
(e) Notwithstanding the
foregoing, either you or IceStore LLC may bring an individual action in small
claims court. Further, claims of defamation, violation of the Computer Fraud
and Abuse Act, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s
patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret will not be subject to this
arbitration agreement. Such claims will be exclusively brought in the state or
federal courts located in San
Francisco, California.
Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, either party may
seek emergency equitable relief before the state or federal courts located in San Francisco, California
in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration, and hereby agree to
submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within San Francisco, California
for such purpose. A request for interim measures will not be deemed a waiver of
the right to arbitrate.
(f) With the exception of
subparts 21 (a) and (b) in the paragraph 21. (d) above (prohibiting arbitration
on a class or collective basis), if any part of this arbitration provision is
deemed to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the
Rules and Procedures, then the balance of this arbitration provision will
remain in effect and will be construed in accordance with its terms as if the
invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting provision were not contained
herein. If, however, either subpart (a) or (b) is found to be invalid,
unenforceable or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision will
be null and void, and neither you nor IceStore LLC will be entitled to
arbitration. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in
arbitration, the dispute will be exclusively brought in state or federal court
in Los Angeles County, California.
22. Choice Of Law. The Agreement is made under and will be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, consistent with the Federal
Arbitration Act, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the
application of the law of another jurisdiction.
23. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between you and us regarding the use of the Site and Services. Our failure to
exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not operate
as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement
are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word
including means including, without limitation. If any provision of this
Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other
provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or
unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and
enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Your relationship to us is
that of an independent contractor, and neither party is an agent or partner of
the other. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be
assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without
IceStore LLC’s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment,
subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null
and void. The terms of this Agreement will be binding upon assignees.
24. Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2017 IceStore LLC. All rights
reserved. All trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed
on the Site are our property or the property of other third parties. You are
not permitted to use these Marks without our prior written consent or the
consent of such third party which may own the Marks.
25. SURVIVAL. Sections 3, 4, and 7 through 26, as well as any
other limitations on liability explicitly set forth herein and our proprietary
rights in and to the Site, Content provided by us, Our Technology and the
Services, will survive the expiration or termination of these Terms of Use for
any reason.
26. NOTICE;
VIOLATIONS. We
may give notice to you by email, a posting on the Site, or other reasonable
means. You must give notice to us in writing via email to service@icestore.com or as otherwise expressly provided.
Please report any violations of these Terms of Use to service@icestore.com.
About Us
Since
2001, IceStore offers the very highest quality GIA certified loose diamonds, yellow diamonds and fine jewelry at a fraction of the cost of traditional retail. Compare us to Tiffany & Co, Cartier, Harry Winston and get the same or better quality at a fraction of the price.
We are
dedicated to making this your most comfortable diamond and jewelry shopping experience ever.
Contact Info
Beverly Hills, CA.
service@icestore.com
800-697-1468
310-550-0307
Popular Products
Office Locations
Los Angeles
New York
Antwerp
Hong Kong
Shanghai
Tokyo
IceStore Simply Brilliant
© 2020 IceStore, llc. All rights reserved