http://www.usajewels.com/help/terms-of-use
Security Policy
Shipping Policy
30-Day Returns
Upgrade Policy
Sitemap
Type and hit enter...
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Welcome to USA Jewels ("site"). Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our site. Please note that your use of our site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those terms (the "Agreement").
Site Contents:
We may from time to time change the terms that govern your use of our site. Your use of our site following any such change constitutes your agreements to follow and be bound by terms as changed.
We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our site from time to time.
USA Jewels makes no representation that materials on the site, including merchandise offered for sale on the site and their trademarks, patents, and licensing arrangements, are appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States. Those who choose to access this site from other locations outside the US do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. With respects to shipments of merchandise to consumers, where ever they may reside, title to the merchandise shall pass to the buyer upon delivery of the merchandise to the common carrier.
Material from our "Site" may not be copied, downloaded, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any purpose other than your own personal, non-commercial, home use is a violation of the copyrights and other property rights held by USA Jewels or affiliated companies. The use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited.
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") which you see on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks USA Jewels , its affiliates, and others. Nothing on this site grants to you any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this site without the written permission of the owner of the trademark. Your use or misuse of the trademarks displayed on this site, or any other content on this site, is strictly prohibited.
User Comment, Feedback and other submissions.
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to USA Jewels on or by this site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this site (collectively, "comments") shall be and remain USA Jewels property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any comments shall constitute an assignment to USA Jewels worldwide rights, title and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the comments. Thus, USA Jewels will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. USA Jewels shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any user comments.
You agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will be to contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
You agree that USA Jewels may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the site in any manner that does not reveal your identity. By participating in site sweepstakes, contests, promotions, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you agree that USA Jewels may use your information for marketing and promotional purposes.
Communications to you
You agree that USA Jewels may send electronic mail to you for the purpose of advising you of changes or additions to this site, about any of USA Jewels products or services, or for such other purpose(s) as USA Jewels deems appropriate.
Diamond Information
Diamond carat weights (CT.) represents the approximate total weight (T.W) of all diamonds in each setting unless noted. Diamond solitaire weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.
Inaccuracy Disclaimer
From time to time there may be information on USA Jewels that contains typographical errors, in accuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice(including after you have submitted your order). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not completely satisfied with your USA Jewels purchase you may return it with your invoice. See our 30 day return policy.