http://www.myclaireburke.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
USD
Close menu
SHOP
CANDLES
Luxury Candles
Glass Filled Candles
Botanical Candles
Votives & Tealights
AIR FRESHENERS
Room Sprays
Electric Plugin's + Refills
Car Fresheners
DIFUSSERS & OILS
Reed Diffusers & Refills
Home Fragrance Oils
Simmering Oils
WAX MELTS
Wax Melts
Wax Warmer Units
SCENTED LUXURIES
Best-Sellers
Bundles
Potpourri
Scented Sachets
FRAGRANCES
CLASSIC COLLECTION
Original
Applejack & Peel
Sparkling Citron Verbena
Wild Cotton
Vanilla Bean
Fresh Royal Fir
Christmas Memories
Shop All
DIAMOND COLLECTION
Original Diamond
Lavender Balsam
Mandarin Musk
Sea Salt & Grapefruit
Shop All
FIND YOUR SCENT
Citrus
Floral
Fresh
Spicy
Woodsy
MOOD
The Minimalist
The Escapist
The Sensualist
The Tastemaker
The Home Dweller
SCENTED SCENES
Pillow Talk
Staycation
In the Kitchen
Summer Soiree
HOLIDAY SHOP
Gift Guides
Gift Guide 2020
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gift Cards
Holiday Scents
Christmas Memories
Fresh Royal Fir
Vanilla Bean
Shop All
Stocking Stuffers
Car Air Fresheners
Wax Melts
Shop All
Claire's Favorites
Fragrance Sachet
Boxed Candles
Potpourri Gift Sets
Gift Cards
SALE
STORE LOCATOR
ABOUT
Our Story
On the Blog
CONTACT
Become a Retailer
Shopping Support
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Cart
Close cart
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
USD
15% off first order with discount code: welcome15
Free Shipping Orders $65+
Home
/
Claire Burke Home Fragrance | Policy Privacy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, shared with agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site. We collect the domain name, email address of visitors to our Web page, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
We do NOT sell your personal information to any outside companies or organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings and email solicitation from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at custservice@claireburke.com.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial we redirect visitors to a secure server.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the below addresses or phone number.
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: custservice@claireburke.comBy Phone: 1-470-639-1319
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Get 15% off your first order
Join now and enjoy 15% off your first order when you sign up for emails. *Sniff-worthy 15% off code will be sent to your email*
No thanks
"Close (esc)"
CAD
EUR
MXN
USD
"Close (esc)"
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"