https://www.bigfeetpjs.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Privacy Policy for Big Feet Pajama Company Your privacy is important to us. Big Feet Pjs is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will never share your personal information with anyone for any reason without your explicit permission. Our Commitment to your Privacy Your privacy is important to us. Big Feet Pjs is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will never share your personal information with anyone for any reason without your explicit permission. Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated as you make full use of our many offerings. By using the Big Feet Pjs Web site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do make changes, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use it, and to whom we may disclose it. You should review this Privacy Policy from time to time to make certain that you remain up to date in the event changes to this Privacy Policy are made. Information We Collect Any information submitted by you will be used only to process orders and improve our products and services. Under no circumstance will we rent, sell, or share any information provided by you to any third party without your permission. Big Feet Pjs collects information in several ways from different parts of our Web site. Some information is gathered when you register for ongoing promotions. During registration, Big Feet Pjs asks for some personal information. The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is), the better able we are to customize your experience. In addition to registration, we may ask you for information at other times, for example in connection with a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by Big Feet Pjs. Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with you when necessary. You choose whether to participate in such events. If you do participate, you will share certain information with us. Big Feet Pjs also occasionally asks users to complete surveys that we use for research purposes. Again, your participation in such surveys is voluntary. If you contact Big Feet Pjs to report a problem with our site or our services, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also gather certain information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Wherever Big Feet Pjs collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. The Use Of Cookies "Cookies" are small text files that are used to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies are not used to run programs and do not deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to decline all cookies. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. If you choose to decline cookies, your Web browser will be directed to a message suggesting that you upgrade your browser to a recommended version. You will not be able to view information on our Web site properly if you decline cookies. Generally We Use Cookies To: Remind us who you are during your online session. Process the items in your shopping cart. Track your entries, submissions, and status in some of our sweepstakes, contests and promotions. How Information Is Used Big Feet Pjs' primary goal in collecting information is to provide you with the best personalized services. When you are on the Big Feet Pjs Web site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Big Feet Pjs alone. Big Feet Pjs does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
(a) to protect the security of our Web site and our rights as set forth in our Terms and Conditions, (b) in response to legal process or proceedings, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims (c) when we believe in good faith that the law requires such action (d) to a trusted partner who works with or on behalf of Big Feet Pjs, provided that such partner delivers to us a confidentiality agreement confirming to us that they do not have an independent right to share this information with others, or (e) in connection with a sale of our business or company.
Our Web site may contain links to other, third-party Web sites. Even if a relationship may exist between such a third-party and Big Feet Pjs, Big Feet Pjs exercises no authority over, and does not control linked sites, so that if you click on one of these links, you will be leaving our Web site and entering another Web site. These linked Web sites will maintain independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures, and Big Feet Pjs assumes no responsibility or liability for these independent Web sites or their particular policies and procedures. These links are provided for your convenience, and as such, you access them at your own risk. Big Feet Pjs recommends that you carefully review the privacy and data collection policies and procedures of any linked site that you may visit, because those policies and procedures may be very different from our own. Maintaining Your Privacy And Managing Your Information You have choices about how the information you have provided us may be used by us. You can direct us to have your name and address removed from our mailing list. Should you choose this option, you will not receive any future communications from either Big Feet Pjs. You may opt out of receiving such future communications by sending an email to info@bigfeetpjs.com, stating your request to be removed from our lists. Security And Safeguarding Your Information We are committed to safeguarding your information. We utilize the full range of the best security technology available, and we continually assess new technology for protecting your information. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Additional Questions If you have additional questions or comments regarding this policy, please send them via email to info@bigfeetpjs.com with the words "Privacy Policy" in the subject line.
Copyright © 2020 Big Feet Pajama Co. | Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software by Miva Merchant
LINKS×