https://www.envelopemall.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Envelope Equipment for saleEnvelope Converting MachinesPrinting PressesBindery EquipmentLetter Press Equipment
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site,  place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information to process your order securely thru the Authorize.net secured system.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) To improve our website,we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails if you choose to subscribe to our newsletter. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an orderWe offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers (Authorize.net) database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.CookiesCookies are small files that our site transfers to your computer through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables our site to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will send an email notifying you of any changes.
Copyright © 1997-2020 Envelopemall.com. All Rights Reserved.