https://www.coftoncollections.net/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Benham
Bradbury
Buckingham Covers
Cotswold Covers
Cricket Covers
Meter Mark First Day Covers
Commemorative Covers
First Day Covers
Cigarette Cards
Trade Cards
Postcards
Trading Cards
Accessories
Books
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
(1) Credit
This document was created using a template sourced from www.seqlegal.com
(2) What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views & website navigation.
(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods.
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, address & email address.)
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters.
(e) any other information that you choose to send to us.
(3) Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use only "session" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; keep track of items in your shopping basket; prevent fraud and increase website security.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Our payment services providers may also send you cookies.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block All Cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
(4) Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d) send you goods purchased via the website, and supply to you services purchased via the website;
(e) send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;
(f) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(g) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(h) send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (and you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(i) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(j) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
(k) keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
(l) verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of the website; We will not under any circumstances provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing. All our website financial transactions are handled through our payment services provider, PayPal. You can review the PayPal privacy policy at www.paypal.com. We will share information with PayPal only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
(5) Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(6) Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password- and firewall-protected servers.
All payments for electronic transactions entered into via the website will be processed via Paypal’s servers. We will not store nor will we have no access to any sensitive financial information whatsoever.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
If you have chosen to register, you are responsible for keeping your password and other login details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
(7) Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the payment of a fee currently fixed at GBP 10; and
(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to us. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
(9) Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11) Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact:
cards@coftoncollections.co.uk
or by post to:
1103 Bristol Road South, Northfield, Birmingham, B31 2QP, UK
(12) Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Joe Brannan.
Home
::
Contact Us
::
Terms & Conditions
::
Shipping & Returns
::
Privacy
::
All Products
::
Advanced Search
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 Cofton Collections. Powered by Zen Cart. Site by George Murcott