http://www.polana.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Pierogi
Gluten Free Pierogi
Classic Pierogi Packages
Classic Leafy/Veggie Pierogi
Classic Meat Pierogi
Classic Fruit Pierogi
Deli
Stuffed Cabbage
Gluten Free Stuffed Cabbage
Potato Pancakes
Croquettes
Blintzes
Red Borscht
Sauerkraut w/Mushroom
Meat
Fresh Sausage
Blood sausage
Grilled Sausage
Smoked Sausage
Head Cheese and Pate
Ham & Bacon
Sliced Deli Meats
Meat Packages
Bakery
Bread
Gluten Free Bread
Cheescakes
Coffee Cakes
Gluten Free Cakes
Paczki
Angel Wings & Kolaczki
Groceries
Condiments
Instant Soups
Sweets
Teas
Jams
Noodles
!!! CHRISTMAS DEALS !!!
!!! GLUTEN FREE !!!
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out Polana.com uses and protects any information that you give Polana.com when you use this website. Polana.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Polana.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What do we collect?
- full name- contact information including email address- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests- other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers*For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.What do we with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping.- We may use the information to improve our products and services.- We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided and opted in.- From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not store your debit/credit card information.How do we use cookies?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:- whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes- if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@polana.com- we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 3450 N. Kostner Ave Chicago, IL 60641 or contact us via email: info@polana.com.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to 3450 N. Kostner Ave Chicago, IL 60641 or contact us via email info@polana.com as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Polana.com / Polishfood.com - Sausage Pierogi & More. Delivered To Your Door. Nationwide. © 2020 Polana.com. All Rights Reserved.