https://www.astopwatch.co.uk/info/privacy-policy.asp
MenuHome
Activity
Activity Home Page
Stopwatches By Activity
We are the leading stopwatch specialists with over 40 years experience in the design, selection and manufacture of stopwatches.
If you are looking for a stopwatch you need look no further than FASTIME. Our stopwatches support a wide range of activities; from motorsport to fitness.
We also provide individual video tutorials and downloadable instructions for most of our products.
We ship worldwide. We provide Reliable Stopwatches - Speedy Service.
Motorsport
Motorsport
Circuit Racing
Rally
Karting
Motorcycle Racing Stopwatches
We have a complete range of stopwatches to cover all types of Motorsport. For Circuit Racing stopwatches the Fastime 10 stopwatch is unbeatable because of its easy to use one button any time data ...
Team Sport
Team Sport
Referee
Football
Hockey
Baseball
Basketball
Volleyball
Ice Hockey
Netball
Rugby
Coaching
This is our range of stopwatches for team sports. We recommend the Fastime 3 Event Stopwatch or the Fastime 24 Event Stopwatch. They both have just the basic functions of ...
Individual Pursuits
Individual Pursuits
Cycling
Walking Stopwatches
Orienteering
Cross Country
Archery
Dog Racing
Almost all of our stopwatches are suitable for timing individual pursuits activities. So we have listed a selection here for you to choose from. A popular  Individual Pursuits ...
Fitness
Fitness
Training
Work Out
Running
Introducing our selection of fitness stopwatches, suitable for a variety of fitness activities including running, training and working out.
We pride ourselves in offering great value for money, with ...
Swimming
Swimming
For a stopwatch to be suitable for serious swimming timing and coaching, it needs to be able to time in minutes, seconds and 1/100th second. Ideally it also needs to be water resistant. A memory ...
Watersports
Watersports
Sailing
Rowing
Yachting
This is our range of stopwatches and watches for watersport. They are all waterresistant or waterproof to various depths. For sailing our FASTIME RW3 Sailing watch is ideal. It has a large display, ...
Aviation
Aviation
Microlight
Aviation Watch Displays
The Fastime RW3 aviation watch functions were designed by a qualified pilot. It has 9 preselectable displays so that you can configure your own watch with only the displays you want to see. These ...
Track and Field
Track and Field
Athletics
Track Running
This is our range of Stopwatches suitable for Track and Field events which includes running jumping and throwing. Our Track and Field Stopwatches can be used for training or timing of events. We ...
Educational
Educational
Children's
Our most popular stopwatch in this sector is the Fastime 01 Basic function stopwatch. available in a black, red, blue, yellow, green and white. Ideal for children to use with large display digits. ...
Equestrian
Equestrian
Horse Racing Stopwatches
For serious Equestrian eventing we recommend the Fastime 11 Equestrian stopwatch because it has a large easy to read display and can be worn on the wrist.
Have a look at the Fastime 14 ...
Scientific
Scientific
For serious scientific timing we recommend the Fastime 14 Scientific stopwatch if you want to store a series of split and cumulative times in memory as segments. This means you do not have to recall ...
Work Study Stopwatches
Work Study Stopwatches
Stopwatches for this function time to 1/100th of a minute.
Have a look at our competitively priced Fastime 500DM 500 memory decimal minute stopwatch. Ideal for all types of work study measurement, ...
Function
Function Home Page
Memory Stopwatches
Non-memory Stopwatches
Countdown Stopwatches
Stroke Rate Stopwatches
Pacer Stopwatches
Backlight Stopwatches
Data Download to a PC
Decimal Minute Stopwatch
Wrist Stopwatches
Time Out Stopwatches
Silent Stopwatches
Cumulative Split Stopwatches
Lap Split Stopwatches
Waterproof - Water Resistant
Freeze Time of Day Stopwatches
Preset Start Option Stopwatches
Multiple Timing Stopwatches
Speed Conversion Stopwatches
Counts Seconds Only
Price
Stopwatches for under £10
Stopwatches between £11-
£20
Stopwatches between £21- £30
Stopwatches between £31- £50
Stopwatches over £50
Stopwatch offers
Promotional Stopwatches
Best Selling Stopwatches
Rally Watches
Rally Watches Home Page
Complete Range of Fastime Copilote Rally Watches
Fastime Copilote WRC World Champion Limited Edition Range
Fastime Copilote Rallywatch Instructions
Fastime Copilote Rally Watch Screen Layouts
Fastime Copilote Rally Watch Battery Replacement
Trade
Tel: 07483 134796Click here to email us
CurrencyUSD
£ GBP$ USD€ EUR
Language
EnglishFrench
Home HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AST Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
If you have indicated in any of the relevant areas of our site that you agree to our policies, you will be consenting to the practises outlined below.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
1. Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
1.1 Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on https://www.astopwatch.co.uk/ (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order on our site, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information.
1.2 Information we collect
With regard to each of your subsequent visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information;
(a) technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
(b) information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
1.3 Information we receive
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies). We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
2. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
3. What we do with this information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
3.1 Information you give us
(a) to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
(b) to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
(c) to provide you, or permitted third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (email or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. We will contact you by electronic means only, using the information that you have supplied us previously;
(d) to notify you about changes to our service;
(e) to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
3.2 Information we collect
We will use this information;
(a) to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
(b) to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
(c) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
(d) to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
(e) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
3.3 Information we receive
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
4. Disclosure of your information
4.1 You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with;
(a) Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
4.2 Selected third parties including;
(a) business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
(b) advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience;
(c) analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
(d) credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
4.3 We will disclose your personal information to third parties;
(a) in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
(b) if AST Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
(c) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of AST Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
5. Data Collection
5.1 General
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with AST Limited or an affiliated company. AST Limited and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
5.2 Website Visitors
By indicating that you agree to our policies, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. We will seek your explicit consent to process Personal Data collected on this website or volunteered by you. Kindly note that any consent will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your Personal Data, the use of this website may not be possible.
AST Limited may collect, record and analyze information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. AST Limited gathers data about visits to the website, including numbers of Visitors and visits, Geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where Visitors have come from.
5.3 Retention and Deletion
AST Limited will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. You may request a copy of all the information we hold, but you must be able to provide proof of identification and ownership of the given account. This information will then be sent via email to, and only to, the email we have on record for that account.
You may request that all your Personal Data collected through the website is deleted, as required by applicable law. This will be carried out within a month of receiving the initial request. If we refuse your request, we will let you know well within the initial month and provide you with reasons as to why your request was denied.
6. Data Security
6.1 Physical Security
Our web server is housed in an Impact Level 5 (IL5) rated facility with 24/7 on-site security officers, CCTV and robust physical security. All key members of staff at this facility undergo Government SC clearance (National Security Vetting) and Metropolitan Police Vetting certification (NPPV).
6.2 Power and Resilience
The data centre is equipped with state-of-the-art power management, resilient fire suppression systems and Very Early Smoke Detection Apparatus (VESDA). Your data and equipment is safeguarded against loss through power failure by N+1 UPS systems and N+1 diesel backup generators.
6.3 Round the Clock Monitoring
Security related metrics are monitored constantly, both hardware and network, to ensure the systems perform to the highest standards 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
7. Your Rights
7.1 The right to be informed
You will be informed about the collection and use of your personal data in the relevant areas of our site; ie. contact forms etc.
7.2 The right of access
You have the right to access your personal data that we store, and any supplementary information. The right of access allows individuals to be aware of and verify the lawfulness of the processing.
7.3 The right to rectification
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, or completed if it is incomplete. You can request this rectification verbally or in writing, and we will respond within the allowed one calendar month. In certain circumstances, we may refuse a request for rectification, at which point we will inform you as to why your request was denied.
7.4 The right to erasure
You have the right to request that your personal data is erased. You can make this request either verbally or in writing. As with the right to rectification, we will respond to your request within the allowed one calendar month. However, this right is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances.
7.5 The right to restrict processing
You have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your personal data. This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances. When processing is restricted, we retain the right to store the personal data, but not to use it. The request to restrict processing can be made either verbally or in writing, and will respond within the allowed one calendar month.
7.6 The right to data portability
This allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. It allows you to move, copy or transfer data easily from on IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
7.7 The right to object
You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority, direct marketing, and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
8. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
9. Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@astopwatch.co.uk or AST Limited, Unit 2, Tanyard House, 37 High Street, Measham, Swadlincote, Derbyshire, England DE12 7HR.
Quick Links
The Stopwatch Specialists
Terms & Conditions
Delivery Details
Wholesale Stopwatches
Contact Us
Stopwatch Reviews
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Site Map
Stopwatches
Stopwatches
Stopwatches By Activity
Stopwatches By Function
Stopwatches By Price
Stopwatches By Model
Rallywatch
Fastime Copilote Rallywatch
Sports Watches
Sports Watches By Activity
Sports Watches By Function
Sports Watches By Price
Stopwatches By Activity
Motorsport Stopwatches
Team Sport Stopwatches
Individual Pursuits Stopwatches
Fitness Stopwatches
Swimming Stopwatches
Watersports Stopwatches
Aviation Stopwatches
Track and Field Stopwatches
Educational Stopwatches
Equestrian Stopwatches
Scientific Stopwatches
Work Study Stopwatches
Contact Us
AST Limited
Unit 2, Tanyard House,
37 High Street
Measham
Swadlincote,
Derbyshire, England
DE12 7HR
Office Hours: 10:00 - 16:00
Tel: +44 (0)7483 134796
Company No.: 1534489
Youtube
Facebook
Instagram
© 2020 - AST Limited.
Cookie Notice: This website does not store personal data in cookies. More info ...
I'm fine with this