https://www.taichiproductions.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Switch to the US site
My Account
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
DVDs
All DVDs
Tai Chi for Arthritis
Tai Chi for Health
Beginners DVDs
Intermediate DVDs
Advanced DVDs
Other DVDs
Digital Products
All Digital Products
Online Streaming Tai Chi Lessons
Tai Chi Music MP3
Tai Chi eBooks
Music
Tai Chi Music CDs
Tai Chi Music MP3
Books
Clothing
Exercise Charts
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
Reviews
Tai Chi for Health Institute
Tai Chi for Health Institute
Workshops
Instructors
Newsletters
Categories
Tai Chi DVDs
Tai Chi DVDs - For Health
Tai Chi DVDs - For Arthritis
Tai Chi DVDs - Beginners
Tai Chi DVDs - Intermediate
Tai Chi DVDs - Advanced
Tai Chi DVDs - Other
Digital Products
Online Streaming Tai Chi Lessons
Tai Chi eBooks
Tai Chi Music
Tai Chi Music CDs
Tai Chi Music MP3
Tai Chi Books
Tai Chi Exercise Charts
All Products
Tai Chi Clothing
Specials
Newsletter Sign-up
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is our privacy policy and, if you landed here, it means that you want to learn how we process your personal data at:
Tai Chi Productionswww.taichiproductions.comservice@taichiproductions.com6 Fisher Pl, Narwee NSW 2209
and how we protect your privacy.
Essential information we collect
In operating our store, it is essential for us to capture some information about your device, such as your IP address and information related to your visit when you browse our store. For example, this might include time-stamp, the last page or product you visited, the indication that you logged in.
We do that in order to:
remember who you are after you log in so that you do not need to authenticate at each click;
monitor if our website is running with the high performance we are dedicated to providing;
let you browse between products without having to start back from the home page at each click;
remember if you put something in your shopping cart before you decide to checkout; and
control that your data is processed securely.
We call the information mentioned above “essential information” and we collect it through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that most websites uses. A website places cookies in the web browser and then reads the information collected through the cookies every time the user performs an action. We use cookies. Without enabling this mechanism and this kind of cookies(first-party cookies), we could not provide you with the smooth experience that you expect while you are navigating.Order information you expressly provide
If you buy something from our store, we will need more specific information about you. To fully process your order and ship the merchandise you selected, we need your personal data such as your first and last name, your email address and your shipping and billing address. We also use your contact and order information to send you communication related to the processing of your order. We will ask you to provide this information in our “checkout page” before letting you finalize your purchase with the payment.Accounts
You can sign up for an account if you’d like. This confirms your interest in our store, and we will remember your information and, when you decide to buy our products, you do not have to provide all of your information over again - you just have to log-in. Before registering your account, we will ask you to expressly provide your consent to this privacy policy. Only if you give us your consent, we will open your account. We also you the possibility to easily withdraw your consent and delete your account. Justconnect with us at service@taichiproductions.com
Partial Purchases
If you have started to buy one of our products, but have not completed the purchase, you may have provided partial information, such as your email. In that case, we might send you an email to remind you about your interest. If you are not comfortable in receiving further emails of this kind, we will give you a simple opportunity to opt-out. Your privacy means a lot to us and we will stop sending you these communications right away.
Reviews
If you have completed a purchase, we will send you an email to ask you to review the product you bought. We want to be sure that whether you love your purchase or have a complaint, you can share your opinion with other customers.Personalization
We also use some specific information related to your visit, such as the timestamp of your visit, the page or the product you viewed, where you are coming from (if you came to our store because you clicked on an advertisement or you just opened our direct link). This is very similar to the “essential information,” but we use it to provide you with a personalized experience. Theinformation on your visit provides us with insights on your interests and allows us to send you relevant communications, to provide social media features and to analyse traffic to the site. We capture this information through cookies, called a "beacon," that we allow you to block. We use technologies, such as cookies, to customise content and advertising. We also share information about your use of our site with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Other uses of personal data
If you opt-in to our database to receive our newsletter and other marketing communications, we will add your email address to our database and will email you information and marketing material on a regular basis. You may opt out at any time by scrolling to the bottom of any of these emails and clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link.
How do we process your information?
We use an external provider to run our store, BigCommerce. BigCommerce is based in the US and is a participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and committed to providing best-in-classservice and data protection. You can check its participation in the Privacy Shield here on the official site of The International Trade Administration (ITA), U.S. Department of Commerce.Through BigCommerce, we also use other, highly specialized external providers to provide the most competitive services. For example:
Payment: Our store is PCI-DSS compliant (a very strict industry standard with requirements for the security of credit card information), and we use accredited companies to process your credit card information.
Shipping: We integrate with a number of shipping companies to fulfill your orders.
Partnering with highly specialized external companies allows us to focus on what we do best: selling great products.
How can you control your personal data?
If you are one of our customers who is in the EU, and we are specifically selling our products to the Member State where you are located, you have specific rights that we are honored to enforce without undue delay: Access, Correct, Erasure, Port, Object. If you cannot exercise your choice on your account page or if you do not have an account with us, please reach out to us, at service@taichiproductions.com. We will be more than happy to help.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep your data for as long as you have an account with us. We may also keep some data for security investigation. Most importantly, we have specific obligations for fraud detection and tax reasons. Therefore, we might need to retain certain data even if you ask to delete it.
Who can you reach out to for privacy matters?
You can contact us at service@taichiproductions.comAny update?If we update our Privacy Policy to reflect a change or improvement of our services or a new legal obligation, we will publish the new version on our website at https://www.taichiproductions.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Sitemap
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Privacy
Security
Disclaimer
All prices are in AUD
© 2020 Tai Chi Productions.
Sitemap
Custom BigCommerce Templates by Madwire Media†.
INTERNATIONAL SITE
Australia/NZ
United Kingdom
Rest of the World
U.S. SITE
United States
Canada
Mexico