http://www.thehardtopshop.com/privacy-policy
Welcome to Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop!
Default Store View
Theme2
Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop!
Search:
Search
Login
Login
Log in
Forgot Your Password?
My Account
My Cart
0
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Home
Categories
Hardtop Restoration
Window Glass Assembly Restoration
Front Windshield Assembly
Door Glass Assembly
Stainless Steel Restoration
68-75 Corvette
63-67 Corvette
56-62 Corvette
Hardtop Repair Kits
Lift System
Window Glass
Hardtop Purchase
Parts
Stainless Combos
Hardtop Accessories
Hardtop Components
Hardware
Headliners
Interior Moldings
Retainer Clips
Rubber Products
Stainless Moldings
Trim Retainers
Windows
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop, Inc. Company (referred to as Glassworks in this document) is committed to protecting your privacy and protecting your online shopping experience. We utilize the information we collect from you to process orders and to ensure the best online Corvette shopping experience available. The following paragraphs outline how your information is collected, protected, and used.
Protecting Your Information
Glassworks maintains security measures to protect your personal information stored on our systems. All user information is stored on secure networks that are only accessible by a limited number of employees who have agreed to comply with our company policy on privacy and security. All registration and order information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technologyPlease be sure that your browser is SSL-enabled. We recommend Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 and higher or Netscape Navigator 4.0 and higher. For optimum security you should always upgrade your browser software to the latest version available.
Pricing
While we try to ensure accuracy, we reserve the right to correct any errors in pricing or descriptions, and to cancel or refuse to accept any order based on an incorrect price or description. Such corrections may be made even after an order is accepted.
Sales Tax
Glassworks charges sales tax on orders (based on the destination of the order) in accordance with state and local tax laws. Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop, Inc. has a business "presence" in Pennsylvania, therefore we are required to charge sales tax based on the tax laws of that state.
Policy
Glassworks maintains the rights to change, update, or modify this policy statement at any time. All changes will be reflected on this page and it is the customer's responsibility to review this page and to be aware of any changes to the privacy policy.
Limited Warranty
Glassworks will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused by delays, failures or other consequential damage, nor for labor, transportation or any other charges incurred in the replacement or repair of a defective item.
No Hassle Returns
If, for any reason, you are unhappy with an item, return the item within 30 days of purchase for an immediate exchange or refund. If you are ever less than satisfied, call our Customer Service Department at 1-877-VET-TOPS. We are committed to meeting your needs.
Promotions and Specials.
Promotional and special offers are available for a limited time only. We reserve the right to end any sale or promotion at any time without prior notice.
Product Promotions and Discounts
Discounts will appear in the shopping cart. Discounts do not apply to already discounted items, sale items, new lower price items, sets, wholesale accounts, Restoration Services, and Special Order Parts cannot be combined with other offers, including 'free' offers. All orders are subject to verification. Discount is not valid on prior purchases and cannot be combined with any other discounts. Other exceptions may apply.
Shipping Promotions
Shipping promotions will appear at checkout. Free shipping applies to Ground (standard) shipping and select products only. To qualify, your order must be shipped within the continental United States and purchase total must equal or exceed minimum amount specified. Orders will ship when entire order is ready. Normal shipping fees will apply to products not included in the promotion. Oversize shipments are subject to additional charges. Void where prohibited.
Sale or Clearance Pricing
Item availability is limited to stock on hand and can be discontinued at any time. Adding an item to your cart does not guarantee the price and it may change while in your cart. When an item goes out of stock, we remove the item from our website as soon as possible; sometimes there may be a slight delay. We will notify you if you placed an order with an item that is no longer available. Some of these items come back into stock, while others are closeouts and are gone forever.
Compare Products
You have no items to compare.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Community Poll
What is your favorite Corvette Years
56-62 Corvette
63-67 Corvette
68-75 Corvette
Vote
Information
Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop!115 Main St, Imperial, PA 15126
Toll Free: 877-VET-TOPSLocal: 724-457-0680
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policies
About Ordering
FAQ's
Shipping & Handling
Return Policy
Our Services
Top Restoration
Stay Connected
Sign up for our newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs (ver. 1.9.4.0)
© 2013 Glassworks, The Hardtop Shop!
All Rights Reserved.
Designed by ocreations
|
Web Developing by Drift2 Web Services