https://www.basketmakerscatalog.com/ps/content/2-legal-notice
Books, CDs, DVDs, eBooks Books DVDs and CDs eBooks Willow Books and DVDs Chair Seating Supplies Books and Booklets Cane Webbing & Spline Caning Tools Chair Cane by the Coil Chair Cane by the Foot Danish Cord Fiber Rush, Paper Splint and Sea Grass Hickory Bark Pressed Fiber Seats Shaker Tape Beige Shaker Tape Black Shaker Tape Blue Shaker Tape Sandy Taupe Shaker Tape Butternut Brown Shaker Tape Cranberry Shaker Tape Chocolate Brown Shaker Tape Teal Shaker Tape Hunter Green Shaker Tape Indian Red Shaker Tape Natural Shaker Tape Navy Shaker Tape Olive Drab Shaker Tape Raffia Shaker Tape Red Shaker Tape Red Stripe Shaker Tape Olive Drab Stripe Shaker Tape Foam and Sample Shaker Tape Card Cotton Webbing Harvest Gold Cotton Webbing Rose Garden Cotton Webbing Lilac Cotton Webbing Sky Blue Cotton Webbing Spring Green Cotton Webbing Wheat Cotton Webbing Lime Cotton Webbing Grass Green Cotton Webbing Foam for Chair and Stool Seats Flat Reed for Chairs Braided Round Reed Basket Making Classes Specials - Items On Sale! Basket Supply Calculator Dyes Free On-Line Instructions Gourds Handles and Hoops Bushel Handles - Side Handle - Feet Handle Fillers Leather Handles Market 'D' Handles Notched Handles Oval - Rectangular - Square - Half 'D' Hoops Round Hoops Swing Handles Wire Hangers Helpful Hints How To Videos Jewelry Silver Jewelry Kits Basket kits Basket Kits in Quantity Footstool Kit Holiday Basket Kits Miscellaneous Note Cards, Etc. Nantucket Supplies Nantucket Round Supplies Round Nantucket Molds Round Nantucket Bottoms Round Nantucket Handles Nantucket Purse/Oval Supplies Nantucket Kits Nantucket Accessories Drill Bits Pins - Washers - Knobs - Etc. New Products Ash Splints Patterns Basket Patterns Birdhouse Patterns Chair Seating Patterns Pine Needles - Sweetgrass - Raffia - Etc. Pine Needle Books Nylon Thread and Sinew Pine Needles..... Raffia Wire Shapes & Bases Reed Dyed Reed Amish Blue Aqua Marine Black Burgundy Cherry Cocoa Brown Denim Dusty Rose Forest Green Green Lemon Lilac Moss Green Mulberry Multi Colors Navy Blue Oak Paprika Peach Sage Green Sky Blue Variegated Colors Violet Walnut Reed by the Foot Flat Oval Reed by the Foot Flat Reed by the Foot Half Round Reed by the Foot Round Reed by the Foot Smoked Reed by the Foot Reed by the Pound Flat Oval Reed by the Pound Flat Reed by the Pound Half Round Reed by the Pound Round Reed by the Pound Smoked Reed by the Pound Retired Products Sea Grass Stain Tools Caning Tools Clamps, Sanding Knives and Carving Miscellaneous Tools Olfa - Cutters, Mats Etc. Recommended Tools for Beginners Scissors, Shears, Etc. Weave Rite Waxed Linen Waxed Linen 2-Ply Waxed Linen 3-Ply Waxed Linen 4-Ply Waxed Linen 7-Ply Waxed Linen 12-Ply Wooden Bases Drilled Base Slotted Bases
> Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy StatementThis is the web site of GH Productions Inc. The Basket Maker's Catalog Our postal address is: PO Box 621 Scottsville, KY 42164 We can be reached via e-mail at mail@basketmakerscatalog.com. Or you can reach us by telephone at 1-270-237-4821.We do collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail. The e-mail information we collect is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future. You may also choose not to receive e-mail sale information from us by clicking the "No" radio button when you request your FREE Catalog of Basket Making and Chair Caning Supplies. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Also you may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by sending e-mail to us at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number or writing to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations. Thank you from GH Productions Inc.