http://www.antlerchandelier.net/about/privacy-policy
Call Us 800.975.4214
Antler Chandelier
Home
Photo Gallery
Deer Chandeliers
Antler Lighting
Antler Lamps
Contacts
Categories
Real Antler Chandeliers
Small-Med Chandeliers
Large Antler Chandeliers
XL Antler Chandeliers
Reproduction Antler Chandeliers
Small-Med Chandeliers
Large Antler Chandeliers
XL Antler Chandeliers
Antler Sconces
Pool Table Antler Chandeliers
Antler Ceiling Fans
Antler Lamps
Antler Furniture
On Sale Today
Testimonials
We Accept
Contact
Phone: 800-975-4214
E-mail: antlerlighting@gmail.com
Use this contact form to email us
Click here to leave feedback and enter to win a chandelier.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy of Information
Thank you for visiting Antler Chandelier Shop, the best place for antler chandeliers and all your antler lighting needs!
Because of the commitment to the privacy of its users, Antler Chandelier Shop’ website refrains from obtaining personal information from users without their explicit consent.
Antler Chandelier Shop does not distribute, sell or rent any personal information collected. This is also true for personal information (for example, email and postal addresses) sent to the website’s email address. Antler Chandelier Shop does not send unsolicited emails to users of its site. Any transmission of personal information entered via the site’s email requests for more product information or feedback feature is protected by security measures.
Antler Chandelier Shop limits access to personal information to those employees of our’s who need it to fulfill their business responsibilities and are subject to our contractual requirements to ensure that sensitive personal information is safeguarded.
Security is a priority. We employ appropriate measures to protect consumer information against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
© 2010 Antler Chandelier Shop.
Payment / Shipping Information
Privacy Policy |
Return Policy |
Terms and Conditions