https://www.swisstrax.com/about/swisstrax-privacy-policy/
Home / All Posts / About Swisstrax Premium Flooring Tiles / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact Swisstrax, Inc. www.swisstrax.comSwisstrax, Inc.® Incorporated (“Swisstrax, Inc.”) has the following Privacy Policy with respect to information gathered on Web pages hosted by Swisstrax, Inc. (“Service Pages”). Such information is received by both Swisstrax, Inc. and the owner of the Web site through which you may have requested Swisstrax, Inc. services (the “Client”). You should contact the Client to determine the privacy policy, if any, that applies to the Client’s collection and use of such information. However, in no event shall Swisstrax, Inc. be liable for the Client’s use or disclosure of such information.
The terms “we” and “us” refer to Swisstrax, Inc..
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected on the Swisstrax, Inc. Web site or submitted to Swisstrax, Inc. at any time through any Service Pages.
Personally Identifiable Information-When visiting Swisstrax, Inc.’s or any Client’s Web site and signing up for or using Swisstrax, Inc. services through any Service Page, you may choose to supply Swisstrax, Inc. with information that identifies you personally. For End-Users, this information may include your name and contact information, gender, occupation and industry, shipping and billing information, credit card numbers and other payment information, behavior patterns, purchase history, and other information. For Clients, this information may include the Client’s name and contact information, the Client’s Web site information (name, URL, visitors per day, page views per month, description, categorization), payment information (check payee, SSN/Tax ID, bank information), and user comments. We also collect prospect information from our End-Users, which may include name and contact information of individual(s) you think would be interested in our services.
Aggregate Information—We collect non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site and services, and share the aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties.
Each of Swisstrax, Inc.’s Clients has access to information specific only to that Client’s site(s). Each Client will determine what it will do with the collected information; however, each Client has individually agreed to abide by this Privacy Policy and the Swisstrax, Inc. End-User Agreement.
Collection of Personal Information from Children under Thirteen
Swisstrax, Inc. does not allow children known to be under the age of thirteen (13) to register for our services. We may momentarily capture personally identifiable information for purposes of determining whether a user is over the age of thirteen (13) and thus qualifies to use our services. Where the user is under the age of thirteen (13), such information is automatically deleted.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself or others to complete the transaction for which the information is intended. Such transactions may include: administering a service, such as email, search, advertising sales, ecommerce; completing an order; shipping a product; replying to support requests; or contacting you if you have granted us permission to do so. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy and the End-User Agreement, we do not share this information with outside parties without your permission except to the extent that is necessary to administer the services we offer our Clients and End-Users or to comply in responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal proceedings.
In order to improve the quality of our service, we may also share this information with our security partners. We may also share new messages addressed to terminated accounts and messages reported as spam by our users. This information will not be used for any other purposes by us or our partners. Aggregate data may be used for other purposes as long as personal identifiable recipient information is not disclosed.
From time to time, we also use the information you provide about yourself or others to inform you of additions or improvements to the Swisstrax, Inc. services as well as conduct member surveys in order to improve our services. These communications will only be sent to the administrative account.
We may also use personally identifiable End-User information to provide targeted content and commerce opportunities to End-Users based on their demographic and behavioral information.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways or for reasons unrelated to the ones described above without also providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us online or via postal mail:82579 Fleming Way, Unit A Indio, CA 92201.
Email, and Search Specific Terms and Conditions
Swisstrax, Inc. considers email transmitted via our service to be private correspondence between the sender and recipient. Therefore, we will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your private communications, except for reasons provided.
Content posted to public community areas is publicly available, and Swisstrax, Inc. reserves the right to remove any publicly posted content that it deems to be objectionable.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions about our privacy policy or terms please contact us below.
Web Site
First Name *
Last Name *
Email *
Phone
State *
- Select Province/State -
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
====================
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Message
Subscribe to receive news, sales and promotions. *
STAY IN TOUCH
Swisstrax ©
All Rights Reserved													Terms of Use
and							Privacy Policy
Holiday Spectacular Sales Event | Free Shipping* On All Orders
20% OFF on all Tile. Use Promo Code: XMASTILE20
20% OFF Double Car Mats Use Promo Code: XMASDC20  | 25% OFF Single Car Mats Use Promo Code: XMASCP25
30% OFF on all  Motorcycle Mats Use Promo Code: XMASMP30  | 30% OFF Parking Guides Use Promo Code: XMASPG30
Shop Online Store - Here
*Free Shipping in the Contiguous United States Only. Sale Ends 12/18/2020 at Midnight EST
GARAGEHANGAREVENT
TRADE SHOW FLOORINGEVENT FLOORING RENTALDANCE FLOORSPORTABLE DANCE FLOORSDANCE FLOOR RENTALS Back
GYMSPORTRESIDENTIALCOMMERCIAL2D FLOOR DESIGNER
1-866-748-7940
Contact Us
Design App
Design App
Shop Now