https://www.k-beeleotards.com/privacy
1 (888) 523 3536
+1 (951) 735 0725
Free Shipping on $99
| U.S. Residents Only
Shipping to: United States
Shipping Destination
Select the country you would like to ship your order to:
Select Country
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Chile
Colombia
France
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Hong Kong SAR China
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jersey
Mexico
Morocco
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Norway
Peru
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Africa
Swaziland
Sweden
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Update
Currency: USD
Display Currency
Select the currency you would like to display prices in:
Australian Dollar - AUD
British Pound Sterling - GBP
Canadian Dollar - CAD
Danish Krone - DKK
Euro - EUR
Hong Kong Dollar - HKD
Icelandic Króna - ISK
Japanese Yen - JPY
Mexican Peso - MXN
New Zealand Dollar - NZD
Norwegian Krone - NOK
Russian Ruble - RUB
Singapore Dollar - SGD
South African Rand - ZAR
South Korean Won - KRW
Swedish Krona - SEK
Swiss Franc - CHF
US Dollar - USD
Update
Your card will be billed in USD. The prices shown in foreign currencies are for
your reference only, and may vary from the exchange rate charged by your bank.
=
Back
New
NEW PRODUCTS
Leotards
Leotards
Tank Prints
Tank Solids
Racerbacks
Strappy Back Prints
Camisole Prints
Camisole Solids
Rhinestone
Undergarments
Red White and Blue Leotards
Breast Cancer Leotards
Event Leotards
All Leotards >
E-Gift Cards
Gift Card $25
Gift Card $50
Gift Card $100
BESTSELLERS
COLLECTIONS
Happy Holidays
Fall Favorites
Winter Glow
Top Rated
Ombre Official
Must LOVE Backs
Girls ROCK
GIFT IDEAS
Gifts Under $25
Gifts Under $50
Gifts Under $75
GRIP BAGS
DOLL LEOTARDS
FACE MASKS
All BESTSELLERS >
E-Gift Cards
Gift Card $25
Gift Card $50
Gift Card $100
COMPETITIVE
Competition Leotards
Long Sleeve
Sleeveless
Special Order Leotards
SHOP BY PRICE
Competition Under $50
Competition Under $40
TEAM PACKAGE - $100
TEAM WARMUPS
JACKETS
BOTTOMS
COACHES
BOYS | MENS
COMPRESSION SHIRTS
All COMPETITIVE
>
E-Gift Cards
Gift Card $25
Gift Card $50
Gift Card $100
APPAREL
Tops
Sports Bras
Pom Pom Shirts
Pom Pom Jersey
Bottoms
Flannels
Yoga
SHORTS
Black Shorts
Pink Shorts
Blue Shorts
Purple Shorts
Green Shorts
White Shorts
Red Shorts
Orange Shorts
Silver Shorts
All APPAREL >
E-Gift Cards
Gift Card $25
Gift Card $50
Gift Card $100
SALE
SHOP BY PRICE
$13 & Under
$19 & Under
$23 & Under
$25 & Under
$28 & Under
Customer ServiceRESELLER PROGRAMSWholesale ProgramConsignment ProgramJOIN OUR TEAMApply TodayTRACKINGWhere is my order?Returns & ExchangesHOW TO ORDER?International OrdersRUSH OrdersHELPSize ChartsWashing InstructionsFAQ
MODEL SEARCHSALES REPCOVID-19Contact Us
Search:
Search
Cart
My Account
Checkout
Home
Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
It is our policy to respect and protect the safety and privacy of our visitors. It is our intention to adhere to the rules and regulations regulated by COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) and CARU (Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Council of Better Business Bureaus) in order to protect the privacy of children online.
Notice to Parents and Guardians
Parents and Guardians can review the information that we have collected from their children online, prevent the further use or maintenance of such information, or direct the deletion of their children's personal information.
Because we need proof of identity before we can disclose any information, we cannot answer these requests by phone or e-mail. Please contact us in writing by either fax or postal mail at the address above with your signed request and also stating how we may best contact you (phone or fax numbers or an email address).
Collection of Customer Information
k-Bee Leotards maintains the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information from our website customers. k-Bee Leotards limits itself to the collection of information that allows us to send orders to our customers, and in the case of the champions contest, to collecting information that ensures the uniqueness of each entry. k-Bee Leotards' primary goal is to use the information we collect from our customers to help us constantly improve customer service.
We respect the privacy of children, and do not collect any more personal information than is reasonably necessary to enable them to participate in the activities we offer at our web site.
Information collected for the purpose of online orders
First & Last Names
Shipping & Billing Address
Phone Number
Email Address
Credit Card Number (this data is encrypted)
Credit Card Type (this data is encrypted)
Credit Card Expiration Date (this data is encrypted)
User Name (this username is created and used only for placing orders from our site and is optional)
Password (this password is created and used only for placing orders from our site and is optional)
Customers have the option to place an order without creating an account. Without an account the customer information related to that order is removed from our systems once the order is fulfilled.
The customer's email address collected with the order is only used to send confirmation and/or status messages regarding customers' online purchases.
Information collected for 'Share This By Email'
Your Name and Email Address
Friend's Email Address
This information is only used to send the 'Share This by Email' message and is deleted by our servers immediately after the message is sent.
What does k-Bee Leotards do with the information?
k-Bee Leotards stores customer information in its secure database and DOES NOT share this information with anyone outside the k-Bee Leotards staff or contracted partners. k-Bee Leotards DOES NOT sell this information to any third parties. Please see the following section for information regarding k-Bee Leotard's contracted Partners.
Who does k-Bee Leotards share the information with?
k-Bee Leotards shares personal information with contracted partners exclusively for the purpose of confirming the receipt of online orders, and processing and fulfilling orders placed at k-Bee Leotards. In order to conduct these activities, k-Bee Leotards partners with the following companies:
Nexcess Web Hosting
This company hosts our websites:
WWW.K-BEELEOS.COM
WWW.KBEELEOS.COM
WWW.K-BEELEOTARDS.COM
WWW.KBEELEOTARDS.COM
Hostasaurus handles all front-end user interface with visitors to our sites. Although Hostasaurus has access to certain information, they do not use this data for any other purpose except to transfer the data to k-Bee Leotards to process orders.
Authorize.net
This company handles the payment processing for orders placed at k-Bee Leotards. The personal data collected on the site that is shared with Authorize.net is limited to that which is necessary in order to authorize payment for online orders.
UPS
This company handles the shipping for orders placed at k-Bee Leotards. The personal data collected on the site that is shared with UPS is limited to that which is necessary in order to process shipping for online orders.
United States Postal Service
This company handles the shipping for orders placed at k-Bee Leotards. The personal data collected on the site that is shared with United States Postal Service is limited to that which is necessary in order to process shipping for online orders.
Does k-Bee Leotards use cookies?
k-Bee Leotards uses cookies on certain pages of our site to help make the shopping experience easier for you. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our website. You are always free to delete cookies related to our site from your computer.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, k-Bee Leotards, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Log files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type and date/time stamp to analyze trends, administer the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Who do I contact if I have questions or concerns regarding the k-Bee Leotards privacy policy?
If you have questions or concerns regarding k-Bee Leotards, you can let us know by:
Email: privacy [at] k-beeleotards [dot] com
Phone: (951) 735-0725
Fax: (928) 832-1219
Mail: k-Bee Leotards, 1790 Town & Country Drive, Suite 107, Norco, CA 92860
Notice For European Users
k-Bee Leotards is located in the United States. Any information that you provide to k-Bee Leotards will be transferred out of the European Union to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
Security
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of our users' financial information from their computers to our servers, utilizing SSL encryption. Only those employees who need access to our users' information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination of employment and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
k-Bee Leotards
Links
Get help
MODEL SEARCHSALES REPCOVID-19Contact UsCustomer Service
Policies
ShippingReturns & ExchangesPrivacy Policy
Sign up to our newsletter
SUBSCRIBE
Follow us
fig
Copyright © 2014 k-Bee Leotards. All Rights Reserved |
Terms of Use | 				Site by
Brigada
1790 Town & Country Drive, Suite 107, Norco, CA 92860, United States | Phone:
1 (951) 735 0725