http://www.lavendersoflondon.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. Continuing to use this site signifies your implied consent to the use of Cookies - pressing the “I Agree button” will remove this notice. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our "Privacy & Cookies" policy in the footer of the site.I Agree
HomeThe WarehouseHireTradeDeliveryOpening TimesContact Us
Privacy Policy
At Lavenders of London Limited we are committed to protecting your privacy. We hold your information with the utmost care and we will not sell or disclose information to third parties, unless requested to do so by yourselves. What Information Do We Collect? When placing an order with Lavenders of London there are certain bits of information that we will need to collect in order to fulfill your order.
This includes the following:
Your Name
Postal Address
Billing Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
You will also be asked for your credit / debit card details. These are processed by an independant third party called Worldpay. When you enter your card details they are encrypted using 256 bit encyption. This means that you can be confident that your no one at Lavenders of London or Worldpay can view your details at any time.
Keeping Your Data Accurate We will try and keep your data accurate at all times. We have provided a system allowing you to log in and edit your information at any time. You can do this by logging into your account and using the edit details button.
Cookies We use cookies to provide a more personalised service when you logon to our site. The cookies contain no personal information about you, but they do contain a unique identifier to your computer that allows us to recognise when you logon to our site. Click here to read more about our cookie policy.
Blog News
Mar02
News
Sunday Dates for 2020
APRIL 5TH 2020
MAY 3RD 2020
JUNE 7TH 2020
JULY 5TH 2020
AUGUST 2ND 2020
SEPEMBER 6TH 2020
OCTOBER 4TH 2020
NOVEMBER 1ST 2020
NOVEMBER 15TH 2020
DECEMBER 6TH 2020
DECEMBER 13TH 2020
Mar02
Sunday opening dates 2020
APRIL 5TH          SEPTEMBER 6TH
MAY 3RD            OCTOBER 4TH
JUNE 7TH           NOVEMBER 1ST & 15TH
JULY 5TH.           DECEMBER 6TH & 13TH
AUGUST 2ND
Delivery Worldwide
We can deliver anywhere in the World. Uk customers can order online. If you are outside the uk and would like to order some of of lovely itmes email us what you are looking to buy and quanties and we will be able to get you a shipping cost.
Info@lavendersoflondon.com
Can't Find what you are looking for ?
Want to speak to somebody
Give us a call
0203 - 764 2810
Testimonials
"This place is the best the different things to buy are endless and quality is great best of all are the prices xx Thank You Lavenders of London" - Dee Slade
"Lovely staff, so helpful, great choice of stuff to plan a event. Brilliant customer service thank you so much for all your help today xx" - Sian Fishenden
"Fantastic service and very nice people. Thank you for your help and advice." - Sarah Tiffin
See more reviews on our Facebook page.
Social Media & Partners
Lavenders of London LtdAs featured on
Copyright © 2015 Lavenders of London is a trading name of Wilfred Whittingtons Ltd | All Rights Reserved | info@lavendersoflondon.com | Registered office: 6 Forest Road, Loughborough, LE11 3NP | Registered in England | Company Number 612790 |Site Designed and Supported by VISAV
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies