http://www.polarusa.com/us-en/webstore/return_policy
check
tag
wrench
cart
Return policy
To return an item, please contact our Customer Care Team by phone at 800-227-1314 or by e-mail customerservice.usa@shoppolar.com and reference "Polar Online Return".
Our current hours of operation are Monday - Thursday 8:30 am - 5:00 pm and Friday 8:30 am - 1:00 pm EST (excluding holidays).
Polar Online Store purchases may be returned within thirty (30) days. Items should be returned unused and in good condition, with a completed return form and a copy of the packing slip, to our Return Center (address below).
A refund of the price of the item and any applicable taxes will be issued in the original form of payment used to purchase the item. Please note that this also applies to items received as gifts. If you return a gift, the purchaser will receive a refund in the original form of payment used to make the purchase.
Shipping costs are refunded on damaged or defective products only.  If you are returning an item because it is damaged or defective, please see our Damaged or Defective Product section below.
Software refunds will only be issued when the software is returned in its original sealed packaging.
Return Instructions
Please follow the instructions below when packing and sending your product for return. It's important to note that these instructions must be followed in order for us to properly process your return.
Send the item in its original packaging.
Pack the item carefully so that it will not be damaged during the shipping process. We suggest using a box and bubble wrap.
Include a copy of the packing slip (included with your shipment). We will not be able to process a return for any shipment received without a packing slip.
It is recommended to use a secure shipping method such as Insured US Mail or UPS to send the item so that you have tracking for the package.  Polar is not responsible for items lost in transit and a return can not be processed until the item is received.
All returns should be sent to the following address:
Polar Electro Inc.
c/o Polar Online Return Center
15 Grumman Road West, Suite 700
Bethpage
NY
11714
Due to COVID 19 restrictions please allow 2 – 4 weeks to process returns. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you in advance for your patience and understanding.
Damaged, Defective or Warranty Products
To return a damaged or defective item within thirty (30) days of purchase, please contact the Polar Customer Care Team by phone at 800-227-1314 or e-mail customerservice.usa@shoppolar.com and reference "Polar Online Return". Our current hours of operation are Monday - Thursday 8:30 am - 5:00 pm and Friday 8:30 am - 1:00 pm EST (excluding holidays).
Our Customer Care Team will provide you with return instructions. Once we receive your returned item, you will be refunded the price of the item as well as any applicable taxes. Refunds will be issued in the original form of payment used to purchase the item.
Products found to be defective after thirty (30) days of purchase will be covered by the Polar Warranty Policy and will be repaired or replaced by our Polar Service Center.
To return a defective product after thirty (30) days of purchase, please visit Polar USA Service page. Here you will find instructions on how to send your Polar back for service. Complete the Online Repair registration form, print out the repair confirmation and follow the included instructions. Please remember to include a copy of your original proof of purchase.
Polar Warranty
The Polar Warranty covers the training computer and sensors for two (2) years from the date of purchase for defects in material or workmanship. Battery replacement is covered for the first six (6) months. Damage caused by misuse or improper or unauthorized maintenance is not covered.
The complete warranty terms can be found in the user’s manual.
PROOF OF PURCHASE FROM AN AUTHORIZED RETAILER IS REQUIRED FOR WARRANTY CLAIMS.
Change region
If your country/region is not listed on this page, please find your local contact details, retailers and stores and service points on our global site.
Americas
Argentina (Spanish)
Brazil (Portuguese)
Canada (English)
Canada (French)
Chile (Spanish)
Colombia (Spanish)
Costa Rica (Spanish)
Mexico (Spanish)
United States (English)
Europe
Austria (German)
Belgium (Dutch)
Belgium (French)
Czech Republic (Czech)
Denmark (Danish)
Estonia (Estonian)
Finland (Finnish)
France (French)
Germany (German)
Hungary (Hungarian)
Italy (Italian)
Netherlands (Dutch)
Norway (Norwegian)
Poland (Polish)
Russia (Russian)
Slovakia
Slovenia (Slovenian)
Spain (Spanish)
Sweden (Swedish)
Switzerland (French)
Switzerland (German)
Turkey (Turkish)
UK (English)
Ukraine (Russian)
Asia Pacific
Australia (English)
China (Simplified Chinese)
Hong Kong SAR (Traditional Chinese)
Hong Kong SAR (English)
Japan (Japanese)
New Zealand (English)
Singapore (English)
Taiwan Region (Traditional Chinese)
Africa & Middle East
Israel (Hebrew)
South-Africa (English)
UAE (English)