https://www.alltimefashions.com/terms-condition/
Search:
Terms & Condition
Home > Terms & Condition
Hello and welcome to AllTimeFashions.com. We look forward to being of service to you!
Please read these terms of use carefully before using the website and services offered by AllTimeFashions.com. This agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of this website (AllTimeFashions.com). It exempts or limits AllTimeFashions.com or other person’s liability and contains other important provisions that you should read.
1. Acceptance of this user agreement:
Each time you use the Website you agree to comply and be bound by this Agreement and you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to agree to and accept this Agreement on behalf of yourself and any person you purport to represent. If you do not agree with this Agreement, or if you are not authorized to agree to and accept this Agreement on behalf of the person you purport to represent, you may not access or use the Website and must exit immediately.
2. Ownership and permitted use of this website:
No material including but not limited to pictures, layout, design and content from this site may be copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, downloaded, uploaded or in any other manner for commercial use or otherwise without the written permission of AllTimeFashions.com. Violation of this condition is a violation of copyright and other proprietary rights of AllTimeFashions.com.
The Website is made available to you for your lawful, personal use only. You may use the Website only in the manner described expressly in this Agreement and subject to all applicable laws. Using the Website for any other purpose or in any other manner is prohibited.
3. Modification to Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time. Any change in Terms and conditions will be prominently posted on our website and it will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. If you violate these Terms and Conditions, we may terminate your use of AllTimeFashions.com, bar you from future use of the website, and/or take appropriate legal action against you.
4. Applicable Law:
By visiting this Web site, you agree that the laws of the state of Cyprus, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or any of our affiliates
5. Children’s Privacy
Protecting children privacy is very dear to us. Our Web Site is intended for users over the age of 18.
Children under the age of 18 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission and guidance while accessing our website. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their childrens online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children access to the web since parents or guardians shall be responsible of the utilization of this site by those minors under your responsibility.
6. Disclaimer of Liability:
The material contained in The Site has been checked for accuracy, even so we make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this Web site, its content, or the information available on or through it; they are provided “as is,” with all faults. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we and our corporate affiliates, and the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns of each, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this Web site or any other Web site linked to it. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
7. Errors and inaccuracies:
Our goal is to provide accurate, complete, and up-to-date information on our Web site. Unfortunately, we cannot ensure that any Web site is completely free of human or technological errors. This site may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and some information may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We are very sorry and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
8. Links to third party websites:
While visiting AllTimeFashions.com, we may provide you with links to Web sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. This does not represent our endorsement of such websites. AllTimeFashions.com does not make any representations or warranties about any Web site you may access through this Web site. They are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities.
In addition, our privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. If you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the AllTimeFashions.com privacy policy.