http://www.prezzybox.com/about/privacy-policy
Prezzybox uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience. By using our site, you accept our use of cookies. Read more
COVID19 Update | Delivering as normal
Sign In
Help
Order Tracking
Search for a gift
You've not saved any gifts yet
{{getSavedCount()}}
Christmas Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Christmas Gifts
View All
Stocking Fillers
For Him
For Her
Secret Santa
Xmas for Her
For Mums
For Female Partner
For Female Friends
For Teen Girls
For Grandmas
Stocking Fillers for Her
Xmas for Him
For Dads
For Male Partner
For Male Friends
For Teen Boys
For Grandads
Stocking Fillers for Him
Xmas for Kids
For Girls
For Baby Girls
For Boys
For Baby Boys
Baby's First Christmas
Next Day Delivery Gifts
Next Day Gifts
Gifts For Him
For Him
Gifts For Him
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Gifts for Men
Beer Gifts
Big Boys Toys
Experiences for Him
Food and Drink
Football Gifts
Gadgets
Joke Gifts
Men's Grooming Kits
Men's Jewellery
Mugs for Men
Personalised Gifts for Him
Retro Gifts
Unusual Gifts
Gifts for Dad
Gifts for Grandad
Gifts for Husband
Gifts for Boyfriend
Gifts For Her
For Her
Gifts For Women
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Beauty Essentials
Chocolate Gifts
Craft Kits
Experiences for Her
Fashion Accessories
Food and Drink
Gin Gifts
Health and Relaxation
Jewellery
Love Gifts
Mugs for Women
Personalised Gifts for Her
Retro Gifts
Unicorn Gifts
Gifts for Mum
Gifts for Grandma
Gifts for Wife
Gifts for Girlfriend
Gifts For Kids
Kids Gifts
Gifts For Kids
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Arts and Crafts
Baby Clothes
Children's Lighting
Cool Toys
Football Gifts
Kids' Games
Personalised Kids' Books
Personalised Children's Gifts
Science Kits
Baby Gifts
Little Boys' Gifts
Little Girls' Gifts
Gifts for Boys 5-12
Gifts for Girls 5-12
Gifts for Teenage Boys
Gifts for Teenage Girls
Birthday Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Birthday Gifts
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
18th Birthdays
21st Birthdays
30th Birthdays
40th Birthdays
50th Birthdays
60th Birthdays
70th Birthdays
80th Birthdays
Birthday Gifts For Kids
Birthday Gifts For Him
For Husband
For Boyfriend
For Dad
For Male Friends
For Grandad
For Boys
For Teen Boys
Birthday Gifts for Her
For Wife
For Girlfriend
For Mum
For Female Friends
For Grandma
For Girls
For Teen Girls
Personalised Gifts
Personalised Gifts
Personalised Gifts
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
For Her
For Mum
For Grandma
For Girlfriend
For Wife
For Him
For Dad
For Grandad
For Boyfriend
For Husband
For Couples
For Children
Personalised Chocolate
Personalised Books
Personalised Newspapers
Personalised Alcohol
Engraved Gifts
Personalised Food
Personalised Glasses
Personalised Home Gifts
Personalised Jewellery
Personalised Keepsakes
Personalised Mugs
Photo Upload Gifts
Anniversary Gifts
Wedding Gifts
Mother's Day Gifts
Father's Day Gifts
Valentine's Day Gifts
Personalised Cards
Fun Gifts
Fun Gifts
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Adult Gifts (18+)
Books
Craft Kits
Disney Gifts
Drinking Games
Experience Days
Games and Puzzles
Harry Potter Gifts
Joke and Novelty Gifts
Pet Lovers Gifts
Retro Gifts
Star Wars Gifts
Sweets and Candy
Travel Gifts
Unicorn Gifts
Unusual Gifts
Homeware
Homeware
Homeware
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Candles
Cushions and Pillows
Lighting
Photo Frames
Posters and Prints
Record Players
Vases and Planters
Gardening Gifts
BBQ
Barware
Alcohol Gifts
Drinking Glasses
Kitchen & Dining
Baking Gifts
Kitchen Accessories
Kitchen Gadgets
Mugs
Gift Occasions
Occasions
Occasions
View All
Our Favourites
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Anniversary Gifts
Baby Shower Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Christening Gifts
Congratulations Gifts
Engagement Gifts
Get Well Soon Gifts
Graduation Gifts
House Warming Gifts
Leaving Gifts
Retirement Gifts
Teacher Gifts
Thank You Gifts
Wedding Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Secret Santa Gifts
Stocking Fillers
Valentine's Day Gifts
Mother's Day Gifts
Easter Gifts
Father's Day Gifts
Account
Sign In
Sign Out
Help
Order Tracking
Privacy Policy
Prezzybox.com takes the privacy of its customers seriously and is committed to the following policy.
Who we are
We are Prezzybox.com Ltd. (Prezzybox, we,, us, or our) a company registered in England and Wales (Company No.
03946124)
with a registered office at Hollybank Farmhouse, No Mans Heath Lane, Austrey, Warwickshire,
CV9 3EW.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner in accordance with the Data Protection Act (the Act,
Data Protection
Registration no. Z9389651). For the purposes of the Act we are the data controller of your
personal data.
The information we collect
Information Provided By You
We collect the following personal information on customers who have created orders with us.
Full name
Email address
Contact telephone number
Delivery address
Billing address
This information is required to process payment and deliver your order to you and is provided by you to Prezzybox
when you
place an order with us online or over the telephone.
Information Collected Automatically
We store some information automatically as you browse our site, such as the IP address of the device you are
visiting with.
This is for the purpose of security and gaining information on the way you use the website
for market research etc.
Full details of the information collected automatically is outlined in our
cookie policy.
How we use this information
The information you provide to us is used so that we can offer you, the customer, the best experience possible.
Prezzybox are committed to being transparent when it comes to data and your privacy, if you require any further clarification on any of the information below then please contact us via the method at the bottom of this page.
We use data that you provide us for the following reasons:
Processing your order - We use the information you provide to process your order.
For example, we need to supply address details to our suppliers and couriers in order for
them to dispatch your purchase.
Provide you with order details and account information - This section of the website
allows you to manage your contact details, view a history of conversations and messages with
our customer services team and view your order history.
Website Tracking - Anonymised information is collected when you use the website to help provide users with more relevant content on site.
For registered users we also store this anonymised behaviour data against their profile, things like what categories or products you have visited.
For users that don't wish to for this to happen then please see our cookie policy, for registered users that wish to opt out of profile enrichment please contact us.
Offer a better service - For example, we use anonymised order data to offer better
products for sale.
Marketing - Unless you give us consent, we do not use information you provide to
us as part of placing an order for marketing purposes. You can opt-in or opt-out to receive
marketing communications as outlined below.
Email Tracking - For users that have opted-in to receive marketing emails, we use something called a tracking pixel to monitor the performance of campaigns and send you the most relevant offers. The tracking pixel tracks when you open an email from us and allows us to see information like what type of device you are using and where you are reading from, so we can better tailor content to our users' needs. For instance, so we don't keep sending marketing emails to users that are unresponsive. When you sign up and opt-in to receive email marketing emails from us, we collect the IP address used to register and the date and time of registration. This is so we have a record of when consent was given to us to contact you with marketing messages, in relation to your rights under GDPR.
Advertising Online - You may see adverts for Prezzybox.com online after visiting the website. We serve these adverts via a variety of advertising networks and ad exchanges. We use a variety of advertising technologies such as: web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies and some custom technology maintained by the advertising network (e.g. Facebook’s Marketing Pixel). The ads that you see may be based on the products you have browsed on the website. Please refer to our cookie policy for information on how to stop seeing these ads.
Research
- We use anonymised order data for market research purposes. For example, to report on how many orders we had
from a city/town
in a given period.
Analysis
We use anonymised data about how you use the website in order to to monitor traffic and website performance. We
use tools like Google Analytics or HotJar to do this. More information about this is found in our cookie policy.
For more information on how you can opt-out of sending information to Google Analytics, see Google's support
document here.
Protecting our website - We use data to prevent fraudulent transactions against you, our website, and our other users.
Telephone
- From time to time, we may monitor or record telephone calls for training purposes in order to offer a better
service to
our customers.
Gift Vouchers
- Gift vouchers are available to purchase on Prezzybox.com. As they are an intangible item, information about the
recipient
and sender are needed to actually process the voucher order and deliver to the recipient.
As part of placing an order for a gift voucher, you give us permission to contact the recipient
with the information regarding the voucher on your behalf.
Who we share this information with
In order to fulfil our contractual obligation to you as a customer who has placed an order with us, it may be
necessary for
us to share information with other third party data processors. An example of those third
parties can be found below.
As a customer, you can request to see a comprehensive list of data that we share with other data processors.
Dispatch/Fulfillment - Our warehouse partner and drop-ship suppliers get basic information, like your name and address, so they know where to send your order.
Couriers - Our courier partners will receive address information in order to get your order to you. If you supply it, they may also get your mobile phone number to send you SMS updates regarding your delivery time estimate.
Payment Providers -
These companies process the actual payment on our behalf when you pay by credit or debit card, they process the payment and they’ll use some information you provide to verify your identity and prevent fraud.
Marketing Software Providers - We securely share some data with advertising partners and marketing agencies that help us run our business
Technical Software Providers - These companies will get some anonymised data that help them to provide services to us that allow us to host the website and keep it secure.
As a customer, you can request to see a comprehensive list of data that we share with other data processors.
We sometimes share anonymised and aggregated information (for example, order data) to report to other third parties on our sales performance over a period of time.
Saved card details and payment information
Prezzybox do not store card details directly. Instead, any card details you provide are stored securely by our
Merchant Bank
(AIBMS). Prezzybox store a reference/token to your securely held card details so that the
information is retrievable by you - the customer - for repeat purchases. The information is stored in such a way that means we have no access at all to be able to read it.
Data Retention
We retain information provided indefinitely as we use it to provide individuals access to information about their
order history
and to enable communications with our customer service teams etc.
We also retain customer records in accordance with FCA and PCI policy - as governed by law and in interest of
preventing
crime and fraud.
In compliance with GDPR, we respect the individuals right to access, rectification and erasure of personal data.
For more
information on how to access, edit or erase information we hold please see the relevant points
below.
Your Rights
In compliance with GDPR and as part of our privacy policy, we inform you as an individual that you have the
following rights:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling
Withdrawing Consent
Marketing communications are only sent to users who explicitly opt-in and give Prezzybox consent, at the time of
creating
an account, to contact them for marketing purposes (e.g. special offers, discounts, seasonal
promotions etc).
If you are subscribed to our marketing emails and no longer wish to receive them, you can unsubscribe from
marketing communications
easily by clicking the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of every marketing email.
Please note that opting out of marketing messages will not stop transactional communications (like updates on your order, delivery information etc).
Alternatively, please contact a member of our customer services team who will be happy to assist you.
Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data
Prezzybox.com Ltd. have a lawful basis for processing personal data, that you provide at the time of placing an
order, in
order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you. For example, without using the delivery
details that you provide to us at time of purchase, we wouldn't be able to delivery your
order to you.
By placing an order and disclosing this information with us at the time of purchase, you consent to the
collection, storage
and processing of that information in the manner as set out in this policy.
This lawful basis for processing personal data is in compliance with the new GDPR as stated in Article 6(1)(b):
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to
take steps at
the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract
Full information on lawful basis for processing personal data can be found on the
Information Commissioner's Office website
Right Of Access: Data Access Requests
In compliance with GDPR, individuals have the right to access your personal data. Individuals have the right to
obtain
Confirmation that their data is being processed;
Access to your personal data; and
Other supplementary information
What does this mean?
The purpose of right access under GDPR is to clarify the reasons to allow individuals to access their personal
data. Individuals
should be aware of, and can verify the lawfulness of the processing (details of which can
be found above).
You can request to see a copy of the data that we hold.
Prezzybox.com have the right to charge a reasonable fee when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive,
particularly
if the request is repetitive. Prezzybox.com may also charge a reasonable fee to comply with
requests for further copies of the same information. The fee will be based on the administrative
costs of providing the information.
Prezzybox.com must provide this information without delay and within one month of the receipt of the request.
This period
can be extended by a further two months where requests are numerous or complex. If this is
the case then Prezzybox must inform the individual within one month of the receipt of the
request and explain why the extension is necessary.
What if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive?
Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because they are repetitive, Prezzybox.com
can:
charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information;
or
refuse to respond.
Where Prezzybox.com refuse to respond to a request, we must first explain to the individual why we have made this
decision
and inform them of their right to complain to the supervisory authority and to a judicial
remedy without undue delay and at the latest within one month.
Snappy Privacy Policy
The protection of your rights and your data is very important to us.
Images uploaded via the Snappy app are transferred via SSL and are always kept secure and confidential.
Should you go on to place an order, your image will be passed on to one of our partners for the purpose of fulfilling your order.
Your image will be stored securely for up to a year after the date of last access.
We use your images to remove the background via a third-party, and share the edited image with a third-party software partner to apply your image to our personalised product portfolio.
We also collect anonymised usage data to allow us to analyse use of the platform and continually improve Snappy and the service it provides.
We use cookies in order to provide functionality to the Snappy service. A full explanation of cookies and the types of things they are used for on Prezzybox.com and the Snappy service is available in Prezzybox.com's main privacy policy.
Should you authenticate via Instagram, Snappy will remain authorised to access your Instagram photographs for an hour.
Authenticating via Facebook will create a Prezzybox.com account for future access.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to this privacy policy will be made on this page. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you
of any significant changes
by email.
Contact Details
If you require any further assistance with regards to matters of privacy, then please do not
hesitate to contact our
customer services team
.
Telephone: 01827 839041
Registered Office:
Prezzybox.com LTD
Hollybank Farm House
No Mans Heath Lane
Austrey
Warwickshire
CV9 3EW
Join The Prezzybox Family!
Become a member of our family and be the first to know about our discounts, sales and new products!
Hello, Here to help
Contact Prezzybox
Order Tracking
Delivery
Returns
Faqs
The fine print
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
GDPR
Cookies
Get to know us
About Prezzybox
Inside the Box...
Corporate Gifts
Partnerships & Affiliates
myQdos Schools
Let's be social...
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Youtube
Copyright © Prezzybox.com Ltd 2000 - 2020. Gifts, Gift Ideas and Birthday Gifts in the UK. Est 2000
Hollybank Farm House, No Mans Heath Lane, Austrey, Atherstone, CV9 3EW, GB