http://www.jokermachine.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Home
Street
Harley-Davidson
Air Intake & Fuel
Driveline
Engine Covers
Front End
Footpegs
Gauges
Handlebar Components
Taillight and License Plate Frames
Lighting
Mirrors
Tank & Trim
Transmission
Cafe Racer
Honda CB750 Parts
Honda CB160, 175, 200
Honda CB350
Kawasaki
Yamaha
Handlebar & Controls
Fuel & Intake
Lighting
Mirrors
Indian Motorcycle
Triumph Motorcycle
Accessories
Footpegs
Lighting
Mirrors
Electrical
Hardware
Replacement Parts
Classic Controls Replacement Parts
JX Controls
J-Tech Controls
Forward Controls
Filters
Closeout Sales
Off Road
CAN-AM
Polaris RZR 1000
Honda
Lighting
Safety
Speedway
Gear
Men
Women
Hats
Gift Cards
Blog
Log in
Create account
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required toï¿½keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies that will identify you personally.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Terms and Conditions.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 10/28/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Joker Machine2245 Kiowa Blvd N Suite 100Lake Havasu City, AZ 86403United States909-596-9690
Sale
View full product details ?
Quantity
Unavailable
Sold Out