http://www.chalifours.com/store-policies
Flowers
Main Menu
Occasions
Christmas & Holiday Flowers
Roses & Romance
Best Sellers
Designer's Choice
Wine + Gifts
Gifts + Gift Baskets
Everyday / Just Because
Flowers for Charity
Anniversary Flowers
Birthday Flowers
Burlap and Wrapped
New Baby Flowers
Get Well Flowers
Sympathy & Funeral Flowers
Plants
National Delivery
Shop All Occasions
Best Sellers
$49.95 - $249.95
$49.95 - $149.95
$99.95 - $599.95
$59.95 - $99.95
Upcoming Holidays
Dec
25
Christmas
For Business
Corporate Flowers
Christmas Flowers
National Delivery
Sympathy
Weddings
Local Delivery
Main Menu
Local Delivery
Manchester Flowers
Litchfield Flowers
Bedford Flowers
Londonderry Flowers
Derry Flowers
Merrimack Flowers
Shop All Local Delivery Flowers
About
Main Menu
About Chalifour's Flowers
Socials
Reviews & Awards
Text Message Deals
Store Policies
COVID19
Design Classes
In a hurry? Quick Shop
Main Menu
Quick Shop
Select OccasionBurlap and WrappedDesigner's ChoiceBest SellersFlowers for CharityRoses & RomanceNew Baby FlowersAnniversary FlowersEveryday / Just BecauseChristmas & Holiday FlowersGifts + Gift BasketsBirthday FlowersPlantsNational DeliveryGet Well FlowersWine + Gifts
Select Price$45 - $55$55 - $75$75 - $100$100 - $150$150-$250
Customer Service
e-mail us
(603) 623-8844
Warning
session about to expire in few minutes
Back to Shopping
*Email
Please enter a vaild email address
*Password
Please enter a valid password
Log In
Forgot Password
Chalifour's Flowers Store Policies
Chalifour's Flowers - Privacy & Policies
Payment Options
Items Available
Contact Information
Areas Served
Satisfaction Guarantee & Refunds
Delivery Policy
Out-of-Town Orders
Substitution Policy
Privacy Policy
Payment Options
We accept the following payment methods:
Visa
MasterCard
Discover Network
American Express
House Account
Will Call In
Pay In-Store on Pick Up
Items Available
We specialize in the following services:
Large inventory of fresh flowers
Tropicals
Plants
European/dish gardens
Contemporary and traditional arrangements
High-style floral arrangements
Silk arrangements
Dried floral arrangements
Weddings
Funeral designs
Gourmet and fruit baskets
Gift baskets
Candles
Wine
Contact Information
If you have any questions or need more information, please call us directly at (603) 623-8844. After hours, you can place an order with our answering service.
Areas Served
The Premier Manchester Florist Hand Delivering Flowers to Manchester, Bedford, Merrimack, Hooksett, Derry, Londonderry, Litchfield, Auburn, Candia, Goffstown, Pinardville And The Rest Of The World.
We also deliver to the following facilities
Amoskeag Residence
Arbors Of Bedford
Bay Village At Manchester
Birchwood Nursing Home
Bishop Primeau Apartments
Briston Manor West
Bykowski & Young Funeral Home
Cain & Janosz Funeral Home
Carl A Michaud Enterprises
Catholic Medical Ctr
Connor-Healy Funeral Home
Courville At Carlyle
Elliot Hospital
Lambert Funeral Home
Phaneuf Funeral Home
Satisfaction Guarantee & Refunds
We offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee on all purchases. Due to the perishable nature of flowers, it is our policy not to issue a refund on any purchases made. However, we are happy to ensure customer satisfaction by offering replacements for those orders that do not meet our customer's expectations. Alternatively, we might offer free upgrades on future orders or a store credit. Please call us to request help with an order if you are dissatisfied. Some restrictions may apply.
Delivery Policy
We will always try to accommodate a time sensitive order. Same day deliveries are generally available if placed before 2pm, but may not be available around major holidays. Please call us if you have any questions about the timing of your delivery. If your delivery requires a specific time we will be happy to offer you our express delivery service for an additional fee, if available. Sunday delivery is available when the store is open. If Sunday delivery is not available, your order will be delivered the next day. There is an additional delivery/service fee on most delivery orders. No matter what your budget is, we guarantee that you'll receive a beautiful arrangement that you’ll be happy with.
Deliveries may be requested to arrive in the morning by 12 noon or by 5pm, if the arrangement is being delivered to a business. Special requests will be accommodated to the best of our ability, however, there may be additional fees or restrictions for deliveries needed within two hours of placing an order.
To ensure prompt delivery, recipients may be called to schedule a delivery. If the recipient is unavailable at home, the delivery may be left safely at a door or with a neighbor. Redeliveries are sometimes necessary if the recipient is unavailable, the delivery driver believes the flowers or gift would be damaged or lost by leaving them, or if there are no neighbors available. If the recipient is located at work, we may be required to leave the flowers at a reception area or similar space if we are not allowed direct access to the recipient’s location. We will make every effort to hand deliver the flowers directly to the recipient.
We may attempt to call you or the recipient if we have delivery questions or problems. If you elect to receive an email, you should get a message shortly after the flowers have been delivered. Please note that there can be up to an 8 hour delay on email delivery notifications.
We will do our best to fulfill delivery date and time requests, but cannot always guarantee delivery times and dates, including express delivery options.
*Please note, during major floral holidays such as Valentine’s Day and Mother’s Day, we are unable to guarantee any timed delivery requests but will try our very best to accommodate.
Out-of-Town Orders
We can send flowers through our network of expert florists to most towns in the United States, Canada, and the rest of the world! For orders outside of our local delivery area, one of our florist partners may design and deliver your flowers. Please note that due to local availability, the florist who delivers your order may have to make substitutions to the flowers, vase, or gifts, while doing their best to maintain the overall look and feel of the arrangement you choose. We are unable to control what other florists send and cannot guarantee any specific delivery times or dates for out-of-town orders but will do our best to accommodate any requests. There may be additional fees associated with out-of-town orders. Rarely, we may not be able to find a florist to make and deliver your out-of-town order. If this happens, we will provide alternatives or cancel your order.
Substitution Policy
Due to the availability of certain flowers, substitutions may occasionally be necessary to create your bouquet. Great care is taken to maintain the style, theme, and color scheme of the arrangement, using flowers of equal or greater value. Additionally, the substitution of certain vases or gifts may be necessary due to increased demand, especially during major holidays. In single-flower arrangements, such as an all rose bouquet, or orchids, we will make every attempt to match the flower type, but may substitute with another color.
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting customer privacy.
Information We Collect
If you open an account on our site or make a purchase, we need your contact information including your name, e-mail address and mailing address to complete your transaction.
When you visit our website, we also collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. We use this information to determine our users demographics and interests, so that we can better understand and serve our users.
"Cookies"
Cookies are small files which store certain information about your activity on the website and are stored on your computers hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, so that you dont have to reenter information you gave us on your prior visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of this website.
Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information
When opening an account or making a purchase, you have an opportunity to opt-in or opt-out from receiving emails from us. If you opt-in to receive information from us, we may use your purchase history, contact information and other registration information to provide you with more relevant information and email content. We may send emails to our users regarding changes in our services or other information we believe will be of interest to our users. If you prefer not to receive these emails, you can send us an email with the subject line no emails or reply to our email with the subject line no emails.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our site, we may collect such information. We may use that information and other information that we obtain from your use of our site to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreement for Terms of Use.
We may share aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information with other businesses, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We may share your information with Teleflora and other reputable vendors for the purpose of sending out special offers via email and/ or in connection with the services provided by our site such as the delivery of flowers. Your information will not be shared for any other purpose and will be kept secured.
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement. For example, we may be required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that may be illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All user credit card information is securely communicated using secure socket layer (SSL) software, which is the industry standard and among the best software available for secure commerce transactions.
All user information stored on our server is stored in an encrypted format. Notwithstanding these efforts, we caution you that perfect security does not exist on the Internet.
Linked Sites
If this site contains any links to other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Changes to Privacy Statement; Consent
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. You should check this page periodically for changes. By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as described in this Privacy Statement.
Questions and Comments
We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Statement.
Chalifour's Flowers
Phone(603) 623-8844
Email flowers@chalifours.com
Hours Monday-Friday: 8:00am-6:00pm Saturday: 8:00am-6:00pmSunday: 9:00am-2:00pm
My Saved Bouquets (0)Log in to save this item as a favorite. Items will be saved for 14 days