https://www.mrstspierogies.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Pierogy 101
Products
Full Size
Minis
Family Size
Recipes
Appetizer
Main Dish
Side Dish
Salad
Soup
Vegetarian
Pierogy Experts
Influencers
Blog
Find In Stores
Search
Welcome! Ateeco, Inc. (“Ateeco”) recognizes the importance of customer privacy and the need to protect information that users of the Ateeco Website provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains our data collection practices and use for our online operations. Please read our complete Privacy Policy. Ateeco will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is part of, and governed by, the Ateeco Website Terms of Use.
WEB SERVER COOKIES AND LOG FILES
Ateeco uses cookies to identify different types of Website users. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by our Web server, stored on your computer’s hard drive, and used by your Web browser. Ateeco uses cookies to identify the type of customer using the Website. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to use portions of the Ateeco Website.
Like most standard Website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service.
CUSTOMER DATA PROTECTION
Ateeco uses reasonable physical and electronic security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of any personally identifiable information that you give to us, such as your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. However, despite such efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We do not sell information about you to third parties. However, Ateeco may reveal customer data to third parties including third-party affiliates and contracted third-party service providers, e.g., credit card processing agencies and market research firms, which will use your personally identifiable information solely for Ateeco business. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purpose.
We use customer data for these primary purposes:
To help you quickly find products, services or information
To improve our services to you, including communicating with you
To help us create Website content most relevant to you
To alert you to new products, special offers, updated information and other new services from Ateeco
Ateeco will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ateeco on the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ateeco; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Ateeco Website or the public.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the unlikely event that Ateeco or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
You have the right to review your personally identifiable information that was collected on the Website so as to update such information, correct any inaccuracies or change your preferences (e.g., reverse an “opt-in” provided previously). To do so, email us at ConsumerContact@pierogies.com. To protect your privacy and the security of your personally identifiable information, Ateeco will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before allowing access to the personally identifiable information.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY (UNDER THE AGE OF 13)
Ateeco takes children’s privacy seriously. We do not seek to collect personal information about children through our Website. If we become aware that a person submitting information to us through any part of our Website is a child, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties. Since we do not seek to collect any personal information about children, and we delete information collected inadvertently as soon as we discover that a child has submitted it, we typically retain no information about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of information about their child before we have discovered and deleted the information, we will of course honor that request.
LINKS
This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Ateeco, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.
CONTACT ATEECO
Ateeco strives to protect its customer privacy. Should you have questions or concerns about our Online Privacy Policy, please send them via email to ConsumerContact@pierogies.com.