https://www.willowfabrics.com/terms-conditions
Email: enquiries@willowfabrics.com
My Account
Log In
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Willow Fabrics
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Search
Go
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions - Willow Fabrics
Terms & Conditions
We at Willow Fabrics are passionate about the service we offer and welcome you to read through our terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions apply to the use of this Website and by accessing this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions as set out below.
If you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions, please contact us via our Contact Us page.
Our Details
The www.willowfabrics.com website is owned and operated by:
Penny Creative Media Ltd (company no. 9624378) trading as Willow Fabricsm registered in England and Wales.
Penny Creative Media Ltd.Registered address:69 High Street,Bideford,Devon, EX39 2AT.
VAT Reg. No. 217178996.
Our Contract
When you place an order to purchase a product, we will send you an email confirming receipt and details of your order. Your order represents an offer to us to purchase a product that is accepted by us when we dispatch the product to you and is confirmed by an email we send to you confirming that we have despatched. That acceptance will be complete at the time we send the Dispatch Confirmation Email to you. Any products on the same order which we have not confirmed do not form part of that contract.
Returns Policy
Subject to the right of Consumers to return goods for refund under The Supply of Goods and Services Act and Distance Selling Regulations, Willow Fabrics does not sell products on a trial basis. Customers are strongly advised to check suitability and specifications of products before ordering.
Cancellations
You have the right to cancel your purchase at any time either before or up to 7 days following the day you receive the goods by emailing us or calling us. See our Contact Us page.
If you exercise your right to cancel your order after the goods have been despatched, you will be responsible for returning the goods at your own risk and cost, All returns are subject to the following conditions, except where the goods are faulty or incorrectly described on the website:
Your product must be complete and in 'as new' and unused condition
A proof of purchase must be supplied.
You must return any free gifts which came with the product.
Where we have made a charge for postage, this will be deducted from your refund if the goods have already been despatched to you.
You cannot cancel your purchase when:
28 days has elapsed following receipt of the goods.
Your Account
If you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and any password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or any password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that any password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. Willow Fabrics reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
Conduct
You must not use the website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way.
You must not use the website for any of the following:
For fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity.
To send, use or reuse any material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing; or in breach of copyright, trademark, confidence, privacy or any other right; or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or objectionable; or which consists of, or contains, software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any ‘spam’ to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy.
Access to www.willowfabrics.com
Access to the website may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
Licence For Access To The Website
Willow Fabrics grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this website, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Willow Fabrics. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of this website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Willow Fabrics and its affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other 'hidden text' utilising Willow Fabrics or its affiliates' names or trademarks without the express written consent of Willow Fabrics. Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or license granted.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of www.willowfabrics.com as long as the link does not portray Willow Fabrics, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Willow Fabrics logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without our express written consent.
Copyright and Database Rights
All content included on the website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software, is the property of Willow Fabrics, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and database right laws. The compilation of all content on this website is the exclusive property of Willow Fabrics and its affiliates and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and database right laws. All software used on this website is the property of Willow Fabrics, our affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws.
You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the website without the express written consent of Willow Fabrics. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (either once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this website, without the express written consent of Willow Fabrics.
Pricing and Availability Of Goods
We list the price of product on each product information page and at checkout.As we process your order, we will inform you by email if any products you order turn out to be unavailable.
Electronic Communications
When you visit www.willowfabrics.com or send emails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the website. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Events Beyond Our Reasonable Control
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You agree, as we do, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Your statutory rights are not affected by these terms and conditions.
Spend and Save Giveaway Promotion
If we are running a promotion, gifts associated with this promotion are subject to the total spend in the cart and may be subject to availability.
Actual colours and gifts shown in the photographic image on the promotional material, may be subject to change due to availability but will represent similar value.
We reserve the right to withdraw these offers at anytime.
Only one gift per purchase is allowed and only the relevant gift associated with the spend will be dispatched. There is no cash alternative.
Offers will end when stock sells out or by the date given on the promotion.
https://www.willowfabrics.com
Follow us on
About Us
Contact Us
Postage & Packing
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Conversion Charts
Cross Stitch Calculator
Needlecraft Techniques
Site Map
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
SSL Certificates