https://www.goodfeet.com/how-arch-supports-help
Arch Support Benefits
Align the feet. Align the body.
Most people aren’t aware of this, but poor biomechanics in the foot can cause more than just foot pain – but knee, hip, and back pain as well.
How they work
You may be surprised to learn this: our feet have not one, but four arches. Good Feet arch supports are designed to properly support all four arches. This can help to relieve the pain caused by many common foot-related problems.
Why they work
Your feet are the foundation of your entire body, enduring tons of pressure each and every day. When your feet are not properly supported, your whole body can become misaligned – resulting in pain in your feet, knees, hips, or back.
Good Feet arch supports are designed to keep your feet in their ideal position, thereby relieving joint pressure, pain and discomfort.
Who they work for
Good Feet arch supports can help almost everyone. Our broad range of products, styles, and sizes provide a personalized fit for all types of feet, shoes, and lifestyles. We even have youth arch supports designed for individuals aged 6-17.
Locate A Store
Improving The Quality Of People's Lives.Two Feet At A Time.
While people come to The Good Feet Store seeking a solution for varying situations&comma
they all have one common goal: pain relief&comma comfort&comma and performance.
While people come to The Good Feet Store seeking a solution for varying situations&comma they all have one common goal: pain relief&comma comfort&comma and performance.
Some live with chronic debilitating pain.
The severity of their pain has significantly limited their mobility, lowering their overall quality of life.
Watch Dave’s Good Feet Story
For others, the pain and discomfort is not as frequent or intense – but it's always there, lurking in the background.
Participating in the activities they enjoy aggravates their situation, and as a result they are forced to restrict or eliminate them.
Watch Sabrina’s Good Feet Story
Then there are those who simply want to perform better.
They understand the important role their feet play in the work they do, and the activities and sports they enjoy. They recognize the value of making foot health a priority to perform at their best.
Watch Mike’s Good Feet Story
Try Them Out And Decide For Yourself With
A Free, Personalized Fitting And Test Walk
You’ll be personally fit and then you’ll get to try them out.
Take all the time you need to walk around the store and see what feels best and fits most comfortably in your shoes.
Just stop on in, no appointment necessary.
Free fittings and test walks take only 20-30 minutes.
Absolutely no obligation.
You have everything to gain, and nothing to lose. It might just change your life.
Learn More About Free Test Walks
Locate A Store
Learn More About Free Test Walks
Locate A Store
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
Discover How The Good Feet Store Can Help You.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Zip Code
*required
Have you visited a Good Feet Store in the past?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
Have you ever purchased Good Feet arch supports?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
captcha response
Submit
We will miss you!
Thanks for being a Good Feet Store supporter, we hope you’ve benefitted from our products and are living the life you love. You will be immediately unsubscribed from our newsletters and special announcements when you submit below. If you really didn’t mean it, click here
Email:
Reason:
Select reason
Select
I never signed up
Content not of interest to me
I get too many emails
I signed up by mistake
Other
recaptcha response
Submit
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use
Got it!
Foot, Knee, hip
or back pain?
We can help
Get free tips and insights.
Sign Me Up