http://www.dorwest.com/terms
Home>>
TermsTerms & Conditions – UKDeliveryOrders received before 3pm Monday to Friday are normally dispatched the same day, orders received on Saturday, Sunday or Bank Holidays are dispatched on the following working day. All orders are dispatched by First Class Mail or overnight courier depending on the size of the consignment. Despite goods being sent from here very promptly, please remember that 1st class mail delivery can take up to 7 days to reach you, although will normally arrive within 3 days. Orders delivered by overnight courier will require a signature on delivery.Carriage chargesCarriage is FREE for orders over £50.00, sent to a single UK address, but please note that this order limit is AFTER any discounts or vouchers have been deducted. For orders below this amount there is a standard £3.95 charge per order.   If an overnight courier service is required this can be provided for £7.50 per order but this service can only be used for weekday deliveries.DamageOccasionally goods may be lost in the post and we will send a replacement order when this occurs. However replacements will not be sent until 7 working days following the date that your order was dispatched. In all cases we must be informed of non-arrival within 28 days of the order being placed. In the event of damage or error with your order, please inform us within 7 days of receipt otherwise no claim can be made or replacement goods sent.ReplacementsPlease check that you have ordered correctly and received the right products as soon as they arrive. Due to the nature of the goods we regret that we cannot exchange any goods once the tamper evident container has been opened. If you have ordered the incorrect goods in error, we will replace them providing they are returned in good condition and unopened within 14 days of receipt, but this will incur an additional postal charge.RefundsUnder the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 you have a right to cancel your order and request a refund within 7 days of receiving the goods. In this case you must return the goods to us unopened and request a refund in writing. A refund of the cost of the goods, including carriage charges, will be sent to you within 30 days. It is important to us that you are satisfied with our service. If you need to return goods to us for any reason more than 7 days after receipt, we will, at our discretion, issue you with a credit note for the value, providing that the goods are unopened and are returned in good condition within 28 days of the order being placed.  We are unable to accept any goods back after this period.TaxAll orders sent to addresses within the UK, excluding the Channel Islands, will be charged British VAT at the current rate and a VAT receipt is enclosed with each order.Online Dispute ResolutionAll businesses selling goods and services online to consumers within the EU must supply a link to the EU Online Dispute Resolution Platform. This platform is designed to facilitate the online resolution of contractural disputes between EU consumers and traders over purchases made online. Should you wish to engage in an online dispute resolution you can access the platform by clicking this link: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ – you may also email info@dorwest.comOverseas DeliveryIf you are ordering goods that are to be shipped overseas, outside of the UK, please be aware by accepting these terms and conditions you are also accepting the terms and conditions detailed in the Overseas Orders – Terms & Conditions – these may be found here: http://www.dorwest.com/overseas-deliveryPrivacy NoticeWhen you make a purchase from Dorwest online certain information is collected – in collecting this information we are acting as the data controller and by law we are required to provide you with information about us, about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data. To review the Privacy Notice for Purchases please click here: Privacy Notice – Purchase