http://www.healthmd.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HomeSupplementsHealth ArticlesAbout UsContact
Cart
Your cart is empty
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER & SAVE 10%
How We Protect Your Privacy
Security
Any information or transactions provided via HealthMD.com are protected through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This process will secure all sensitive information that is encrypted by both your browser and our server. After a secure session is initiated any communication of personal information is scrambled and then coded, making it unreadable to any person who might attempt to intercept.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. We will not intentionally collect personal identifying information about individuals except when it's specifically and knowingly provided by users of our website. We may use your name and address to send you information on other HealthMD products that may suit your interests. If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please contact our customer service department by emailing custsvc@healthmd.com or by using the unsubscribe link included in every email we send out.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, e-mail, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes, to fill a customer's orders and to send the customer a catalog. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is also used to contact the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies. Once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. Once you close your browser, we do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer.
Third-Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, an outside telemarketing company to take orders and a credit card processing company to validate charges. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Questions or Comments?
If users have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone: 1-855-397-3632
Email: custsvc@HealthMD.com