http://www.sunrisegourmet.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Sunrise Bakery
LoginMy AccountView CartCheckout
homebakery & cafeonline store our storypoticacake shoppecontact
Privacy PolicyLast Updated: Tuesday, 19 November 2013 15:46Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.sunrisebakery.com, store.SunriseBakery.com and Sunrise Bakery and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Sunrise Bakery include www.sunrisebakery.com, store.SunriseBakery.com and Sunrise Bakery. The Sunrise Bakery website is a product information, business updates and ecommerce site. By using the Sunrise Bakery website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Sunrise Bakery may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Sunrise Bakery's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Sunrise Bakery. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Sunrise Bakery website.
Sunrise Bakery encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Sunrise Bakery so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Sunrise Bakery is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Sunrise Bakery website.
Use of your Personal Information
Sunrise Bakery collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Sunrise Bakery may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Sunrise Bakery and its affiliates. Sunrise Bakery may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Sunrise Bakery does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Sunrise Bakery may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Sunrise Bakery, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Sunrise Bakery may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Sunrise Bakery, in order to determine what Sunrise Bakery services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Sunrise Bakery to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Sunrise Bakery will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Sunrise Bakery or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Sunrise Bakery; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Sunrise Bakery, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Sunrise Bakery website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Sunrise Bakery pages, or register with Sunrise Bakery site or services, a cookie helps Sunrise Bakery to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Sunrise Bakery website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Sunrise Bakery features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Sunrise Bakery services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Sunrise Bakery uses the following:
GoDaddy SSL Certificates
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Sunrise Bakery does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Sunrise Bakery by contacting us here:
Web page: www.SunriseBakery.com/contact
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Phone: (800) 782-6736
Changes to this Statement
Sunrise Bakery will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Sunrise Bakery encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Sunrise Bakery is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Sunrise Bakery welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Sunrise Bakery has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Sunrise Bakery at:
Sunrise Bakery2810 Diane LaneHibbing, Minnesota 55746
Email Address:This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Telephone number:(800) 782-6736
Effective as of November 19, 2013
Home | Shop Online | Our Story | Potica | Cake Shoppe | ContactPrivacy Policy | Return Policy | Shipping/Delivery Options
Copyright © 2020 Sunrise Bakery, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Creative Design by Pink Tie Design. Tech Design, Hosting & Promotion: Byers Media