http://www.switchplates.com/privacy.html
HomePrivacy Notice
Privacy Notice
1. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is
copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used except as provided in
these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of the Company. The
Company neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed
on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or
affiliated with the Company.
2. While the Company uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to
date information in the Site, the Company makes no warranties or
representations as to its accuracy. The Company assumes no liability or
responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
3. Neither the Company nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or
delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential,
indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the
Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to
you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please
note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied
warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your
local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of
implied warranties. The Company also assumes no responsibility, and shall not
be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer
equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing
in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video,
or audio from the Site.
4. Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property
of, or used with permission by, the Company. The use of these images by you,
or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted
by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the
Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark
laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and
statutes.
5. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the
"Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered
Trademarks of the Company and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be
construed as granting, by implication, estoppels, or otherwise, any license or
right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written
permission of the Company or such third party that may own the Trademarks
displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or
any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and
Conditions, is strictly prohibited.
6. The Company has not reviewed all of the websites linked to the Site and is
not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any other websites
linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-Site pages or other websites
is at your own risk.
7. While we are always happy to hear from you, it is the Company policy not to
accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those
we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas
are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore we must
request that you do not send to us any original creative materials such as
original artwork, written works, etc. Any communication or material you do
transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as
non-confidential and non-proprietary. The Company or its affiliates may use
anything you transmit or post for any purpose, including, but not limited to,
reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.
Furthermore, the Company is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or
techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose
whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and
marketing products using such information.
8. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Company and its affiliates, and
their respective officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers
and licensors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless
from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses
(including attorneys' fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection
with any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. The Company reserves the
right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you
agree to cooperate with the Company defense of such claim.
9. The Site is controlled and operated by the Company. The Company makes no
representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use
in locations and countries outside of our business location. Those who choose
to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are
responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws
are applicable. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or
for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable
from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of
any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties
relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in
writing, signed by the Company.
Privacy Policy
The Company, is committed to protecting your privacy. The Company does not
sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. In summary we are
committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the
site to make shopping at the Company possible and to enhance your overall
shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information
to others.
Shop by Theme
Switchplates
Home
Animal Theme Wall Plates
Automobiles
Baby & Children Themed Wall Plates
Bath & Laundry Room Themes
Beverage & Food Wall Plates
Cats & Dog Wall Plates
Chicken & Rooster Wall Plates
Cowboy / Western Themes
Dance Themed Wall Plates
Día de los Muertos Themes
Dinosaur Themed Wall Plates
Fairies & Mystical Themes
Flower / Florals Wall Plates
Frog Wall Plates
Fruit Themed Wall Plates
Fun & Silly
Holiday / Christmas Wall Plates
Horse & Cowboy Themed Wall Plates
Insect / Butterfly
Jazz / African Wall Plates
Kitchen & Herb Motifs
Lighthouse Wall Plates
Marine Animals / Sea Life Themes
Master Artists / Impressionists
Botticelli Wall Plates
Da Vinci Wall Plates
Degas Wall Plates
Hokusai Wall Plates
Klimt Wall Plates
Matisse Wall Plates
Michelangelo Wall Plates
Monet Wall Plates
Picasso Wall Plates
Van Gogh Wall Plates
Music and Opera Themes
Oriental Motifs
Paris - New York Wall Plates
Pirates
Poster Art
Space Themed Wall Plates
Spiritual & Religious Themes
Sports Wall Plates
Train Themes
Tropical / Beach Themes
Wine & Grape Wall Plates
Odd Sized Switch Covers / Combos
Transaction Processing
Newsletter signup
Join our mailing list for updates and special ofers!
Switch Plates
909-980-7960
Checkout
Switch Plates
Night Lights
Wholesale Information
Contact Us
Testimonials
Order Status
View Cart
RSS
SiteMap
Return Policy
Wholesale Information
Contact Us
Privacy
About SwitchPlates.com
Copyright © Switch Plates.com, . All rights reserved.