http://www.immortalitea.com/pages/our-privacy-policy
arrow-right
cart
chevron-down
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-up
close
menu
minus
play
plus
search
share
user
email
pinterest
facebook
instagram
snapchat
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
youtube
subscribe
dogecoin
dwolla
forbrugsforeningen
litecoin
amazon_payments
american_express
bitcoin
cirrus
discover
fancy
interac
jcb
master
paypal
stripe
visa
diners_club
dankort
maestro
trash
SHOP
About us
—Our Team
—Our Values
—Shipping & Returns
—Contact Us
Reviews
Jiaogulan (Gynostemma pentaphyllum)
White Mulberry (Morus alba)
White Mulberry Matcha (Kuwacha)
Integra Tea (health tonic blend)
Hibiscus Flower (Hibiscus sabdariffa)
Log in
Create account
SHOP
About us
Reviews
Our Privacy Policy
At Immortalitea we're committed to privacy and security for all of our clients. Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed a Privacy Statement as indicated below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Under no circumstances do we transfer your email address to any other company, nor do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs.
There are two ways you can provide us with and consent to our collection of certain personal information:
E-mail Request - Links throughout our site provide you with the opportunity to contact us via e-mail to ask questions, request information and materials, or provide comments and suggestions. You may also be offered the opportunity to have one of our Sales Representatives contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services. To do so, we may request additional personal information from you, such as your name and telephone number, to help us satisfy your request.
Enrollment - You may choose to enroll for one of our products or services where we will request certain information from you. Depending on the type of product or service that you request, you may be asked to provide different personal information. For certain products and services, we may require your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number. Other products and services may require different or supplemental information from you in order to apply.
COOKIES AND REMARKETING
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise Immortalitea across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Immortalitea website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say “This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can point your visitors to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
STATISTICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR VISIT
Information obtained while visiting our site does not identify you personally, but rather records information about a visit to our site. We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our site, which pages people visit, and which browsers people use. We use these statistics about your visit to help us improve the performance of our web site and over all user experience.
YOUR ABILITY TO OPT-OUT OF FURTHER NOTIFICATIONS
Periodically, we notify our customers of new products, announcements, and updates. If you would like to opt-out of being notified, please contact us at customersfirst@immortalitea.com
The information provided on our site is for informational purposes only and is not intended as medical advice nor to replace medical advice from your physician.* Our products have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration and are not approved to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease.
Shopping Cart
Liquid error: Could not find asset snippets/bk-tracking.liquid