http://www.holden.co.uk/privacy_policy
Free UK Delivery over £100
expert advice
Quick Shop
CALL 01885 488 488
Email sales@holden.co.uk
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 02/05/2018
We respect privacy and your rights to control your personal data. Our principle guidelines are simple. We will be clear about the data we collect and why. We do not and will not sell your data to third parties.
This Privacy Statement (the 'Statement') explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how we will use it. Personal information is any information that can be used to identify you or that we can link to you. The Statement also elaborates on the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. Please read this Statement carefully to understand how Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd may collect, use and share your personal information. The terms 'we', 'us', or 'Holden' are each intended as reference to Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd.
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name, phone number, email address and postal address: for instance, when you make a purchase on our website or when you subscribe to our mailing list.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information using cookies and similar technologies when you use, access or interact with us via our websites or app. We may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access our websites, the operating system and version, your IP address, your general geographic location, as indicated by your IP address, your browser type, the webpages you view on our websites, whether you interact with content available on our websites and how.
Customer Interactions with Holden
To make the information in this Statement easy to understand, we have highlighted different occasions when Holden could potentially collect personal information from customers. The customer interactions with Holden are broken down into the following segments:
Buying Holden Products
When you buy from us, you may be asked to provide information so that we can complete your purchase.
We collect: your name, phone number (optional), email address, delivery/shipping address, and payment information.
Why: We use this information to complete your transaction, carry out any follow up with you about your purchase, help with any delivery issues, handle returns, and other issues related to the purchase of Holden Products. Processing your personal data for this purpose is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you. Please note, we do not store any payment or credit card information. We only use payment information in connection with the purchase of Holden products.
How We Use Personal Information
Holden uses the data we collect to provide you with the Products and Services we offer and personalise your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
Holden uses the data for the following purposes:
Customer Support
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
Business Operations
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
Customer Support
We use data to respond to customer enquiries and provide other customer care and support services. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of our Holden Products and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Business Operations
We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalise our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication (including through the Holden app) to inform you about new Holden products or services, new music services available in your area, security or software updates, update you on a support issue, invite you to take part in a survey. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant Holden advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit Your Rights and Choices.
To give you a better understanding of the personal information we collect and use in different occasions you may interact with Holden, please see the sections below.
How We May Share Personal Information
Holden does not and will not sell personal information about our customers. We only disclose your data as described in this Statement. We may share information with the following types of third parties.
Third Party Vendors
Holden uses a variety of third-party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, online product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email communications. We only share your personal data as necessary. To complete a transaction, provide a Product or Service you have requested or authorised and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Statement. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for performing services on behalf of Holden and in accordance with this Statement. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes. For questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to privacy@holden.co.uk.
Holden-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries
We share information with Holden-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes, such as, internal administration, promoting Holden products and providing customers with our products and services. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Compelled Disclosure
When legally required, strictly necessary for the performance of the services or to protect our rights, or the rights of our affiliates or users, we disclose your personal information to authorities, investigative organisations, our affiliates or in legal proceedings.
Sale or Merger
We may share your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets. Of course, we shall notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website and inform you of your rights.
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to complete your purchase from our website, to register and maintain your account, to help with delivery issues and to handle returns.
Consent
If you opt-in to our mailing list or website promotions, then you have given consent for us to send you emails with relevant promotional and/or news about Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd. You can remove this consent by clicking an unsubscribe link in any of the emails we send.
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Security
Holden is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. However, while we take reasonable precautions to guard the personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable.
While no Service is completely secure, Holden takes precautionary measures to help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and that are in controlled facilities. We also ensure that our third-party data centre vendors provide adequate security measures. Additionally, your data is protected with encryption, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), during transition over the Internet.
You can only access your Holden account information and our service using an individual user login and password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Please notify us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. You should always log out and close your browser when you finish your session. Please note, we will never ask you to disclose your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@holden.co.uk.
Storage
Personal data collected by Holden may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States or in any other country where Holden or its affiliates are located or maintain facilities. Holden has put in place adequate mechanisms to protect personal information when it is transferred internationally, for example by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Retention
Holden will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to enable you to use the website and your product, to provide services to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal information we retain will be subject to this Privacy Statement and our internal retention guidelines. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal information we process about you, please send an email to privacy@holden.co.uk.
Your Rights and Choices
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways:
you can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
you can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you;
in certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to ways in which we are using your personal information; and
in certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party.
Where we are using your personal information based on your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. Please do inform us promptly of any changes to or inaccuracies in your personal information by contacting privacy@holden.co.uk.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your personal information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority.
Your Choices
Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from Holden by following the instructions included in every email sent to you via the Unsubscribe tab. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags, web beacons, and other identifiers to help us personalise our website for you, remember your preferences, understand how users are using our website or app, and help customise our marketing offerings.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Holden uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the following types of cookies on our website.
Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.
Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimise our website and make it easier for you to navigate.
Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make while browsing and personalise your experience. We may store your geographic location in a cookie for instance, to ensure that we show you the website relevant to your area.
Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at www.holden.co.uk.
How to control Cookie settings
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may impair your overall user experience, as it will no longer be personalised to you. Some browsers offer a 'Do Not Track' (DNT) signal where you can indicate your preference regarding tracking and cross-site tracking. Although we do not currently employ technology that recognises DNT signals, we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Statement.
Pixels
In addition to cookies, we sometimes use small graphic images known as 'pixels' (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We use pixels in our email communications to you (if you have selected to receive such communications) to help us to understand whether our email communication has been viewed.
Advertising and Modern Marketing Tools
To help more people listen to more music on Holden, we use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts.
Holden may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Holden Products and Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this interest-based advertising, parties combine non-personal data about your online activities over time which helps cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a Holden advertisement on a Facebook page, or a Google owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google's advertising network. We do not share your personal information as part of this process. Where necessary, we obtain your consent for this process. At all times, you can opt out of these personalised ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.
If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please email privacy@holden.co.uk.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Holden may modify or update this Statement when necessary, to reflect customer feedback and changes in our products and services. Please review it regularly. When we update this Statement, we will revise the 'Last Update' date at the top of the Statement. If there are material changes to the Statement or in how Holden uses your personal data, we will inform you either by posting a notice of such changes, prior to them taking place, or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to regularly review this Statement to learn more how Holden is using and protecting your information.
Privacy FAQ
The following are basic questions you may have about our privacy statement. We recommend that you read the detailed statement above for additional details.
Why is Holden updating its privacy statement?
We now meet the high standards required by the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and have updated our privacy statement to reflect that. We also strive to simplify language and remove jargon, to make our privacy statement easier to read and understand.
What is the GDPR?
The GDPR is a regulation intended to strengthen and unify data protection for everyone within the European Union (EU). As we believe that all our customers can benefit from its mandates, we're implementing it globally. The GDPR requires greater openness and transparency from companies on how they collect, store and use personal data, while also imposing tighter limits on the use of personal data.
How often do you anticipate updating your privacy statement?
We will update our privacy statement as necessary to ensure that our policies are in line with international regulations, our product and business practices.
What information does Holden collect about me? Holden collects your name, phone number, email address, delivery address, payment information, location data, IP address, data provided by cookies and other similar technologies.
Why does Holden need my information?
Holden uses data to provide you with the best experience from the products and services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalise your experiences. We also use data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your account, new products or services available, security and other types of updates.
How is my information used?
Holden uses data for the following purposes:
Website Improvement
Customer Support
Communication and Marketing
How does collecting my information help Holden improve their website?
We use Google analytics update and re-engineer our website to ensure customers have the best possible experience of the shopping process.
Does Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd sell information to third parties?
No. We never have. And we never will.
How do I delete my personal data from Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd and what are the consequences?
You can always send us an email via privacy@holden.co.uk or contact our Customer Care team and request that your data be deleted.
Do Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd keep or share my credit card information?
No. It's only used to process your payment at the time of purchase.
How long do Holden keep my information?
Holden retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide services, support your Product and fulfil transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different Products or Services, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
How is information stored and secured on Holden's servers?
Holden is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Any data we transmit over the internet is protected using encryption.
Do Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd use cookies or pixels to gather information?
We use cookies and other similar technologies like pixels, tags and web beacons when you visit our website or use our App. By visiting our website or using our app, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes described in our privacy statement. This helps us to provide you with the best experience and allows certain parts of our website to function properly. You can always adjust your browser or device settings to not accept cookies and similar technologies if this concerns you.
Do Holden Vintage & Classic Ltd use interest-based advertising?
Yes. We work with third-party advertisers that utilise cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Holden on our website and across the internet. To provide interest-based advertising, advertisers combine non-personal data obtained about your online activities over time to customise the advertising delivered to you. We do not share your personal information to do this.
How can I contact Holden if I have questions regarding Holden' privacy statement?
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send us an email to privacy@holden.co.uk.
Share this story
Useful information
Holden Vintage and Classic Ltd
Linton Trading Estate
Bromyard
Herefordshire
HR7 4QT
Tel 01885 488 488
Fax 01885 488889
Email sales@holden.co.uk
Visit Our Shop
Our shop is full of helmets, goggles, motorcycle jackets, books, prints, products, gift ideas and more.
If you are looking for something not on display, our shop assistant can retrieve this for you from our warehouse located above the shop, which is great if you are looking for something specific and want to see your options side by side.
We are open:
Monday to Friday - 9.00am to 5.00pm
Saturday - Closed until further notice
Closed Sundays and Bank Holiday weekends
Holden Vintage & Classic