http://www.paperzone.com/privacy-policy
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Copy Paper
Multipurpose Paper
Cardstock
Writing Paper
Recycled Paper
Colored Paper
Shop by Size
8.5" x 11" Paper
8.5" x 14" Paper
11" x 17" Paper
12" x 18" Paper
13" x 19" Paper
14" x 20" Paper
14.33" x 20.5" Paper
14.33" x 26" Paper
Categories
Paper
Stationery
Photo Paper
Vellum Paper
Tracing Paper
Drawing Paper
Art & Craft Paper
Textured Paper
Shop by Color
White Paper
Black Paper
Ivory Paper
Red Paper
Blue Paper
Green Paper
Yellow Paper
Orange Paper
Purple Paper
Pink Paper
Silver Paper
Gold Paper
Gray Paper
Brown Paper
Clear Paper
Copy Paper
Multipurpose Paper
Cardstock
Writing Paper
Recycled Paper
Colored Paper
Shop by Size
8.5" x 11" Paper
8.5" x 14" Paper
11" x 17" Paper
12" x 18" Paper
13" x 19" Paper
14" x 20" Paper
14.33" x 20.5" Paper
14.33" x 26" Paper
Resume Paper
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you provide to us such as your name, address, and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Additionally, with your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery, or return a purchase, we ask that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or we will provide you with an opportunity to say no.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use, or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at contact@paperzone.com or mailing us at: PaperZone 227 Union Street, Northvale, NJ, 07647, United States
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - PAYMENT TERMS
Our store is hosted by SmarterAsp.net. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data however, is stored through Authorize.net's data storage, databases, and their general application on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Authorize.net will store your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Authorize.net's Terms of Use or their Privacy Statement.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either yourself or us, PaperZone. Therefore, if you proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by our Privacy Policy or by our Terms of Service.
Additionally, when you click on links in our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow the best industry practices to make sure that data is not lost, misused, inappropriately accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional industry standards to ensure regular and safe transmission.
COOKIES
Our website uses and stores cookies to provide return visitors a smooth and streamlined shopping experience. If you wish to opt-out of cookie usage, disable them in browser. PaperZone.com will not collect any additional information after doing so.
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you affirm that you are at least the age of majority (adulthood) in your state or province of residence or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired by or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend, or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at contact@paperzone.com or by mail at PaperZone
[Re: PaperZone]
[227 Union Street, Northvale, NJ, 07647, United States]
----
Information
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
About us
Contact us
Customer service
Search
Recently viewed products
New products
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Shopping cart
Wishlist
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter
Wait...
Copyright © 2020 PaperZone. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce
Default clean
NopElectro