http://www.maine-camp.com/legal/privacy.php
Camp Director Programs
How the Program Works
Direct Sales to Camps
Information Request
Privacy Policy
Maine Camp Outfitters knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Maine Camp Outfitters, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.What personal information about customers does Maine Camp Outfitters gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Maine Camp Outfitters.
Here are the types of information we gather.
Information you give us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Maine Camp Outfitters. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at Maine Camp Outfitters, if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
What about cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Maine-Camp.com's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.Does Maine Camp Outfitters
share the information it receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of Maine Camp Outfitters and others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Maine Camp Outfitters, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.How secure is information about me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
Maine Camp Outfitters will not sell, rent, lease, and/or give your personal information to any outside organization and/or company, except if or when certain products on our website are shipped directly from camps, distributors and/or manufacturers and it may be necessary to pass along your shipping information for order fulfillment.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.Conditions of use, notices, and revisions
If you choose to visit Maine Camp Outfitters, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of Maine. If you have any concern about privacy at Maine Camp Outfitters, please send us a thorough description to info@maine-camp.com and we will try to resolve it. Since our business changes constantly, this Notice and the Conditions of Use will change accordingly, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
Contacting the website: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Maine Camp Outfitters300 Sunset RoadSunset, ME 04683
Maine Camp Outfitters ~ www.Maine-Camp.com
1-800-560-6090
privacy policy | © Copyright Maine Camp Outfitters. All rights reserved.
Maine website design by Barnstormer Design Group