http://www.oneworldprojects.com/w-privacy.shtml
This is a simple and straight forward personal information web privacy statement
(in black and white).
The information we know and store is what you choose to give us when you send us email, call us, fax us,
give us a business card at a trade show, etc.
We won't sell your information to anyone.
Period.
We do not participate in any email sharing deals with other sites or
any direct mailing houses (shudder!!).
We don't like our personal information being sold,
so we're certainly not going to do that with yours.
We utilize PayPal's (www.paypal.com) services to
be a secure on-line intermediary for transacting our check, credit card and PayPal payments.
You are not required to become a PayPal member.
If you ever wish to bypass PayPal's on-line processing,
just call us and we'll process your payment directly.
If you've ordered an item on-line and we have a question about your order, for example if something
is now out of stock, or if we have a question as to how best to service your order, we may
email or call you (it's really helpful in those cases if you provide us with a phone number with your order).
Receive Email News fromOne World Projects
We use the services of Constant Contact to
help us create and manage our email mailing list.
If you add yourself to that list, you'll be informed when we put items on sale, and will be among
the first to know when we add items to the site.
Other topics may include artisan group profiles, Phil's travels for new products, thoughts on compassionate trade, etc.
We promise not to overburden your inbox, and if you have any feedback for us, we'd be
interested in hearing from you.
WHOLESALE QUERIES:
Wholesale buyers will be placed on our
email and snail-mail lists.
We send a snail-mail wholesale newsletter 2 or 3 times a year.
We've not had a customer ask not to receive it, but if you don't want to see our new products and news via that newsletter,
we won't take it personally.
(We assume you would rather get our news from our web site than from paper.)
Just ask us to remove you from the Wholesale Snail-mail List.
Please if you have any questions about our privacy statement.
Your Global Marketplace for Socially and Environmentally Responsible Gifts
One World Projects, Inc. Billing Address 43 Ellicott Ave
Batavia, NY 14020
Store/Warehouse 56 Harvester Ave
Batavia, NY 14020
Tel: 585.343.4490
Fax: 585.344.3551E-mail: sales@oneworldprojects.com
NEW!
Gift Certificates for on-line purchases!
A thoughtful gift any day, any time.
[Home]
[About Us]
[Products]
[Search]
[What's New]
[Affiliates]
[Contact Us]
[Privacy]
And don't forget to visit
our Clearance Page frequently!
Fairly Traded Gifts from Around the World
One World Projects is a
member of the Fair Trade Federation,
Coop America, Social Venture Network, and the
Aid to Artisan Trade Network.
We're committed to helping economically disadvantaged artisans and farmers worldwide in a environmentally beneficial manner.
Retail Shipping/Handling Charge
within the Continental US for most products
We've added expedited shipping (2-day or overnight) options at checkout.
NOTE that these options are for continental US orders only - please contact us for personalized service for other delivery locations.
Orders for expedited shipping must be received before 2pm EST on weekdays. Please include your phone number!
See
expedited shipping rates.
1.We usually ship retail orders within 1-3 business days of order placement.
2. We'll ship our products outside the continental US by doing an
individualized shipping calculation for you. Please
contact us,
saying what you'd like to purchase, and where you'd like it shipped.
3. Oversize / heavy items have a separate shipping fee and don't use this shipping table.
See a full explanation.
4. A few items have an additional shipping fee listed in the description.
5. Some items do not have an add-to-cart button by them, but they can be purchased -
simply contact us for a personally calculated order.
Dollar Amount
Shipping Cost
$0 - $25.00$7.00
$25.01 - $74.99$8.50
$75.01 - 99.99$10.50
$100.00 and up
FREE Ground Shipping!
(additional shipping fee on a few
large items still applies)