https://www.contemporarycorvette.com/privacy-policy
MENU
Home
Parts CatalogSearch our entire used parts catalog
Used PartsFind parts for Corvettes and other late model autos
New PartsFind new Corvette parts
eBay StoreSee what we have available on our eBay Store
Wreck of the WeekThe latest wrecked Corvettes that arrived at our lot
Contemporary Corvette Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Contemporary Corvette collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.contemporarycorvette.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Contemporary Corvette.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Contemporary Corvette may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contemporary Corvette has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Contemporary Corvette
2705 Old Rodgers Road
Bristol, PA 19007
215-788-8605
Email: info@contemporarycorvette.com
This document was last updated on November 15, 2013
Follow @ContempCorvette
Follow @ContempCorvette
Subscribe to Our Mailing List
Get advance notice of upcoming sales and special offers at Contemporary Corvette delivered to your inbox by adding your email address to our mailing list.
SUBSCRIBE
News
Shipping Calculator Feature
No shipping cost displayed or you want an item that doesn't ship free? No more filling out forms to find your shipping cost! Simply click on the "details" button then enter you zip code in the box and click "GET SHIPPING COST" Your shipping quote will then appear.
About Our Inventory
Our inventory comes from mostly insurance aution purchases. We buy vehicles from the insurance companies,ship them here then expertly dismantle and clean all good/usable parts. The site only has a tiny fraction of what is available. More inventory can be seen in our EBAY store www.stores.ebay/fparts. If you don't see what you need, please email or give us a cal at 1-800-367-8388. Cars arrive on a continuios basis which means our inventory is always changing! Don't forget to visit our Wreck of the Week page.
Safe and Easy to Order Online!
Our online ordering process is safe, secure and easy!
1. Click on "details".
2. Click on "add to cart".
3. Chose payment method. Credit/debit card or paypal.
We ship To The United States Only!
Currently we ship only to United States (lower 48)
Many items ship free!
All items are packed with great care, insured and have tracking.
Self-Help Videos
Installation of Corvette C6 Vanity Mirror Cover
Installation of Corvette C6 vanity mirror cover
Read More
Tour Of Our Facility
Here is a brief tour of our facility. Taken a few years ago, this gives you an overview of our yard.
Read More
Blog
History of the C5 Corvette | Corvette Parts
Next generation C5 corvette parts are completely unique to this generation. The only similarity was the displacement of the engine at 5.7 Liters which was rated an 345 bhp and 350 lb.ft of torque.
Read More
C4 Corvette History | Contemporary Corvette
1984 marked the first year of the C4 (4th) generation Corvette.
The production ran from 1984-1996 and all C4 Corvette parts were unique as this new style was completely redesigned for the first time in 15 years.
Read More
Wreck of the Week
Each week we will post a new wreck that has arrived at Contemporary Corvette. Check back to see if that part you've been looking for ends up in our yard!
February 19, 2016
View our past "Wrecks of the Week"
***Please Note: Wrecks of the Week are PARTS ONLY cars. They are NOT for sale.***