http://www.ironfinder.com/home/terms_of_use
Sign In
1-949-642-6484  |
CONTACT US
Sign In
Shopping Cart
Order Status
HOME Single Irons
NOTICE: Cookies Not Enabled. Click Here for Details
Choose a Category
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Help Directory
Home
Shipping Information
How To Order
Return Policy
FAQ's
Contact Us
Condition Guidelines
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
About Us
Related Links
Site Map
Thought you would like to know that the club arrived today. I am very pleased with the Taylor Made 8 iron.
Thank you very much.
I will most certainly pass on to my friends about your company.
Its been a pleasure to deal with you, excellent product and most efficient.
Robin M.Dorset, UK
Monday, December 8, 2008
Ironfinder Website Terms of UseBack
ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. USING THIS WEBSITE INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE BELOW STATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Click HERE to print this page for your records.
General
These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to this Website maintained by Ironfinder, Inc. ("Ironfinder.com"), a California corporation, and to the products sold through this Website. Ironfinder.com reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to revise these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by updating this posting. Please check these provisions periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Website following the posting of changes to these provisions will mean you accept those changes and that they apply to you.
Use of Site Content
Ironfinder.com maintains this Website and its contents for your convenience of searching for a golf iron and other golf items then currently offered by Ironfinder.com. Please feel free to browse this Website. You may view and download the content displayed on this	Website for your personal and non-commercial use only, provided you retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices	contained within the content. You may not distribute, retransmit, republish, reuse, repost, or use the contents of this Website for	public or commercial purposes, without Ironfinder.com's prior written permission. You may not alter or interfere with the content or	functioning of the Website, or "mirror" any content contained on this Website on any other server.
If you breach any of the Terms or Conditions of Use, your right to use this Website will terminate automatically, and Ironfinder.com will be entitled to pursue all remedies under law and in equity.
Disclaimer of Warranty of Website
Ironfinder.com does not warrant nor represent that the content at this Website is accurate, or that this Website’s operation will be error free or uninterrupted, or that it will be free of viruses or other harmful components. Your use of this Website is at your own risk. Ironfinder.com does not warrant that your use of the contents displayed on this Website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned or affiliated with Ironfinder.com. Information published at this Website may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. In states, which restrict or do not allow the limitation or exclusion of certain warranties or conditions, the above exclusions shall apply to the maximum extent permitted under law.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability as to Products Sold
All of Ironfinder.com’s offered products are sold 'AS-IS' EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, IRONFINDER.COM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCTS SOLD THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,	MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY OF THE NEW PRODUCTS PROVE DEFECTIVE FOLLOWING THEIR PURCHASE, YOU AND NOT IRONFINDER.COM, THE IRONFINDER.COM BOARD OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR SHAREHOLDERS, THE MANUFACTURER, DISTRIBUTOR, OR RETAILER ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIR.
You agree that your sole and exclusive remedy, and the sole and exclusive maximum liability to Ironfinder.com arising from the sale, description, delivery, or use of any product sold through this Website shall be the Ironfinder.com sales price amount of the product that you paid to Ironfinder.com, whether in an action under contract, tort or any other theory. In no event shall Ironfinder.com, its directors, officers, employees, shareholders or other representatives be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages related to sold product. In states, which restrict or do not allow the above limitations of liability, the above limitations shall apply to the maximum extent permitted under law.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, Ironfinder.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for	any and all products listed at the incorrect price, or based on incorrect information. Ironfinder.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is subsequently canceled, Ironfinder.com shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge or otherwise refund your payment.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Ironfinder.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Ironfinder.com reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed over $50.00 (U.S.) must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment. Ironfinder.com may delay shipment of any order, at its discretion, to verify payment acceptance. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
Return Policy
Ironfinder.com's product return policy is found at Return Policy, and is incorporated	herein by reference.
Sales/Use Tax - Domestic
Ironfinder.com shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within California. Each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other state.
Links
This Website may from time to time display links to other websites or resources sponsored by third parties as a convenience to you.	Ironfinder.com is not responsible or liable for, and does not endorse, the content or operation of such third-party websites,	including but not limited to the advertising, products or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. Various third-party websites may provide links to this Website. Ironfinder.com has not reviewed any or all of the third-party websites linked to this Website. Ironfinder.com is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other websites linked to this Website. Your linking to this Website, off site pages or other websites is at your own risk.
Copyrights
The content at this Website is copyrighted and any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy	and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. The copyright in all content provided on this Website is held by Ironfinder.com or by the original creator of the content, as applicable. Except as provided in these Terms and Conditions of Use, such content may not be reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Ironfinder.com or the copyright owner.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, and logos ("Trademarks") used and displayed on this Website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Ironfinder.com, the respective manufacturers and others. Nothing on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this Website, without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Ironfinder.com aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. Ironfinder.com owns the trademark "IRONFINDER". Any questions concerning the use of this Trademark should be referred to Ironfinder.com at (949) 642-6484.
Privacy Statement
The privacy statement of Ironfinder.com is found at Privacy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference.
Other
Ironfinder.com controls and operates this Website from its offices in Costa Mesa, California, United States of America and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate for use in other locations. If you use this Website from other locations you	are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use will be governed by the laws of the State	of California, as applied to contracts entered into between California residents and performed in California. Any dispute arising out	of these Terms and Conditions of Use or your use of this Website or the products sold through this Website will be exclusively heard	in the state or federal courts located in Orange County, California, United States of America, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You may not use or export or re-export the materials or content at this Website or any copy or adaptation thereof in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation U.S. export laws and regulations. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions of Use state the entire agreement between the parties relating to use of this Website and the products sold through this Website. The Terms and Conditions of Use may not be amended except as provided above.
Note: If you are an owner of intellectual property and you believe that your intellectual property has been improperly posted or distributed via this Website, please notify Ironfinder.com immediately at the following address: 2131 Placentia Ave, Costa Mesa, CA 92627 California USA. You may also reach Ironfinder.com by e-mail addressed to
Thought you would like to know that the club arrived today. I am very pleased with the Taylor Made 8 iron.
Thank you very much.
I will most certainly pass on to my friends about your company.
Its been a pleasure to deal with you, excellent product and most efficient.
Robin M.Dorset, UK
Monday, December 8, 2008
WHY SHOP WITH US?
DEDICATED SERVICE
Consult our specialists for help with an order or for selection advice.
Expert Advice >
EASY RETURNS
We stand behind our clubs and want you to be satisfied with them.
Return Policy >
WORLDWIDE SHIPPING
Various shipping options to the US and over 70 countries.
Learn More >
More Info
Quick Links
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Contact Us
About Us
FAQ
Privacy Statement
Terms Of Use
Site Map
Contact Information
Address:2131 Placentia Ave.Costa Mesa, California 92627 USA
Phone:Local / International:1-949-642-6484USA:1-949-642-6484
Email:Buy from us:
Sell to us:
Business Days / Hours:Mon - Fri 9am to 4:30pm Pacific time
Like us
Copyright © 1995-2020 Ironfinder, Inc. All rights reserved.
×
eMail Address:
Password: 6 to 64 characters
Security Question:
Hint:
K
C
H
What is the COLOR of the LEFTMOST character?
Show as B&W
Sign In
Reset Password
Remember me
Cancel
View your hint?
Forgot password?