http://www.secretstoragebooks.com/pages/privacy
Currency
USD $
AUD $
CAD $
EUR €
GBP £
USD $
My Account
Welcome to Secret Storage Books!
Login
Create Account
0
Home
Shop
All Collections
All Book Safes
Vintage Book Safes
Traditional Book Safes
Premium Book Safes
Custom Book Safes
Wedding Book Safes
Deals
REVIEWS
Ship info
Ship-a-Gift
Holiday deadlines
About
About us
About Book Safes
FAQ
Blog
not-so-secret-news
CONTACT
Currency
USD $
AUD $
CAD $
EUR €
GBP £
USD $
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Secret Storage Books!
Login
Create Account
Home
Updated Privacy Policy
Updated Privacy Policy
We appreciate the fact that you put your trust in Secret Storage Books when you talk and shop with us on our website. We promise to safeguard your privacy and treat you and your information with respect.
Why We Need Your Information and How We Use It
I rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfill your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;
when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for my mailing list;
if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and
as necessary for the purpose of my legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as 1) providing and improving my services. I use your information to provide the services you requested and in my legitimate interest to improve my services; and 2) Compliance with the Shopify platform's Seller Policy and Terms of Use.
We will only collect information from you for the purposes of responding to your requests and orders, and shopping choices.  We will never sell or share your name or other information to a third party for profit, nor is any credit card information saved in my store; credit card payments are processed through a secure shopping cart by Shopify Payments following all industry security requirements. Your information is held for as long as Secret Storage Books has this website.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
Payments. I share information with Shopify payments and PayPal as necessary to provide you my services and comply with my obligations.
Service providers. I engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to my shop, such as couriers to ship your order
Cookies:  To help me re-engage you as a customer I may show display ads on other sites you visit after you leave my site.
Business transfers. If I sell or merge my business, I may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.
Compliance with laws. I may collect, use, retain, and share your information if I have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce my agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of my customers, or others.
Data Retention
I retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and tax regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements. I generally keep your data for the following time period: 7 years.
Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EU
I may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, I may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. If I am deemed to transfer information about you outside of the EU, I rely on Privacy Shield as the legal basis for the transfer, as Google Cloud is Privacy Shield certified.
Our website runs on the Shopify eCommerce platform and includes third party applications that help us operate the website.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of those third parties that we do not own or control, including Shopify or any third party services you access through Shopify. Your information is shared with these applications and we have ensured to the best of our ability that they are compliant with the EU’s new data privacy law, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can see these third party's own Privacy statements to learn more about their own practices.
Here are links to the applications that I share your data with to communicate, sell and print your orders:
Shopify
Seguno
Forsberg+2
Criteo
Phone Numbers
During checkout, you will be asked for your phone number. This is to ensure we can reach you if a rush order needs clarification. Some shipments are sent by couriers who requires that a phone number accompany the shipment. If you sign up for email notifications, we will ask you to opt in, to be sure you are only getting the information you want.
Emails
You need to opt in for email sign up by confirming you indeed want to receive emails from us for marketing purposes or updates.  You have the right to opt out of emails anytime by either choosing "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us directly.
Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below:
Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting me - I will send you all the data retained by my website.
Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request.
Object. You can object to (i) my processing of some of your information based on my legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from me after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, I will delete your personal information unless I have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.
Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about my use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
If you have other questions about our privacy policy, please contact us!
(updated June 26, 2019)
About Book Safes
Returns
privacy
© 2020 Secret Storage Books | Powered by Shopify
American Express
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Visa