http://www.goldenthreads.com/policies/
Home |
Events
Login
PRODUCTS
Books/DVDs
Quilted Garments
Closeout Sales & Specials
Designers
Digitized Quilting Designs
New Items
Notions
Pantographs
Quilt Art
Quilt-As-You-Go Patterns
Quilter's Choice Thread
Quilting Designs
Stencils
Wholecloth Quilt Patterns
QUILTING METHODS
Hand Quilters
Sewing Machine Quilters
Home Frame Quilters
Longarm Quilters
DEALERS
Become a Dealer
Dealer Login
This site is secured using 256-bit SSL security.
SSLWe value the information that you provide to us about your account, and will not use it except to communicate with you about the status of your order and about product news. An automated email confirmation of your order is sent to you upon submission of your order. If you use email filtering, please allow email from GoldenThreads.com prior to submitting your order.
Golden Threads takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to
learn more about our privacy policy.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information
by us as set forth in our Privacy Policy and amended from time to time. If we decide
to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes on this page so
that you are always kept informed of what data we collect, how we use it, and
under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this page for changes
from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
YOUR PRIVACY
At Golden Threads, we are committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize
that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust
us to act in a responsible manner. That's why we have put a policy in place to
protect your personal information. You may always visit our site and browse
without giving us any personal information. Please read on for more details
about our privacy practices.
What Information Do We Collect? How Do We Use It?
At times, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with
personal information. Generally, this information is requested when you
register for an online service or when you provide information in connection
with an online transaction.
When you request our email newsletter, enter
a contest or other promotional event, we may ask for your name, address,
telephone number and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify
winners.
We may use the information we collect for marketing our products
or disclose information to companies that perform marketing services on our
behalf and others with whom we have joint marketing agreements or contractual
relationships.
If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet
that we or our business partners may need -- to correspond with you, or deliver
a product for example, it is our intent to let you know how we will use such
information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used
as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
We, our service providers, and all vendors providing products or
services through our website use your personal information to operate our website.
We intend to continue improving the content and function of our website. For
this reason, we monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us
improve the design and layout of our site and provide content of interest to
you.
HOW DO WE PROTECT CONSUMER INFORMATION?
We take steps to protect the consumer data we collect from unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
COOKIES
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your
browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us to provide you
with more personal service. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you would rather not
store the information for future use.
Will We Disclose the Information We Collect to Outside Parties?
We may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by
applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable
to: (a) protect the rights, safety or property of users of our website, the
public, or our website suppliers; and (b) conform to legal or regulatory
requirements.
Also, we may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic
patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but
these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
CHILDREN
A note to children and parents: We intend this website for use by adults.
Children -- Before sending any information about yourself over the Internet to
us, or anyone else, be sure to ask your parents for permission.
Parents -- We recommend that parents take an active role in their children's
use of the Internet. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and
responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.
Shopping Cart (0 items)
The Learning Center"Cheryl's TLC"
TOPICS
How To Use Our Products
Meet Our Designers
The Quilted Gallery
CUSTOMER SERVICE
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping & Order Information
Security/Privacy Policy
Order Status
My Account
Home
| Events | Sitemap
Copyright 2020 Golden Threads,
501 N. 400 W. North Salt Lake, UT 84054
P. 877-697-8458
F. 801-294-3011