http://www.campbellenterprises.com/terms.php
VIEW CART  /   CHECKOUT
VIEW CART Toggle navigation
Shop By Vehicle
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
Shop By Brand
Search For Parts
SEARCH >
Performance Parts
ATV Dirt Bike and Motorcycle Parts Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters & Parts Connecting Rods Crankshaft Pistons Stroker Kit More Engine Parts Motor Plates
Transmission Bellhousings Transmission Shields
Need Help?
Shop By Vehicle
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
Shop By Brand
Search For Parts SEARCH >
Help ABOUT CECONTACT INFO HELP PAGEPRIVACY POLICYSITE MAP
Performance Parts
ATV Dirt Bike and Motorcycle Parts Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters & Parts Connecting Rods Crankshaft Pistons Stroker Kit More Engine Parts Motor Plates
Transmission Bellhousings Transmission Shields
Policies, Terms and Contact Information CE racing engines contact information Please feel free to contact us in the manner that is most convenient for you. Our normal hours of operation are from 10:00am to 10:00pm EST, Monday through Friday. However if you need to contact us at times other than these please leave a message on our answering system or e-mail us and we will get in touch with you ASAP. Electronic Mail: Please use our contact form. This form cuts down on spam and helps us spend more time helping customers and less clearing out spam. Telephone: 804-779-0888 Phone desk hours are 10am to 10pm Eastern USA Time Zone Live Online Chat ( when representatives are available)
Mail: Campbell Enterprises
6520 Boundary Run Drive
Mechanicsville, VA 23111
Privacy Policy Statement Page
How to order parts or service: Use our online shopping cart system for
parts that are currently in the automated parts listing. You may manually order any available item
by using our secure online order page. Click here to use our secure
online order page You may call: 804-779-0888 during the
hours of 10am to 10pm, EST, Monday through Friday Use our Contact Form Or order by mail: CAMPBELL ENTERPRISES
6520 Boundary Run Drive
Mechanicsville, VA 23111 Payment
We are happy to accept payment by Visa,
MasterCard, Discover, Certified Check, Money order and the PayPal online payment service. We are
happy to accept personal or business checks, but your order will not ship until the check
clears your bank.
Shipping
and Handling
Many
forms of shipping are available on most items. We ship by UPS, and
USPS. Air and priority shipping is available. Our parts prices do not
include shipping, so shipping costs will be added to your order. Orders
of under $100 and shipping to USA addresses are subject to a handling
charge. The handling charge is $7.50 for orders of $0.00 to $49.99 and
drops to $5.00 for orders of $50 to $99.99. Orders of over $100,
shipping to USA addresses, will not be charged any handling fees. All
International orders are subject to a handling fee of $15.00. Returns
and Exchanges
If you have a problem with any items that you purchase from us, please contact us and we will do our best to correct the problem.
There are no returns or refunds for SFI certified transmission shields and flexplate shields. A return authorization number is required to return any items, for any reason. There is a 20% restocking fee for returned items or exchanges, that are not defective. If you need to return an item, contact us for a RA number and return the new/unused item in the original box prepaid within 30 days with a copy of the invoice for a refund/exchange. NO returns will be accepted without a copy of the original invoice, or after 30 days. Return all new/unused product(s) in their original packaging in as new, re sellable condition. Send the package pre-paid (UPS, FedEx or US Postal Service INSURED) to: the address that is provided with the RA number. No COD or freight-collect shipments will be accepted. Credit will be issued for merchandise only - no refunds on handling/shipping charges and if the product you purchase was originally sold with free shipping included, the actual shipping cost we had to pay to have the parts delivered to you will be deducted from your refund. Warranties
and Defects
Inspect your shipment upon arrival. Report any damage or shipping related breakage
immediately to the carrier. Since many of the items we sell are intended for racing
purposes, most do not carry any warranty. Items that do have warranties, have warranties
issued by the manufacturer of the parts and any warranty claim will have to be made
directly with the manufacturer of the part. Items still under manufacturers warranty
may have to be inspected by a factory representative before a refund or exchange can be
authorized.
Pricing
We make every effort to insure the accuracy of the information and
prices presented on this website, however, all prices are subject to
change. If any price is found to be different than the price displayed
to you at the time you place your order, we will contact you and
discuss the difference with you BEFORE taking any action on your order.
After discussing the change with you, we will either proceed with the
order or cancel it based on your instructions. Errors in typographical
content, pricing and photography are subject to correction and may
change without notice. Campbell Enterprises will not honor prices which
are incorrectly listed or have changed since being listed here. Current
prices can always be verified by contacting us.   Effective 01/03/2020 Campbell Enterprises Privacy Policy Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy We are providing this notice to share with you our efforts to better protect your
privacy. The information presented here explains our online information practices
regarding the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Campbell
Enterprises website. At  various locations on our website we may request certain
personal information from you. This mainly occurs in our shopping cart system when you
place an order. We occasionally also provide feedback forms, registration forms, customer
surveys, etc. where we may also request information from you. The types of personal
information we may ask for are as follows:
Name
Address
Shipping Address
Email address
Telephone numbers
Credit/Debit Card, PayPal or other payment type information
When placing an order, you may request that your shipment be sent to an address other
than your own. If you do this we have to ask you for some personal information for the
person that we will be shipping your order to. The information we will request for the
person your shipment is to be sent to is as follows:
Name
Address
Daytime Phone Number
The Way We Use Information: The information you provide about yourself when placing an order is used by us only to
complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the
extent necessary to complete that order and shipping of the order to you or an agent that
you designate. Any information you provide about someone else when placing an order is used by us only
to ship your and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside
parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer Gift Ideas which you can personalize when you order them for another
person.  Information you provide us to enable us to prepare and provide the gift
certificate is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person
receiving the gift and any parties necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses provided by our customers to answer the email we receive. We
will also use those e-mail addresses to send updates regarding the status of your order
and shipping information. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not
shared with outside parties. We also offer e-mail programs to our customers to update them
on special sales, technical updates, etc. These e-mails are distributed only to customers
who have supplied their e-mail address to us. All of our special sale e-mails, technical
notes, updates, etc. include a link that you may use to be removed from our mailing list. You can register on our website if you would like to receive notifications of special
sales. technical information and updates on our new products and services.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to
share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of
individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of
women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be
used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us
online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and protect the information we collect from our customers.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we
never collect or maintain information at our website from those we know to be under age
13. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and
maintain by calling us during normal office hours of 10am to 6pm EST, Monday through
Friday excluding holidays, or by e-mailing us anytime by using our contact form. You may
also mail our office at Campbell Enterprises 6520 Boundary Run Drive, Mechanicsville, VA
23111 USA. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending
us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call
us at 804-779-0888 between the hours of 10am and 6pm, EST, Monday through Friday or send
us an email anytime by using our contact form.
Campbell Enterprises Performance Parts | About | Contact Info | Privacy Policy | Terms
copyright ©
Motorsports Parts Corporation T/A Campbell Enterprises. All rights reserved