https://www.humangivens.com/human-givens-therapy/how-human-givens-helps/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Human Givens / HG Therapy / What to expect
What to expect from human givens therapy
Human givens practitioners* offer practical, solution-focused help that deals with mental and emotional distress in the here and now. They won’t waste time just endlessly listening to you or attempting to dredge up real or imagined miserable memories from the past. Nor do they deal in time-wasting so-called voyages of ‘self-discovery’…
Their psychotherapy training ensures that they have a sound body of evidence-based knowledge and the proven skills to help both adults and children as quickly as possible with a wide variety of emotional and behavioural difficulties.
They learn how to:
reduce anxiety — generalised anxiety, panic attacks, fears, phobias, obsessions (OCD), lack of confidence or overwhelming stress and pressure can be treated effectively
break the cycle of depression — the human givens approach is the best available psychotherapeutic treatment for most cases of depression, even chronic depression can often be lifted quickly and the meaning and joy returned to life
resolve trauma — dissolve the symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), however severe, safely and quickly
manage anger — anger disorders damage health, increase the likelihood of an early death and cause enormous misery among relatives, colleagues and innocent bystanders
stop addictive behaviour — people can be freed from all forms of addiction – alcohol, drugs, gambling, sex, TV and computer games, eating disorders – providing they want to make the effort to stop
relieve medical conditions — many conditions such as psoriasis, eczema, asthma, irritable bowel syndrome, chronic pain and migraine, have an emotional component. Stressful events often trigger an outbreak because emotions affect health – and vice versa
improve relationships — relationship difficulties are often self-perpetuating because our beliefs and reactions to one another trigger patterns of behaviour which stop us solving them. When couples want to stay together but are having problems, human givens therapists can help.
When our emotional needs are not being met, or when our resources are used incorrectly, we suffer considerable distress and so can those around us.
A human givens practitioner, therefore, will focus on helping their client to identify their unmet emotional needs and empower them to meet these needs by activating their own natural resources in new ways. To do this they use a variety of up-to-date, proven techniques aimed at problem solving.
The following knowledge, skills and attitudes are characteristic of the human givens approach.
A human givens counsellor or therapist:
knows how to build rapport quickly
knows how to get good quality information from their clients
understands depression and how to lift it
can help immediately with anxiety problems, including trauma or fear- related symptoms
is prepared to give advice if needed or asked for
will not use jargon or ‘psychobabble’
will not dwell unduly on the past
will be supportive when difficult feelings emerge, but will not encourage people to get emotional beyond the normal need to ‘let go’ of any bottled up problems
may assist clients to develop social skills so that their needs for affection, friendship, pleasure, intimacy and their connection to the wider community can be better fulfilled
will help clients to draw on their own resources (which are usually greater than they think)
will be considerate of the effects of counselling on the people close to their clients
can teach clients to relax deeply when needed
can help clients think about their problems in new and more empowering ways
can use a wide range of techniques
may set tasks between sessions
will take as few sessions as possible
will increase their client’s self confidence and independence and make sure they feel better after every consultation.
Find out more
Find your nearest human givens therapist
PSA Accreditation
The effective counselling checklist
What’s different about the HG approach to therapy and counselling?
The Human Givens Diploma
* Fully qualified human givens practitioners have completed the Human Givens Diploma up to practitioner level (Part 3) and will be listed on the HGI’s professional register, which is accredited in the UK by the Professional Standards Authority for Health and Social Care (PSA).  HG Practitioners who are working towards their full qualification must clearly show their trainee status.
Become a human givens therapist
Share
Share to Facebook
Share to Twitter
Share to LinkedIn
Share to Email
Enjoy 15% OFF!
Introduce a friend or colleague who's new to our training and we’ll reward you both with 15% off your chosen course/s...
Find out more
Find a therapist
Search the HGI's online register to find your nearest human givens therapist
Online register
You might also find these helpful
Self-help series
How to lift depression ... fast
The human givens approach: This book shatters many myths. It provides clear guidelines, with case histories, for helping people get out of depression, even those at high risk of committing suicide.
£9.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 4 customer ratings
View product
Self-help Series
How to master anxiety
All you need to know to overcome stress, panic attacks, phobias, trauma, obsessions & more: Packed full of useful information, this book will not only throw light on the causes of your anxiety but, more importantly, show you how to control it.
£9.99
View product
Self-help series
Release from anger
Practical help for controlling unreasonable rage: Packed with clear advice and practical examples of how to deal with inappropriate anger, whether yours or someone else’s.
Special Offer
£9.99 £8.49
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 1 customer rating
View product
Human Givens
The new approach to emotional health and clear thinking:  the seminal book about the human givens approach, it contains a rich body of psychological knowledge that will strike a chord with any lively mind...
£14.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 10 customer ratings
View product
Self-help Series
Freedom from addiction
The secret behind successful addiction busting: If you want to overcome your own addictive behaviour – whatever it is – or are interested in helping others to overcome theirs, this down-to-earth, easy-to-read book gives the clear guidance and practical steps you need to do so.
£9.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 3 customer ratings
View product
Digital download
Demystifying Autism and Asperger's Syndrome
Help for parents, carers, teachers and others interested in autistic spectrum disorder: Learn how the human givens approach brings clarity and effectiveness to both understanding and supporting those on the autistic spectrum.
£6.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 2 customer ratings
View product
View more publications
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.