http://www.favorfavor.com/terms_etc.php#PrivacyPolicy
Site Assistance
About Us Contact Us Samples Terms & Conditions Shipping Privacy
Order Status View Saved Cart Shopping Cart
(516) 986-3285
$9.99 shipping* on hundreds of items
ends December 31st   *click for details
×
Categories
$0.99 & Under Favors Most Popular Favors Theme Favors Specials / Clearance
WEDDING FAVORS
Printed Glasses
Personalized Favors
- Glasses: Shot, Wine, Flutes etc - Candles - Ribbons - Napkins & Matches - Hershey's Mini Chocolates - Express Personalized Favors - Mint Tins - Pens - Coffee & Tea - Hershey's Kisses - Honey - Lip Balm - Mugs
Glasses: Shot, Wine, Flutes etc Candles Ribbons Napkins & Matches Hershey's Mini Chocolates Express Personalized Favors Mint Tins Pens Coffee & Tea Hershey's Kisses Honey Lip Balm Mugs
Personalized Votive Candle Favors $0.89
See Details
Personalized Stemless Wine Glass Favors $1.19
See Details
Newest Favors
View All New Favors
Tea Time Ceramic Tea Cup & Saucer Candle Holder $2.04
See Details
Vintage Travel Themed Map Design Metal Bottle Opener $1.61
See Details
*Exclusive Items*
Wine & Bar Favors
- Wine Stopper Favors - Coasters - Wine Charms - Unique Wine Favors
Wine Stopper Favors Coasters Wine Charms Unique Wine Favors View All Wine Favors
Heart Shaped Bottle Stoppers $1.29
See Details
'LOVE' Coaster Favors $1.05
See Details
Silver & Chrome
- Bottle Openers & Stoppers - Bookmarks - Keychains - Mirrors - Silver Bells - Utensils & Kitchenware - Unique Silver Favors
Bottle Stoppers Bookmarks Keychains Mirrors Silver Bells Utensils & Kitchenware Unique Silver Favors
Heart Shaped Measuring Spoons $1.69
See Details
Purse Design Compact Mirrors $0.69
See Details
Placecard Frames
- Juvenile Frames - Unique Frames
Juvenile Frames Unique Frames View All Frames
Beach Themed Placecard Frames $1.25
See Details
Beaded Gold Place Card/Photo Frames $0.95
See Details
Placecard Holders
- Beach Placecard Holders - Butterfly - Heart Shaped - Inexpensive - Juvenile - Seasonal (Fall & Winter) - Silver / Chrome & Pewter - Unique Placecard Holders
Beach Placecard Holders Butterfly Heart Shaped Inexpensive Juvenile Seasonal (Fall & Winter) Silver / Chrome & Pewter Unique Placecard Holders View All Placecard Holders
Heart Themed Place Card Holders
$1.16
See Details
Vintage Bicycle Placecard Holders $1.06
See Details
Edible Favors
- Chocolate Bars - Cookies & Muffins - Hersheys Kisses - Hersheys Mini Chocolates - Coffee & Tea - Honey
Chocolate Bars Cookies & Muffins Hersheys Kisses Hersheys Mini Chocolates Coffee & Tea Honey
View All Edible Favors
Beach Themed Mini - Chocolates $0.60
See Details
Heart Themed Hersheys Kisses $0.25
See Details
Candle Favors
- Cake - Floral - Heart - Juvenile - Unique Candles - Personalized Candles
Cake Floral Heart Juvenile Unique Candles Personalized Candles View All
Love Lights The Way Luminous Lantern $2.20
See Details
Calla Lilly Candle Favors $0.95
See Details
Crystal Favors
View All Crystal Favors
Crystal Rose Wedding Favors $1.49
See Details
Crystal Heart Bottle Stoppers $2.39
See Details
Coffee & Tea
- Beach Designs - Christening Designs - Fairy Tale Designs - Fall / Autumn - Flower Theme - Golf Designs - Heart Designs - Monogrammed - Unique Designs - Winter Designs
Beach Designs Christening Designs Fairy Tale Designs Fall / Autumn Flower Theme Golf Designs Heart Designs Monogrammed Unique Designs Winter Designs View All Coffee & Tea
Fairy Tale Coffee Favors $1.49
See Details
Beach Theme Personalized Coffee Favors
$2.25
See Details
Do It Yourself
- Bags & Boxes - Bubbles - Favor 'Cake' Boxes - Mint Tins - Ribbons - Napkins, Ribbons & Matches
Bags & Boxes Bubbles Favor 'Cake' Boxes Mint Tins Ribbons Napkins, Ribbons & Matches View All Supplies
Heart Shaped Boxes / Mint Tins $0.59
See Details
Personalized Wishing Glass Jar With Guardian Angel $1.13
See Details
Bath & Soap
View All Bath & Soap
Hello Gorgeous Manicure Set $3.07
See Details
Sweet Treats Blueberry Sundae Towel Favor $2.01
See Details
Ceramic & Porcelain
View All Ceramic & Porcelain
College Fund Piggy Bank $2.18
See Details
Bridal Couple Salt & Pepper Shaker $2.68
See Details
Religious Favors Ornaments And Hanging Favors
SHOP BY THEME
Beach Metallic Foil Vintage Favors Heart Love Spring
Travel
View All Travel Favors Luggage Tags
FairyTale Butterfly *show more themes Winter Fall Las Vegas Asian Golf Holiday Parties
WEDDING ACCESSORIES
Toasting Flutes & Cake Servers Banners & Aisle Runners
- Aisle Runners - Table Runners - Banners - Photo Booth Backdrops - Window Clings
Aisle Runners Table Runners Banners Photo Booth Backdrops Window Clings View All
Lavish Monogram Personalized Aisle Runner $75.99
See Details
Elegance Aisle Runner $87.99
See Details
Full Sets Cake Toppers Centerpieces Guest Books & Pens Garters
OTHER EVENTS
Anniversary Baby Showers
Bridal Party Gifts
- Bridesmaids Gifts - Groomsmens Gifts
Bridesmaids Gifts Groomsmens Gifts
Damask Manicure Sets $1.59
See Details
Personalized 16oz. Mug $16.99
See Details
Bridal Showers Communion Gifts Holiday Parties Sweet 16 / 15 Prom Party Favors Graduation Cannabis Accessories *show more events Churches & Ministries Memorial
Shipping Samples Disclaimer Payments Damages Return Policy Privacy Policy
All shipments will be made via Ground, unless another shipment method is chosen at checkout.
For all expedited shipments, shipping will be charged at the carrier's published rates (those rates are shown in the checkout screen). Shipments to Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico will be sent via 2nd Day Air. We are sorry but service is not available to locations other than those mentioned above at this time.
*Please note: our carriers will not deliver to a PO Box. Please provide us with a valid street address!
All orders for non-personalized, in
stock merchandise,  require a minimum of 1-3 business days before
shipping. For personalized items, including stock items ordered with
personalized tags, the production time is shown on the individual product
detail pages. Please remember, the production/processing time listed does not
including the transit time once shipped. Please refer to the chart on each
product detail page for an estimate of transit time.
Please note, business days are
Monday thru Friday (Saturday, Sunday and holidays do not count as business
days).
If an order is placed after 3:30 PM
Eastern Time, it will be considered placed the next business day. For example,
if you place an order on Monday at 8:15 PM - it is considered an order from
Tuesday. All orders placed after 3:30 PM Friday or on the weekend will be
considered to have been placed on the following Monday.
Delivery confirmation signatures are available, just fill in the "Delivery Confirmation Signature Required" checkbox when you check out. Canada Brokerage
We are not responsible for any duties, taxes or brokerage fees associated with a shipment, nor are we familiar with import regulations and will not be responsible for fees/damages associated with noncompliance. International customers can learn about regulations regarding their shipment from UPS at http://www.ups.com/ga/CountryRegs?loc=en_US
You can order samples of any favor item in our store. We will only ship complete sets of items that come in sets. Sorry, but the maximum number of samples we will send is 3, and each item must be a separate item from the others.
To order samples, simply browse to the items you're interested in and order a quantity of 1 for each item.
**Please note, samples may not be returned or exchanged.
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images and software, is the property of FavorFavor.com or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of FavorFavor.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of FavorFavor.com or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
We accept payment by credit card only. We do not accept personal checks.
*Sales Tax will be added to all orders shipped to New York State.
We will replace any damaged or defective items that you receive as long as FavorFavor.com has the items available. If the goods are not currently available, we will issue you a refund for the damaged items.
Please note, damages for personalized glassware cannot be replaced due to the set-up costs involved. We can only offer a credit for the damaged pieces.
*Please note, that all orders must be inspected, and all claims for damages or shortages must be made within 48 hours after the receipt of the shipment. We require pictures of damages, so we can show them to our supplier and replace them, or credit you for them.
If you are not satisfied with your favor order (sorry, no refunds on sample
orders) you may return the merchandise for an exchange or refund within 14 days of receipt of the goods. Please call us at (516) 986-3285 for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number.
All returns must be packaged in the original shipping cartons, including all packing materials. Please mark the RMA number on the outside of all cartons being returned. Call for instructions on returning the items. Please note we do not accept partial returns.
We do not credit back shipping costs.
FavorFavor
Phone: (516) 986-3285
Fax: 516-977-3092 customer_service@favorfavor.com
All returns and/or exchanges are subject to a restocking fee of 15%. No refunds or exchanges on any personalized merchandise or food items.
www.favorfavor.com Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information Practices
COPPA
CalOPPA
Our Contact Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an inpidual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Information Collected from Visitors
If you are a Visitor, we collect information on your use of our Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider ("Usage Data"). Our purpose in collecting Usage Information is to better understand how our Visitors use the Site. We do not use the Usage Information to identify our Visitors and we do not disclose the Usage Information other than under the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.
As a Visitor, we collect potentially personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (or "IP") addresses ("Potential PII"). Also, you may choose to interact with the Site that results in your providing Personal Information to us, such as giving us your name, email address, user name and password when creating an account or placing an order, etc. You should be aware that any information you provide may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app? When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, Use Live Chat, Open a Support Ticket, Provide us with feedback on our products or services or enter information on our site. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:       • To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.       • To improve our website in order to better serve you.       • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.       • To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.       • To quickly process your transactions.       • To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products       • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries) How do we protect your information? Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers. Do we use 'cookies'? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We use cookies to:       • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.       • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.       • Keep track of advertisements.       • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If users disable cookies in their browser: If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site. Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. We have implemented the following:       • Remarketing with Google AdSense       • Demographics and Interests Reporting We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. California Online Privacy Protection Act CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those inpiduals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above. You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:       • On our Privacy Policy Page Can change your personal information:       • By emailing us       • By logging in to your account How does our site handle Do Not Track signals? We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking? It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information. In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify you via email       • Within 7 business days We also agree to the Inpidual Redress Principle which requires that inpiduals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that inpiduals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that inpiduals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to:       • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions       • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.       • Send you additional information related to your product and/or service       • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred. To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:       • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.       • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.       • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.       • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.       • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.       • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at       • Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. www.favorfavor.com 414 S Service Road #318, Patchogue, NY 11772 United States customer_service@favorfavor.com Last Edited on 2018-05-24
Testimonials
“I just received my order of the silver platted bells. They are so beautiful. We love them!”Milce “I received the 9 replacement place card frames this afternoon. They are all in perfect condition. Thanks again for your help with this matter! Sincerely, LouAnn”LouAnn “You Are The Best!! I appreciate your immediate response to my request. You have made my shopping experience with you easy. I definitely will shop with you again. Thanks! Beth”Beth
Contact Us •About Us •Wedding Resources
•Samples •Terms & Conditions •Log in to View Your Saved Basket
(516) 986-3285
read more
© 2005 - 2020 Favor Favor
Unique Wedding Favors at Cheap Prices