http://www.neovite.com/terms/display/#secure shopping
In Brief
BBC Wales News interview
A quick look at production in Pembrokeshire and research at Swansea
BBC
read more
Covid-19
Colostrum can help withstand antigen attacks in animal and human studies
neovite
read more
Improved immune system in athletes
A published nutritional strategy to counter exercise-induced immunodepression using our colostrum
European Journal of Nutrition
read more
Neovite Science Review
Read our science guidance for coaches and health practitioners.
neovite
read more
Athletes - science review
Dairy colostrum and health in athletes: A role in reducing
gut permeability. Dr Glen Davison, University of Kent
British Nutrition Foundation
read more
Gut damage from foods
Science review shows food additives and new processing methods increase gut permeability and autoimmune disease
Autoimmunity Reviews 14 (2015)
read more
Radio 4 'On Your Farm'
Short radio documentary on colostrum
by the Farming Today team.
BBC
read more
Colostrum Gut Study -read full paper
Neovite reduces the increase in gut permeability caused by intense exercise
Am Journal Physiology
read more
Colostrum & Creatine
University of Hertforfordshire, Hatfield, study shows improved muscle gain.
Hatfield University
read more
Prof Ray Playford, gastroenterologist,
Queen Mary's College, a video interview
Colostrum UK Ltd
read more
Terms and Conditions
shipping
secure shopping
privacy policy
buy online or call +44 (0)20 82 44 83 83
The following shipping rates will be applied and displayed during the
checkout process. The prices displayed on the shopping basket page are
for UK shipping only.
UK
EU
Worldwide
200g
1.90
5.50
7.50
If you have any questions regarding shipping or any other issue, please
feel free to call us on: (0)20 82 44 83 83 or email: mail@neovite.com
to the top
neovite (colostrum-uk.com) use secure server software (SSL) to ensure
that your credit card will be protected against fraudulent use while on our
site. This service encrypts all personal information entered to prevent
anyone but the intended recipient from viewing or manipulating your
information. If for any reason your information is used to make fraudulent
purchases, your bank or credit card company may not hold you accountable
for any more than £50.00 of fraudulent purchases. Additionally, neovite will
reimburse you up to the full £50.00 of fraudulent charges you could be held
liable for if the fraud occurred through no fault of your own as a result of
information being passed across our secure server.
to the top
Introduction
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms
What data do we collect and how do we use it?
Log files/IP addresses
Non personal information
Use of Cookies
Introduction
Neovite is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our online
or telephone services. In this policy we explain how and why we collect your
information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of
it.
From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products
to our Web Sites or add or change Services. This, and our commitment to
protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic
changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back
to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
Any questions regarding our Privacy Policy should be directed to Neovite's
Privacy Policy Manager at mail@neovite.com
to the top
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms
By using the neovite website (colostrum-uk.com) or our Services, you
unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
to the top
What data do we collect and how do we use it?
neovite collects and processes information about you in order
to:
(i) identify you each time you visit a Web Site or wish to have a Service provided;
(ii) process orders or applications submitted by you;
(iii) improve our Services and Web Sites
(iv) Customise your experience, for example, provide advertisements
that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific
requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
(v) carry out research on the demographics, interests and
behaviour of all of our customers; and
(vi) send you information we think you may find useful, including
information about new neovite products and services.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for
information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, postal
address and telephone number. You may also be asked to share with us
your interests, hobbies and preferences. In addition, when you order
certain goods or services from our Web Sites, we will need to know your
credit/payment card number and expiration date.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you don't
then we may not be able to provide you with certain services or
personalise your experience and tailor our Services for you (for example,
tell you about special offers on things you're interested in).
to the top
Log files/IP addresses
When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the
unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is
automatically recognised by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us
administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for
aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable
information.
to the top
Non personal information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as
the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to
our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only
used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites. We
may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites
from which it is possible to link to our Web Sites with information relating
to the number of users linking to our Web Sites from their sites. You
cannot be identified from this information.
to the top
Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your hard
drive to store and sometimes track information about you. Most web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change
your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full
advantage of a Web Site if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server
that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means
they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. Although
they do identify a user's computer, cookies do not personally identify
customers or passwords. Credit card information is not stored in cookies.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
(i) To identify who you are and to access your account information;
(ii) To estimate our audience size and patterns;
(iii) To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
(iv) To control how often visitors see similar ads;
(v) To track preferences and to improve and update our Web Site; and
(vi) To track the progress and number of entries in some of our promotions
and contests.
to the top
Since starting neovite I have set World and National middle distance track records for my age group.
show video
View a video interview with rugby legend Phil Greening.
show video