http://www.serenitysupply.com/catalog/privacy-policy.html
Home
Shop by Category
Relaxing Music Nature Sounds Music and Nature Sleep Music Dinner Music Romantic Music Yoga Music Lullabies Guided Meditation Christmas Music Classical Music Wedding Music Piano Music World Music Celtic Music Native American Music Meditation Music Massage Music Brainwave Music Essential Oils Body Wash Body Cream Massage Oil Body Spray Bubble Bath Body Butter Massage Cream Foam Bath Body Polish Aromatherapy Sticks Aromatherapy Massage Skin Care Oil Aromatherapy Bath Aromatherapy Body Care
Sale Item
Brazilian Lullaby CD
$11.39
Newsletter Signup
Submit your e-mail address to receive free updates and promotions.
Relaxing Music Therapy CDs designed to help start your day revitalized, live a healthier lifestyle, and end your day with a sense of calm.
Privacy Policy
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail to customerservice@serenitysupply.com.
Privacy Policy
About Us
Site Map
Viewing: Privacy Policy
Copyright 2015 Serenity Supply. All rights reserved.