http://www.equipmentspecialistsinc.com/cms-display/privacy.html
Telephone: (703)361-2227
Fax: (703)361-4965
HOME
CHECKOUT
SHOPPING CART
YOUR ACCOUNT
RETURNS
CONTACT US
Login to enhance your online experience. Login or Create an Account
Home
Main Menu
Home
Store Policies
Shipping Terms & Conditions
Terms Of Use
Privacy Information
Contact Us
Online Store
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Advanced Search
All Products
Product Index
Specials
Best Sellers
New Products
Account Menu
Account Login
Create New Account
Delivery Address Book
Email Subscriptions
Send Contact Message
Photo Gallery
Categories
Diesel Performance
Snow & Ice Equipment
Truck Bodies
Lift Gates
Lighting
Trailer Service/Parts
Tarps
Winches & Bumpers
Used/Demo Equipment
Common Parts
Bearings
Clutches
Controls
Conveyor Chains
Cutting Edges
Deflectors
Guide Sticks
Hoses
Motors (Electric)
Motors (Hydraulic)
Seal Kits
Shoes
Solenoids
Spinner Discs
Wings
Fluid Transfer
Privacy Information
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our record system.
This site may contain links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information and unique identifiers.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
Send an email to us by visiting the Contact Page.
Manage your email Subscriptions.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Send an email to us by visiting the Contact Page.
Quick Store Search
Search Term
Advanced Search
Shopping Cart
There are no items in your shopping cart.
Recently Visited Pages
© 2020 Equipment Specialists, Inc.. All rights reserved worldwide.
Home
|
Checkout |
Shopping Cart |
Your Account |
Contact
9489 Hawkins Dr Manassas, Virginia 20109 United States
Telephone: 703.361.2227    Fax: 703.361.4965
Software:
ClickCartPro, Copyright 1999-2020 Kryptronic, Inc.
Exec Time:
0.290206 Seconds
Memory Usage: 1.459198 Megabytes