http://www.buskerdoo.com/pages/policies
CD Duplication & Printing Since 2002
Cart
0
|
Log in
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Art/Audio/Video Uploads
Blog
About Us
Policies
Products
+
-
CD Duplication
DVD Duplication
Printed CD Sleeves
CD Sleeves
DVD CD Mailers
DVD CD Labels
CD Inserts
DVD Inserts
CD Cases
DVD Cases
Posters & Postcards
Photo Mailers
Printed Photo Mailers
Shipping Labels
Specials
Shop by Type
+
-
CD Cases
Digipak
DVD Case Inserts
DVD Cases
Inserts
Mailers
Posters
Proof
Rigid Shipping Envelopes
Shipping Labels
Sleeves
Wallets
Log in
Create account
Search
Products
CD Duplication
DVD Duplication
Printed CD Sleeves
CD Sleeves
DVD CD Mailers
DVD CD Labels
CD Inserts
DVD Inserts
CD Cases
DVD Cases
Posters & Postcards
Photo Mailers
Printed Photo Mailers
Shipping Labels
Specials
Returns
Buskerdoo will accept returns for damaged or defective products. Items may be returned within 30-days for refund or replacement. A 15% restocking fee plus our original and actual shipping costs will be deducted from the credit for non-defective or damaged product. Shipping cost deductions apply to all orders including those marked as free shipping. Limitations and restrictions apply. Shipping and order processing charges are NON-REFUNDABLE and no COD returns will be accepted under any circumstances.
All product returns must have an RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization) number issued by Buskerdoo clearly marked on the return package or the package will be refused and no credit will be given.
Email our Returns Department at sales@buskerdoo.com and obtain an RMA number before shipping your product. RMA numbers are valid for 30 days from the issue date.
Send returns freight prepaid, with the RMA number clearly marked on the package to:
Buskerdoo LLC 1207 Chesterfield RD SEHuntsville, AL 35803
We suggest that you insure your package for return delivery. Returned items that are received damaged (unless it is being returned due to original damage) cannot be refunded.
Shipping
Free shipping applies to all addresses within the 48 contiguous United States. Excludes Alaska, Hawaii, Canada, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Please email or call to check rates to these areas. Shipping on higher quantities not listed on the site are quoted FOB our dock.
Many of our smaller products still qualify for free shipping to these areas. Allow 24-48 hours for processing and 3-6 business days for delivery. Some locations require 1-2 additional shipping days. NOTE: Printed sleeves and duplicated CD/DVDs are custom projects and normally require 5-10 manufacturing weekdays for processing.
Security
All orders are performed within a secure browser window using the “https” Internet protocol. When you click “Checkout” from the shopping cart, the “http” portion of the Web site address changes to “https.” The “s” stands for secure. In addition, most browsers use special symbols to indicate that you’re in a Web site’s secure area. Some browsers also let you know that you’re moving in or out of a secure area by notifying you with a special pop-up window that requires you to click “OK” before continuing.
Privacy
Buskerdoo LLC pledges a safe and worry-free shopping experience. We use the industry standard for Internet security, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL 128k) encryption, to scramble your personal and credit information as it travels over the Internet during the checkout process, ensuring the privacy of your information. We protect all of your personal information, including your name, address, password, AND credit card information. We don’t share your information with ANYONE.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may visit our site anonymously but once you place and order we will have to collect name, address, email, etc to fulfill the order.
We currently use Google Analytics and Google+ on this site. When you visit a website that uses Google products, such as Analytics, or includes +1 buttons, your browser automatically sends certain data to Google. That data includes, for example, the web address of the page you’re visiting and your IP address.
We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movements on our website and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. These log files contain statistical data used to analyze traffic patterns, specifically the user's IP address, the date and time of the visit, the file requested by the user, the size of the file requested by the user, the status of the request and the referring URL which generated the request.
We use Google Analytics remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page, Google Analytics' opt-outs for the web or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
More information on how Google uses data when you use our site.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)- To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)- To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will never be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature- To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, Paypal) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account at https://www.buskerdoo.com/catalog/account/login.html and going to the 'Edit' button.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
All changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.- Policy last modified on 5/1/2017
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Buskerdoo LLC1207 Chesterfield RD SEHuntsville, AL 35803sales (@) buskerdoo.com
Guarantee
Buskerdoo is committed to making sure every product you purchase meets your expectations. Most defective or damaged product may be returned within 30 days of purchase. Follow the guidelines in our Returns policy and we will happily credit you for the unused portion of your purchase.
Family Oriented Business
Buskerdoo is a family oriented business. We do not print material or manufacture CDs or DVDs containing adult oriented content, foul language, hate, anti-American, or anti-religious content.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify Buskerdoo LLC (buskerdoo.com) acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Buskerdoo LLC reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed over $500.00 may require additional information prior to shipment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department.
Quantity Shipped
Due to the nature of variation and loss in manufacturing printed sleeves and duplicated CD/DVDs, all printed sleeve/mailers, printed discs, and duplicated discs orders are subject to a 5% over run or under run. Charges will only apply to actual quantities shipped. If we ship you more, those are yours for free. If we ship you less, we give you a refund.