http://www.beadnshop.com/privacy
Home
FAQ
About
Contact
Login
There are no products in your shopping cart.0 Items0.00 USD
Home
Privacy Policy
We are not accepting more orders at the moment. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Beadnshop.com is dedicated to safe-guard your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information is kept.
When you are asked for personal information on beadnshop.com, you are sharing that information with beadnshop.com alone.
No information will be disclosed, transferred or shared with third-parties with prior notice and approval.
Your personal and all other information are protected and safe with beadnshop.com.
Beadnshop.com will never rent or sell your personal, financial or other information.
Since, no data transmission over the internet/websites is guaranteed to be 100% secure, therefore there is always treat of misleading information being transferred over the internet. Beadnshop.com cannot ensure that the information you transmit to beadnshop.com is completely secure and you do so at your own risk. Once beadnshop.com receives your transmission, it makes best efforts to ensure your privacy and protect your information. The safe and secured payment system opted by beadnshop.com is PayPal and privacy policies, terms and conditions of PayPal are applied for payments.
New Arrivals
Beads by Material
Maruti Necklace
Maruti Beads
Lac Beads
Kashmiri Beads
Glass Beads
Copper Beads
Beads by Shape
Euro Style Beads
Round Beads
Square Beads
Cylindrical Beads
Heart Beads
Unusual Shapes
Bangles & Bracelets
Kashmiri Bangles & Bracelets
Minimum purchase amount is 60.00 USD.
Most of the beads are made after the order is placed.
Beads are originally designed and produced for Bead 'n Shop.
Testimonials
Thank you very much, I received the package in just 6 days from my order and was very surprised and pleased for that. The beads are wonderful and loved them right away!!! Your packaging was also great, I will certainly come back to you soon!xeiropoihtog
I've got it, thank you very much: the beads are much more interesting and fancy then on the site's pictures. I'm happy and going to place more orders.Evgenia Bugas
My beads got here a few days ago and I cannot believe how incredibly
gorgeous they are!!! I haven't been able to use them yet because we are
moving in 2 days, but they are #1 on my list when I get the chance. Thank
you for the great packaging!! I just love these beads and had to let you
know how happy I am with your product!!!!!Kathryn.
Received my order today. Thank you. Beads are beautiful and more than
I expected, will definitely buy again. Packing and packaging were five
gold stars. ThanksPete Gutierrez
Hi, I received my order today. The beads are simply beautiful :) And they have been packed so well. Although the order took a little longer than expected but the wait was worth it. Loved the beads. Thanks a lot.Rachna Jain
My order arrived today and it is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!!!!! The inside packaging was excellent. Everything was perfectly arranged and pristine within the plastic hinged lid box and the beads are simply
spectacular! I could not be happier than I am with this purchase!
It took longer than expected for the order to complete, but EVERY bit worth
the time.
What skilled artisans you have to do such wonderful work! The workmanship
within these beads is awe inspiring! Each one looks just perfect.
What a treat to have found you on the internet and have had such a POSITIVE
experience!
Hats off to you all! You truly deserve it!
My very best wishes,Pat Dippre
I received the beads today, and they are just perfect! They´re looking
even better, than on the pictures, so beautifully made, each and every one!
Thank you very much and i will order again!Mirva Tolonen
The beads arrived today and were worth the wait. They are beautiful and such good quality.
Thank you very muchAlice
We announce with joy that we got a beads! Your beads are wonderful! We were also very pleased to see the quality package.
Thank you very much for your attention to us, and your quality work.
We very much hope that your products are like to our customers and this will continue our cooperation with you!Sosna_i
I just received my order today and want to tell you that your beads are beautiful. I've seen maruti beads at different stores but the quality of
yours is so much more superior. Each bead is so carefully crafted, they are
even more beautiful in person than in the pictures on the website. Even the
packaging was thoughtful and carefully handled. And thank you for the
samples, what a nice, unexpected surprise.
Thank you for such a beautiful product, my jewelry will look awesome with
these beads.amflannigan1
ciao, this morning,
i have received your goods.
everything is very beautiful, thanks also for the samples of other pearls.Michela
Such beautiful beads - very well packaged!
I have loved them all!!lursibelle
I Love your beads got them last week and they are almost sold out.Jolynn Potter
I just wanted to inform you that I received my order - these beads are
gorgeous!!
They were packaged very well and arrived in only 3 shipping
days. Thank you so very much and I will order again!Cynthia
I LOVE these beads!
I want to place the same order again, but I have to wait for a little while.......money has to build up again!
Thanks!Kathy Baugus
Blog
About
Contact
Links Directory
Shipping Charges
Currency Converter
Frequently Asked Questions
Testimonials
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2006-2015 Bead 'n Shop - A division of Maruti International® (India). All Rights Reserved.