http://www.slponline.com/info/privacy-policy.html
Wish Lists My Account View Cart
Download Catalog | Driving Directions |
Dealer Search | Become A Dealer | Email Us
MENU
Shop Parts Loudmouth Exhaust Contact Us About SLP
Privacy Policy SLP is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online. For purposes of this privacy policy the term "SLP" and "we" shall mean SLP Performance and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and the respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies of each. Data Gathering SLP will not sell or distribute information about you to anyone outside of SLP. That said, there are a few areas on our website where the collection of personal information is necessary. For example, we may need to contact you to respond to a question or information request you send to us. In addition, we track information about the number of visits to our website. For example, we compile statistics that show the daily number of visitors to our websites, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our websites, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used internally to improve the services we provide our customers, but these statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. Cookies Please remember, you providing us with your information is different from "cookies". Cookies are pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the Website. These pieces of information allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of that site more useful. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Microsoft Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. Keep in mind that if you turn cookies off, some of our services may not function properly and your Internet experience may not be as efficient.
Get Involved
Subscribe To The SLP Newsletter
SLP Proudly Accepts
Popular Categories
Camaro Corvette Mustang GM/Chevy Truck/SUV
Pontiac GTO Challenger / Charger / Magnum Cobalt SS SLP Merchandise
Legal
Terms of Use Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Consumer Awareness
Customer Service
(855) 757-7373Mon-Th 8am-6pm ETFri 8am-7pm ET
Find A Dealer Become A Dealer
Returns & Exchanges Email Warranty
39555 Schoolcraft Rd, Plymouth Township, MI 48170  |  Driving Directions
Copyright © 2020 SLP, Inc.