http://www.upscaleaudio.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Shop
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Vacuum Tubes
Amplifiers
Loudspeakers
Analog
Digital
New Specials
Used Specials
Headphone
Cables
Accessories
Brands
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Anthem
Arcam
Audio-Technica
AudioQuest
AURALiC
Aurender
Balanced Audio Technology
Bluesound
Bowers & Wilkins
Campfire Audio
Chord
Clearaudio
Dr. Feickert Analogue
Dynavector
EAT
ELAC
Feliks Audio
Focal
GoldenEar
Grado
Hana
IntegrityHiFi
IsoAcoustics
IsoTek
JBL
JL Audio
Kirmuss Audio
Kiseki
Klipsch
Koetsu
Kuzma
Lumin
Lyra
Manley Laboratories
Marantz
Mark Levinson
MoFi Electronics
Monitor Audio
Musical Fidelity
Music Hall
Mystere
Mytek
NAD
Naim Audio
Nordost
Ortofon
Pangea Audio
Pathos
Perfect Vue
Polk Audio
PrimaLuna
Pro-Ject
PS Audio
Rega
REL Acoustics
Revel
Roon
Rotel
Salamander
Sbooster
Solidsteel
Solid Tech
Soundsmith
SPL
Sumiko
Sutherland
Tannoy
Vincent
VPI
Wharfedale
Zesto Audio
Search
FAQ
Guides
Contact
Financing
Account
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT----SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at craig@upscaleaudio.com or mailing us at:Upscale Audio2048 Wright Avenue La Verne California US 91750SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment:If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, may use information for other purposes, including to monitor, track and record information about your use of our website. Our service providers may use tracking technology such as cookies and have their own privacy policies governing their collection of data, including personally identifiable information. Any such information shared with Bread will be governed by Bread's privacy policy as found at https://www.getbread.com/privacy-policy/. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@upscaleaudio.com or by mail atUpscale Audio[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]2048 Wright Avenue La Verne California US 91750----
New Equipment
If you find any item on our website available for a lower price elsewhere, contact us. We will meet or beat any verifiable price from an authorized dealer.*
*Tube prices are non-negotiable. Period.
Used Equipment
We accept offers on our inventory of used equipment that does not have a posted price. (Don't low-ball us. We won't respond.) We do not accept offers on used equipment that has a posted price; these items are priced according to market value and will sell.
Package Deals & Trades
We create package deals for our customers that cannot be beat. And, we take trade-ins! Contact us for expert consultation when making any upgrades to your system.Whoa, partner! Looks like you are outside of North America!
Apologies, as we do not sell vacuum tubes internationally. We have limited stocks of vintage tubes and use them to attract equipment sales. So we sell only to customers with a matching billing and shipping address who reside in the USA, Canada, or Mexico. We do not ship to freight forwarding companies or your friend or cousin, even if they are in the USA. There are no exceptions, so please don't ask. We won't respond. Sorry for that.
If you are interested in equipment (not tubes) and are outside of North America, we may sell to you at our discretion. Contact us and let us know what you want as we do not process international orders online. Wire transfer is the only accepted payment method for international orders.
Good luck in your HiFi adventures!