http://www.libertyorchards.com/privacy_pledge
Home
About Us
Testimonials
Customer Service
Search
Privacy Pledge
At Liberty Orchards, we respect your right to personal privacy.
To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Pledge.
This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
For each visitor to LibertyOrchards.com, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or email address.
The information we collect is:
Used to improve the content of our Web pages.
Used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual visitors.
Used to notify visitors about updates to LibertyOrchards.com.
Used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
This site collects cookies.
In order to use our website, visitors and/or customers are not required to complete our registration form.
During registration a user must give certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information.
It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which he or she has expressed an interest.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information, and unique identifiers (username, password, etc.).
Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site, but is not required.
Registration is not required to use our site.
We have an order form.
We require information from the user on our order form.
A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and possibly financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date, etc.).
If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact our customer.
This information is used:
For shipping and billing purposes.
To fill our customer’s order.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
We have appropriate security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
To further protect your privacy and ensure that we keep our promises to you, this pledge has been registered with Privacy Affiliates – a trusted third-party advocate.
They can be contacted at support@privacyaffiliates.com.
If you have questions or comments about our Privacy Pledge, please contact us at service@libertyorchards.com.
Aplets & Cotlets
HOLIDAY GIFTS
Orchard Bars
Fruit Delights
Gifts under $15!
Locoum & Turkish Delight
Chocolates
Sugar-Free Candy
Nut-Free Candy
Bakery
Party Trays & Tins
Homestyle Sweets
Bars & Snacks
Weekly Special
We value your opinion!
Take a short survey to tell ushow we're doing!
Take Survey
Free Catalog & Coupons
Get Catalog
Join our email list forspecial offers & more!