https://www.eframe.co.uk/help/policies/terms-of-sale/
Help
Policies
Terms of Sale
Terms of Sale
Effective 15 July 2017
The Terms of Sale and any other Terms/Policies referred to in these Terms, such as our Privacy Policy apply between you (the buyer) and Frame-It Services Ltd, T/A eFRAME (the seller, "we", "our", "us") when
you purchase or use our products and services. Our business address is 20 Howard Rd, Eaton Socon, Cambs, PE19 8ET, UK. By ordering from us,
you are agreeing to these terms. If you do not understand or accept
these the Terms, do not place an order with us.
By placing an order with us, you consent that we are authorised to store and provide any relevant personal information to trusted third parties to verify, fulfil and deliver your order.
To learn more about how we collect, use and share your data,
click here
We will do our best to support you before, during and after your purchase with us. To browse our online help,
click here
Payment Methods
By placing an order for a product or service on our website, you permit us or our payment partners to charge your credit card, debit card or other payment
method chosen, for the total amount of your order, including shipping charges and tax.
Refusal
All orders placed are subject to our acceptance. This means that we may refuse to accept your order. We reserve the right to cancel an order for any or no reason, and without liability to you, us or any other party.
If we have already taken payment, we will issue you a refund.
Order Acknowledgement Screen
When an order has been accepted by us, you will be directed to an order confirmation page where you will see your order details, including order number.
At this point you should assume your order has been successfully received and we will begin fulfillment of your order immediately.
If you notice something incorrect with your order please contact us as soon as possible. For more information regarding making changes to your order, please
click here
Acknowledgement Email
You should also receive an email acknowledgement from us which will include your order number and a link to your order details.
If you don't receive an order acknowledgement, please check it hasn't been directed into your spam folder or contact us so we can send a new copy.
We make every effort to identify possible duplicate orders, but if you have received multiple order acknowledgements, please contact us.
VAT & Tax
The price displayed on product description pages, the Frame Studio and category page does include VAT.
The price displayed for each line item in your shopping basket does not include VAT. You can see
the total VAT for your order totalled beneath your line items.
In some circumstances these taxes may not apply to you; it is your responsibility to determine if
you are required to pay a different rate of tax and to inform us of this immediately after placing your order.
Packing & Shipping
Prices displayed on our site do not include shipping, unless otherwise stated. Prices for shipping and packaging are presented in your shopping basket before placing an order. These prices may vary depending on
your chosen shipping destination.
Pricing Mistakes & Changes
We make every effort to prevent pricing errors appearing on our website. If in the unlikely event you are charged the wrong price, you agree that we are not bound by that incorrect price.
Our customer service team will contact you as soon as possible to inform you of the correct price. Our customer service team may suggest a product substitution (at the same or different price) or price modification.
If you do not agree to either of these two proposed solutions we will cancel your order and refund any money you have been charged.
We reserve the right to change our product prices at any point and without notice.
Custom Quotes
Custom quotes generated manually by our Sales Design Team or Business Team are valid for 30 calendar days from the point we send them to the contact details you supplied.
On rare occasions where a quote has been generated incorrectly we will inform you of any price changes immediately. You agree
that we are not bound by that incorrect price.
Promo Codes
If you apply a promotional code to your order, you agree to be bound to our Terms of Sale and our
Promotional Code Policy
Defects & Damages
If your goods are received defective or incorrect you should contact us within 14 calender days of accepting delivery, so we can arrange to have the product(s) collected.
In addition to your consumer rights, you will be given the option to have the product(s) replaced at no charge to you.
Your failure to inform us after 14 calender days of you accepting delivery shall constitute a waiver of any such claim.
Failed Deliveries
Where an item has been returned to us due to an incorrect or incomplete delivery address being supplied, you may be charged a reshipping fee to attempt delivery of your order again.
Where an item has been returned to us due an error on our or our carriers part, you will not be charged for redelivery of your order.
Incorrect Shipping Location Selected
Where you have selected an incorrect delivery location for purposes of calculating shipping charges, we reserve the right to cancel your order or charge you the correct amount.
Undeliverable Locations
We may not be able to deliver to your chosen location. If we can't ship to your chosen location we will cancel your order and refund you the total value of your order;
or give you the option to arrange collection and delivery yourself. You will be responsible for paying delivery charges on delivery services organised yourself.
If you choose to exercise this right we will refund you any shipping charges paid applicable to the order(s) in question.
Where we can't deliver to your chosen location, but have begun production of an order containing customised products we may not be able to cancel your order.
It is your responsibility to ensure we can deliver to your chosen delivery address before you place an order. To determine if we can ship to your destination, please
contact us.
Imports & Exports
Your order may be subject to import and export laws, regulations and taxes. You must ensure that your order complies with any legal requirements applicable to the products you have ordered.
International shipments may be subject to customs taxes and duties. As the recipient it is your responsibility to pay any charges that arise as a result of any customs taxes and duties.
We do not have the capability to inform you of customs charges before you checkout.
Lead Time
All lead times quoted on our website refer to business days (days not including weekends and holidays, including our Christmas shut down and bank holidays).
These are estimated lead times and are not guaranteed.
If you need your order quickly you can select our priority shipping service.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you order from us in adequate time to prevent any disappointment resulting from late shipment.
We guarantee that orders placed with priority service are dispatched within 2 business days of us receiving the order. If for any reason we are unable to fulfil this obligation we will contact
you immediately in an attempt to come to a reasonable solution, for example we may offer a product substitution for an out of stock item.
For very large orders we may need to split ship your items as they become available for dispatch.
If we can not agree a solution, we reserve the right to cancel your order and refund any money you have been charged.
Descriptions & Photographs
We make every effort to prevent errors relating to the description or specification of a product or service appearing on our website.
If in the unlikely event you receive a product that has been incorrectly described, we will offer you a substitution or refund.
Should the substitution cost more than your incorrectly specified product(s), you are responsible for paying the difference.
Conversely, if your chosen substitution is cheaper, we will refund you the difference.
Photographs of products have been taken under studio lighting with professional quality camera equipment.
Photographs have also been colour corrected using calibrated monitors, by experienced professional photographers.
We can not guarantee that the photos you see on screen will look identical to what you receive because:
Your monitor may not display colours accurately
Batches of material can vary
Different lighting environments can have an effect on perceived colours
For these reasons, if exact colour, material or other specification is important to you, we suggest you contact us to request free samples before ordering.
Where we deem that the product supplied is a reasonable match to that displayed on our website we may not accept responsibility for replacing or refunding your order.
Availability & Stock
All availability data shown on this website is correct as at the end of business the previous working day.
To determine up-to-date stock data we recommend you contact us.
If you have ordered an out of stock item we will contact you to ask if you are happy to wait. If you choose not to wait, we will offer you a substitution or refund.
Should the substitution cost more than your out of stock product(s), you are responsible for paying the difference.
Conversely, if your chosen substitution is cheaper, we will refund you the difference.
All returns are subject to our full
Return & Refund Policy
eFRAME will not under any circumstances be liable for any consequential loss as a result of the incorrect supply, late delivery, accidental misrepresentation or any other reason whatsoever whether avoidable or not.
This website may contain links to external sites. eFRAME shall not be held responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any external site, nor for any transactions between you and such sites.
You may not download or copy the content or other downloadable items displayed on this website for personal or commercial gain unless authorised to do so by a member of our management.
Copying or storing the contents of this website is strictly forbidden.
From time to time we may update this policy. When any changes are made the policy will be updated on our website.
We will never diminish your rights with changes to this policy, unless you have given explicit consent.
Placing an order after a change in policy constitutes to providing explicit consent.
Did you find an answer?
Yes
No
Let us know some details and we'll get back to you soon.