http://www.probikekit.com/site-info/cookie-policy.list
Shop Continental GP5000 Now
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by
websites that you visit. Our site and our partners use cookies to
enhance your experience, analyse traffic and for ad personalisation and
measurement.You can restrict or block cookies using your browser
settings. Information on how to do this is detailed below in the “How
to manage cookies” section.
How to manage cookies
Some cookies are strictly necessary to allow you to use the website
and its features, such as storing items in your basket. Without these
cookies these features cannot be provided which may impair the
functionality of the website meaning you are unable to shop on our
website. You can select the cookies you would like this website
to store on your device by changing your browser settings. Each browser
allows you to restrict or block cookies in different ways. Details
on how to do this in each browser can be found on the ICO website
(please note that we are not responsible for the content of external
websites), visit: https://ico.org.uk/your-data-matters/online/cookies/ Within
most browsers you can utilise private browsing modes that typically do
not save local data associated with the session, such as cookies. These
are typically deleted when you close all the windows. You can
install a browser add-on to opt-out of Google Analytics in your browser
across all websites (please note that we are not responsible for the
content of external websites), visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Types of cookies
First-party cookies - these are set by the website you have accessed.
They are often used to remember your preferences on the website, such
as your preferred currency or items in your basket. Third-party cookies – these are set by a website other than the one you are accessing. Session cookies – these are temporary cookies, which are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies – these remain on your device until you erase them or they expire.
Cookies that are used on our website
We have documented the partners and tools that create cookies that are
used by this website and our partners use and their purpose. Please note
that we are not responsible for the content of external websites.Google AnalyticsThese cookies are used to collect
information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to
compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect
information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to
the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they
visited. Find out how to opt-out of Google Analytics across all websites in the “How to Manage Cookies” section. You can find out more about Google’s use of information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. Google Ads (and DoubleClick) Google
Ads uses cookies to improve advertising by targeting advertising based
on what is relevant for the user. They also allow reporting on
advertising performance and to avoid showing ads that a user has already
seen. This product collects and uses data using cookies. The data
collected may be used to personalise advertising. You can find out more
about Google’s use of information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. You can revoke your consent to ad personalisation by Google here: https://adssettings.google.com/ Google reCAPTCHA Google
reCAPTCHA is used to help establish that a user is human and enhances
security on our website. This product collects and uses data using
cookies. The data collected may be used to personalise advertising. You
can find out more about Google’s use of information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. YouTube YouTube
is used to play videos embedded on the website. Cookies are set by
YouTube to track usage of its services. You can find out more about
Google’s use of information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. AppDynamics AppDynamics measure the performance and health of the website, to help ensure you have the best experience possible. Pingdom Pingdom measure the performance and health of the website, to help ensure you have the best experience possible. Twitter This helps us track user conversion rates from Twitter. Affiliate Window These
cookies are used to track sales that have come in via an affiliate
network link operated by our partner Affiliate Window. For further
information about how Affiliate Window address data privacy, please
follow the link: https://www.affiliatewindow.com/ LivePerson LivePerson allows users to communicate with our Customer Service team via live chat on site. PinterestThis
allow users to share pictures via Pinterest / the "Pin It" button, and
Pinterest can collect statistical information about usage of their
service.Spotify Spotify is used to
implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. It may also be used
to register user interaction and preferences in context with the
audio-content.TrackJS TrackJS is a tool that allows us to monitor and identify JavaScript errors and improve the user experience. MessengerPeople MessengerPeople allows users to sign up to WhatsApp updates from our website. Thehut.net This
domain is owned by The Hut Group and cookies associated with it allow
us to send your device to the same server to ensure you have a
consistent experience. Vimeo Vimeo is used by the Vimeo video player on our website. Woobox Woobox is used for competitions on our website. Their privacy policy is here: https://woobox.com/privacy Improve Digital (360yield.com) Cookies may be used to allow targeted marketing and measurement. Visit the provider's website to view their privacy policy. BidSwitch (bidswitch.net) Cookies may be used for targeted advertising.TVSquared These
cookies are used to enable optimisation of TV advertising by tracking
sessions and conversion timings in relation to TV ad spot air times. Duomai These
cookies are used to track sales that have come in via an affiliate
network link operated by our partner Duomai and also to support the
delivery of targeted marketing and advertising communications.The following cookies allow us to provide relevant advertising to users and track conversions:- BingCriteoFacebookSnapchatThe
following cookies may be used to allow targeted marketing and
measurement (visit the provider's website to view their privacy
policy):- Triple Lift (3lift.com) Adscale (ih.adscale.de) ContextWeb Casale Media Gemius iBillboard ADYOULIKE (omnitagjs.com)Outbrain (outbrain.com) PubMatic (pubmatic.com) OpenX (openx.net) Sharethrough (sharethrough.com) Smart (smartadserver.com) Taboola (taboola.com) Taboola (teads.tv) Yahoo The following cookies may be used to allow targeted marketing and measurement:-addthis.com adfarm1.adition.com adform.net adhigh.net admanmedia.com admatic.com.tr admixer.net adnext.fr adnxs.com adotmob.com ads.avct.cloud ads.danmarketplace.com ads.programattik.com ads.servenobid.com ads.stickyadstv.com ads.yieldmo.com ads4.admatic.com.tr adsby.bidtheatre.com adscale.de adsrvr.org ad-stir.com advangelists.com advertising.com atdmt.com ayads.co betweendigital.com bh.contextweb.com biddr.brealtime.com bidr.io blismedia.com bluekai.com cdglb.com cdn.syndication.twimg.com consensu.org cpx.to creativecdn.com creative-serving.com csync.loopme.me ctnsnet.com de17a.comdeepintent.com demdex.net digitru.st dotomi.com dpm.demdex.net dynamic.retailmenot.fr e.serverbid.com emerse.com emxdgt.com eqads.com erne.co eus.rubiconproject.com everesttech.net exelator.com extend.tv eyeota.net go.sonobi.com gumgum.com gwallet.com hm.baidu.com hybrid.ai i.liadm.com id.sharedid.org id5-sync.com imedia.cz instagram.com intentiq.com ipredictive.com issuu.com justpremium.com krxd.net liadm.com lijit.com m6r.eu match.justpremium.com mathtag.com media.net mediabong.com metadsp.co.uk mfadsrvr.com nrich.ai owneriq.net perf-serving.com pool.admedo.com postrelease.com powerlinks.com px.powerlinks.com quantserve.com r.scoota.co reddit.com redintelligence.net rfihub.com rlcdn.com rqtrk.eu rtb.4finance.com rtk.io rubiconproject.com s.thebrighttag.com scorecardresearch.com secure.preloved.co.uk seedtag.com simpli.fi sitescout.com skimresources.com smadex.com socdm.com sportradarserving.com potxchange.com srv.stackadapt.com t.visx.net tags.dynamo.one tapad.com targeting.unrulymedia.com tech.convergd.com technoratimedia.com tidaltv.com tremorhub.comtribalfusion.com uk.ads.justpremium.com unrulymedia.com veinteractive.com view.vzaar.com volvelle.tech vzaar.com w55c.net widespace.com yieldlab.net yieldmo.com zebestof.com zemanta.com zorosrv.com