http://www.footloosesports.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Winter
Summer
Shop Online
About
Contact
Privacy PolicyIf you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com.At www.FootlooseSports.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.FootlooseSports.com and how it is used.Log FilesLike many other Web sites, www.FootlooseSports.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web Beaconswww.FootlooseSports.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.FootlooseSports.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.FootlooseSports.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.htmlSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.FootlooseSports.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.www.FootlooseSports.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.FootlooseSports.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.www.FootlooseSports.com is committed to protecting the personal privacy of visitors and guests using are Internet Web Sites, Facebook Pages, Twitter Feeds and Social Media Outlets!Our Privacy Policy aims to accomplish three basic goals:1. www.FootlooseSports.com will not release personally identifiable information without consent.2. www.FootlooseSports.com will allow the user to control certain aspects of the information voluntarily submitted.4. www.FootlooseSports.com encourages its site users to communicate privacy concerns and www.FootlooseSports.com will respond to such concerns.CoverageThis privacy policy applies to www.FootlooseSports.com owned and operated sites, sub domains and all others social media and other internet outlets.Definitions of Types of InformationPersonally identifiable information is information or other data that may specifically identify an individual user. In order for you to access certain services and to purchase services that we offer via the Sites, we require you to provide us with such Personal Information. Personal Information may include: (i) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing and e-mail addresses); (ii) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (iii) Demographic Data (such as your zip code, age and income). If you communicate with us by e-mail or otherwise complete online forms, surveys or contest entries, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.Traffic Data shall not be considered personally identifiable information or Personal Information. Traffic Data is information on a user’s patterns of access and usage of the sites. We automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our Site, including your: (i) IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type of computer; and (iv) type of web browser.  Traffic Data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience on the Site. We also use “cookies” to as a method to gain dependable and consistent Traffic Data. “Cookies” are anonymous and do not personally identify you.Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable InformationRegistrationA user may access and utilize the vast majority of www.FootlooseSports.com site functionality without transmitting any Personal Information. In order to access certain other functionality, www.FootlooseSports.com may request the user provide personally identifiable information. At no time is the user under any obligation to provide Personal Information. If the user does not wish to access such functionality, the user should not transmit the personally identifiable information.During the registration process, www.FootlooseSports.com shall require the user to complete certain data fields. Some fields may be optional. www.FootlooseSports.com shall request contact information and shall utilize such information in the following manner: to send communications regarding the www.FootlooseSports.com web site community and resort services.If you indicate to us that you do not want to receive certain types of communications at the time of registration, we will respect your wishes, and comply with your preferences. If you already are a registered user and would like to review or change the choices you have made, you may email us at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com.Contests and SweepstakesFrom time to time, we may run contests or sweepstakes on our site in which we ask participants for contact information, such as their e-mail address(es). If you participate in contests, your contact information will be used primarily to reach you in connection with the contests. We may also use the collected contact information to send you information about www.FootlooseSports.com community and resort services, as well as offers tailored to your interests by our Town business partners. You may choose to opt-out of receiving such mailings at the time of receipt, or afterwards, by emailing us at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com.PLEASE NOTE:In certain special cases, we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to you, or otherwise injuring or interfering with www.FootlooseSports.com rights, property or operations, other www.FootlooseSports.com site users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it, or in response to any demand by law enforcement authorities in connection with a criminal investigation, or civil or administrative authorities in connection with a pending civil case, administrative investigation or investigation conducted by www.FootlooseSports.com. We shall have no obligation to inform you of our compliance with the law, including without limitation a response to a law enforcement request or a valid subpoena.Traffic DataWhen you use our site, we collect Traffic Data, even if you have not registered with www.FootlooseSports.com. We use this information to personalize your experience at all the sites that www.FootlooseSports.com operates and generally to improve our services.Cookies – How They Are Used:A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your system or impair its functioning in any way. We use cookies to help us provide customizable services and to allow you to sign-in to our site. Cookies may also be used by www.FootlooseSports.com and business partners on co-branded Web pages, as explained below in “third party relationships,” so please be aware of this as you visit these Web pages.You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features will not work as intended.Children/Family Filterwww.FootlooseSports.com is concerned about protecting the safety of the children who use our site against our terms of use. The www.FootlooseSports.com sites are sites directed to a broad, general audience – comply with the terms of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.As such, we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information on users under the age of 18, without the consent of a parent to do so. Parents have the ability to control what, if any, Personal Information about their child may be disclosed to third parties, by regulating the actions and behavior of their children using the internet.Use of IP AddressesAn Internet protocol (IP) address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you log on to your internet service provider or through your company’s local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). Web servers – the powerful computers that provide web pages for viewing – automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it during your session online.www.FootlooseSports.com may collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report user Traffic Data to our corporate partners (as explained above), and to audit the use of our site. We do not ordinarily link a user’s IP address to the Personal Information of that user, which means each user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site’s Terms and Conditions of Use or terms of service, or to protect our service, site, or other users.PLEASE NOTE: Under certain circumstances, IP addresses and/or domain names may be linked to personally identifiable information, when said information is stored in databases managed by Internet registrars or registries such as Network Solutions.Third-Party RelationshipsIn order to optimize your experience on our sites, www.FootlooseSports.com maintains relationships with many business partners and service providers throughout the community and region. If you have any questions about whether certain information, content or services pertain to us, or are provided by one of our partners, please contact us at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com.Whenever you provide registration information on certain Web pages or for certain services provided in conjunction with third party partners, we want to be clear that some data you provide is shared with partners. For instance, certain information may be shared with mail service providers for direct mail campaigns. We will make every effort to ensure that you have the ability to opt-out of the sharing of such data with partners. You may email us directly at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com and follow up to ensure that your concerns are adequately handled.VERY IMPORTANT: If you feel that a site using the www.FootlooseSports.com brand and/or logos has not posted an acceptable privacy policy, or is not following the privacy policy it has posted, please send us an email at mlmleadpro@yahoo.com. If appropriate, we may forward complaints to the appropriate third parties and help you follow up to ensure that your concerns are adequately handled. Of course, if any of these third party companies does not have a privacy policy that is acceptable to you, you should refrain from providing information until your concerns have been satisfactorily addressed.Securitywww.FootlooseSports.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. www.FootlooseSports.com has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur; we make every reasonable effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.Contacting UsIf you have questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please contact:Contact us at:Ph. 760.934-2400mlmleadpro@yahoo.comwww.FootlooseSports.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of any significant changes to this privacy policy. However, it is your responsibility to check this site for any such updates as you will be bound by them should you choose to visit our sites.