https://www.belk.com/customer-service/policies-guidelines/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html
Up to 60% off
select Belk exclusives & National brands
GET COUPON
Get it Today!
Extra 10% off
with in-store or Contactless Curbside Pickup
LEARN MORE
Find A Store
Find Other Stores
Belk Rewards
Pay My Bill
Apply for a New Card
Manage My Account
My Rewards Benefits
Reminder: your Belk Credit User ID and Password may differ from your belk.com Email and Password.
Cancel
Continue to Belk Credit
Gift Cards
Shop Gift Cards
Shop eGift Cards
Check My Gift Card Balance
Up to 60% off
select Belk exclusives & National brands
GET COUPON
Get it Today!
Extra 10% off
with in-store or Contactless Curbside Pickup
LEARN MORE
Back to Customer Service
Home
Customer Service
Policies & Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated as of October 28, 2020
General
This privacy policy describes the information Belk, Inc. collects about you and how it is shared or otherwise used, what rights and choices you have over your personal information and our use of it, and the measures that Belk takes to protect your information. This privacy policy applies to personal information collected by or on behalf of Belk, Inc. (“Belk”, “we”, “us”), including information collected through our websites and mobile versions of our websites (collectively, the “Site”); our mobile app; blogs; in our retail stores or by phone; and anywhere else where we display this privacy policy (collectively the “Platforms”). By using the Platforms, you accept and consent to the terms of our privacy policy in effect at the time of your visit.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Personal information is information that directly or indirectly identifies you or can be used to identify you as an individual. The following are the categories of personal information we collect about you and how we collect it:
Information You Provide. Belk collects personal information that you provide when you visit or use our Platforms such as registering an account with us on any Platform, making an online purchase, creating a registry or wish list, contacting customer service, or marking certain items as favorites. The personal information that we collect includes: contact information (such as your first and last name or initials, telephone number, postal and email addresses), demographic information (such as your gender and date of birth), and billing information (such as your billing address). We may also request information about local stores where you or your friends may shop, your shopping preferences, and similar information to help enhance and customize our services to you. You may also choose to provide information about your vehicle and its license plate number when using our curbside order fulfillment services as available through the Platforms.
You can choose not to provide personal information to us. However, some information about you is generally required to fulfill, track and bill your order or respond to your requests; participate in a survey, contest, or sweepstakes; ask us a question; set up a registry; or to take advantage of other services that Belk offers.
Information Collected Automatically. We may automatically collect personal information about you when you visit or use our Platforms. For example, we automatically collect your information when you open or respond to our emails, contact customer service or use support tools, visit any page that displays our ads or content, connect or link to any Platform via social networking sites, post comments to online communities or provide information to our service providers, including our advertising and business partners.
We may aggregate personal information that we automatically collect in connection with your use of our Platforms, such that the information no longer identifies you. We may use such aggregated information for our legitimate business purposes.
Information from Other Sources. If you connect with us or interact with us or our Platforms through third-party sites or applications such as social media platforms, the third party may send us your information such as your profile information from that platform. This includes when you log in using a third-party platform, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Google, or Twitter. We may disclose information collected from third parties to customize ads and to manage and facilitate messaging to you on third-party platforms. We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from other sources, such as affiliated entities, advertising and business partners, data providers, and other third-party sources and add it to our information to better customize our offerings to you. Examples of information we may receive include: name, special event dates, purchase history, email address, demographic information, or device identifiers.
Browsing and Device Information. We automatically collect some information and data about your computer and mobile devices when you visit our Platforms. For example, we will collect your IP address, web browser software (e.g., Internet Explorer), and information about referring websites. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as merchandise viewed and purchases made, as well as general location data that helps Belk to tailor the version of the Platform that you see in order to enhance your shopping experience.
Mobile Device Location Data
We and our service providers may collect the physical location of your mobile device (which may include specific longitude and latitude coordinates), only when you intentionally enable settings on your device that allow your device to share its location information and when your mobile device is in-use, to provide goods and services to you. For example, precise geolocation data from your intentionally activated device may allow us to determine when you are in or near a Belk store. Activating your device in this manner enables us to send you push notifications through our mobile app when you visit our stores, in order to provide information about your Belk Reward dollars as well as coupons, discounts, and other location-based offers to personalize your experience. You may also choose to allow us to know when you are en route or have arrived to pick up your Belk order from a Belk store, so we can have your order ready just as you arrive. Once you have picked up your order and/or the order has been completed or cancelled, your mobile device will stop sharing location information for this purpose. In summary, you can always directly manage how your device location is shared through the settings on your mobile device.
How We Use Your Information
In general, we use your personal information to accomplish our business and commercial purposes, including for marketing, transactional purposes, or to otherwise enhance our business practices and our services to you. More specifically, we may use your personal information to:
Ship merchandise that you purchase on the Platforms and communicate with you about such transactions or otherwise administer our business.
Enable use of our mobile services such as locating the Belk stores closest to you, sending you offers based on your location and/or facilitating curbside order fulfillment services.
Register you as a member of the Belk Platforms and service your online profiles.
Protect our assets, prevent fraud and fraudulent transactions.
Bill your credit card for your purchases and confirm and track your orders.
Respond to your customer service inquiries, reviews, or other feedback you submit.
Provide promotional communication and other information that you choose to receive.
Source and offer the products you want.
Personalize your shopping experience and tailor it to your general geographic location or region.
Improve the design of our Platforms, merchandise assortment, and customer service.
Identify product preferences and shopping preferences.
Conduct research and analysis related to our operations and logistics.
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, and focus groups and loyalty programs.
Validate credentials and authenticate customers when logging into your online profile, applications, or when transacting in store.
Protect the security and integrity of our Platforms and our data.
Comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations, and statutes.
Assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries and protect the legal rights or health or safety of our customers, employees and others.
How We Share Your Information
When appropriate, we may share your information with or for:
Belk Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Parent Companies. We may sometimes share your information with Belk affiliates, subsidiaries, and parent companies for business operations and to send you information about products or services we think may be of interest to you.
Service Providers. We share your information with service providers that help us with our business activities and technology services and who provide services on our behalf, including shipping and delivery vendors, communications platforms, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, gift card awards and redemption providers, business analytics platforms, customer service organizations, distributers of surveys or sweepstakes programs, fraud prevention firms and companies that help us improve our products and services such as service providers who provide direct fulfillment services for certain products or assist us with other order fulfillment activities.
Products and Services Offered by Other Businesses. We will sometimes enable other businesses to make products or services available to our customers and facilitate the purchase of products or services from these other businesses at our stores or through our Site, including through the sharing of your personal information with these businesses.
Third Party Vendors. We may also authorize third party vendors to collect information on our behalf as necessary to facilitate online advertising tailored to your interests. Such third-party vendors have access to, and may collect, your personal information to perform advertising functions and deliver services.
Business Transfers. In the event that all or a part of our business is merged, sold or reorganized (including transfers made as a part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings), personal information about you could be shared with the successor business. We will use reasonable measures to help ensure that any successor treats your information in accordance with this policy.
Referring Platforms. If you are referred to our Platforms from another platform, an advertising site, a blog, a social media site, etc., we may collect information about you from the referring platform or site. Also, we may share some information about you with the referring platform or site.
Surveys, Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. Belk may collect your personal information if you participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests and promotions on our Platforms. Our surveys and promotions are voluntary and any information you provide may be collected, used, shared, disclosed, stored, transferred and processed in accordance with this policy.
Product Reviews. When you provide a product review or other user content for shared communities or viewing, that content will be publicly posted. Other users may be able to see your name or other information about you that you post.
Legally Required Sharing of Personal Information and Protection of Our Company and Others. We may share your personal information in certain legal or emergency situations, which include, but are not limited to, when required by law, or when we believe sharing will help to protect Belk’s safety, property, or rights, or the safety, property or rights of our customers, our employees, or individuals. Examples of such situations include:
Protecting the health or safety of customers.
Addressing crimes committed on Belk’s property.
Identifying and addressing fraud or financial risk.
Providing personal information from cameras to law enforcement at their request.
Responding to a search warrant or other valid legal inquiry.
Responding to an investigative body or regulators in the case of a breach of an agreement or violation of law.
Responding to insurance companies.
Information Sharing and Options When You Use the Synchrony Bank/Belk Rewards Card. If you make a transaction on the Platforms with your Belk Rewards Card, the information sharing terms of the Synchrony Bank (SYNCB) Privacy Policy will apply. If and when you choose to sign up for a Belk Rewards Card, administered by Synchrony Bank, you will be informed of the SYNCB Privacy Policy which includes its disclosure on information sharing. The SYNCB Privacy Policy is also always available on the Belk Credit Services Online. All Belk Rewards Cardholders have the right to opt-out from having personal information shared with certain third parties. For more information, please see the 'It's Your Choice' section in the SYNCB Privacy Policy by clicking the link below:
Synchrony Bank Privacy Policy
Mobile and Other Devices
We and some service providers that we have engaged may collect and store device identifiers matched to your mobile or other Wi-Fi enabled device. These identifiers are used to deliver customized ads or content while you use applications or surf the Internet, to identify you or your device in a unique manner across devices or browsers or to enhance our products and services through analysis of the information and data that is collected. In order to customize ads or content, we, or our service providers, may collect your personal information including your email address, your zip code or data passively collected from you, such as your device identifier or IP address and your browsing activities.
You can manage how your mobile device, mobile browser and other Wi-Fi enabled devices share information with the Platforms, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies (as defined hereinafter), by adjusting the privacy, security and Wi-Fi settings on your device. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Belk, and our service providers, use small data file(s) that our server sends to your browser when you visit our Platforms (“Cookies”) to assist your use of certain aspects of the Platforms. We may collect your personal information, including usage and demographic information about you over time and across different Platforms, including, without limitation, Belk Bucks earning details, Belk Reward Dollars details, and Belk cardholder status. Our service providers (e.g., advertising partners), may collect personal information, such as your name, address, email address, gender, telephone number, purchase history, and other unique identifiers via these technologies. We also may use analytics services which provide us with a clearer picture of how you use the Platforms, and we may identify and track you when you use different devices and Platforms. In addition, we and our service providers may also collect and store your personal information via Cookies (which are stored on your computer in a file), web beacons and remarketing pixel tags. By using the Platforms, you consent to the use of Cookies and tracking technologies described in this policy.
Your Choices
Opting Out of Cookies and Tracking Technologies. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new Cookie, or how to disable Cookies altogether. Please keep in mind that, without Cookies, you may not have access to certain features on our Platforms, including access to your profile or account and certain personalized content. Removing all Cookies from your computer could also affect your subsequent visits to certain Platforms, by requiring that, for example, you enter your login name when you return. Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Managing “Do Not Track” Signals. Some browsers have a Do Not Track (“DNT”) feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity via Cookies or other tracking technologies. Our Site does not currently respond to browser based DNT signals. For information regarding DNT and how to enable this setting, if available, on your devices please see https://allaboutdnt.com.
Mobile Device Location Tracking. You can manage how your mobile device shares location data or prevent geolocation tracking by adjusting the controls and disabling location services on your mobile device or within our mobile application. For example, if you no longer wish to receive location-based offers when visiting our store, you can disable location services or adjust the push notification settings on your device.
Marketing and Interest-Based Advertising. Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Platforms may be served by our service providers, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers, in which event (i) these service providers may use Cookies alone or collect information about your online activities over time and across different sites, (ii) these service providers may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content on our behalf, and (iii) we do not permit service providers to use this information for the service provider’s or a third party’s own direct marketing or other purposes. We will not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Many of our marketing service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and have agreed to honor consumers' opt-out preferences submitted through those organizations' websites. To learn more about your choices regarding this type of data collection or to opt-out of interest-based advertising by members of the NAI or the DAA, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org or https://www.aboutads.info.
Communication Preferences. You may choose not to receive commercial emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the commercial emails we send you. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from commercial email messages, we may still email you non-marketing emails related to your account and your transactions. Further, opting out of email marketing does not affect any digital advertising that does not rely on your email information. If you wish to opt out of receiving offers from our business or advertising partners, you can follow the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions in the emails that they send you.
You may also change the push notification and alert settings on your device to adjust whether or when you receive location-based offers and other features available through the app.
Text Messaging and Alerts – Opting In and Out
Our mobile Platforms give you the choice to opt-in to receiving text messages about order updates, delivery status, promotional events, and similar alerts on the mobile phone number(s) you have shared with us as further described below. Once you have opted-in, depending on the choices you made, we or our service providers may send you text messages (i) regarding your account, your transaction, and/or the status of your order; (ii) to investigate or prevent fraud; (iii) to alert you in the event of an emergency; or (iv) for transactional and promotional purposes described below. We may send you text messages and alerts using autodialed technology. We will not contact you via text messages or alerts for marketing purposes without your prior affirmative consent. You do not have to opt-in to text messages and alerts to use and enjoy our Platforms and services or to make purchases from Belk. If you opt-in, standard messaging and data rates may apply. You can always opt-out of text messages by replying STOP and can turn off push notifications through our mobile application or by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. For more information regarding our text messaging and alerts, please contact us at privacy_belk@belk.com or by phone at 1-866-235-5443 or refer to our Text Messaging Terms & Conditions.
Transactional Messages and Alerts. When you agree to text messaging and alert services through our mobile Platforms, we or our service providers may send you SMS text messages or push notifications related to your transaction or order. For example, when you make an online purchase for curbside pick-up, our service provider may send you a text message, on our behalf, prompting you to activate your curbside pick-up process. Once activated, additional messages sent to you soon thereafter will include updates on the status of your order and instructions on how to pick up your order.
Promotional Messages. By joining Belk's promotional and marketing text messaging programs, you may receive reoccurring promotional SMS (text messages) about Belk products, services, sales or sweepstakes.
Location-Based Offers. Belk also enables you to receive special discounts when you are in the neighborhood of a Belk store. When you have opted-in and we have a deal for you, Belk will check how close you are to one of our stores and send you a text message deal based on how near you are to a Belk store. Your physical location is being collected in order to provide this service.
How We Protect the Security of your Personal Information
We use commercially reasonable physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to assist us in preventing unauthorized access, use and disclosure of your personal information. However, because no measure is ever 100% effective, we do not guarantee that your personal information will be secure from theft, loss, or unauthorized access or use, and we make no representation as to the reasonableness, efficacy, or appropriateness of the measures we use to safeguard such data.
Privacy Protection of Children
Belk does not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy_belk@belk.com or by phone at 1-866-235-5443. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Linking to Third Party Platforms
We may provide links to websites and third-party content that is not owned or operated by Belk. This privacy policy does not apply to services offered by other companies and individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the Site. We do not control the privacy practices of third-party platforms. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party platforms for more information regarding their applicable privacy practices.
Notice to California Residents
The information in this section applies to residents of California. Please contact us at privacy_belk@belk.com or by calling 1-866-235-5443 if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including this section specific to California residents, or if you would like a printed copy of this privacy policy. You may also print a copy of this privacy policy by selecting the “Print” button in your web browser.
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
This section describes the personal information (as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 or the “CCPA”) we collected about California residents in the last 12 months, the sources of that information, our business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the third parties with whom we shared that information. Please refer to the corresponding sections of this policy for details on the following:
Information We Collect and How We Collect It: This section describes the categories of personal information we collected and the categories of sources from which the information was collected.
How We Use Your Information: This section describes the business or commercial purposes for which we collected the information.
How We Share Your Information: This section lists the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
Your Rights and How to Exercise Them
California residents have certain rights under the CCPA. Those rights may only apply in certain circumstances and may be subject to limitations or exceptions. A summary of those rights is provided below as well as information on how to exercise your rights. Please note that we will require certain identifying information about you as necessary for us to verify your request in accordance with applicable law.
Right to Know: You have the right to know what personal information we collect, use, disclose and/or sell about you. To exercise this right, please click here and complete the web form. You may also submit your request by calling 1-866-235-5443.
Right to Opt Out of Sale: You have the right to opt out or ask us not to sell your personal information. To exercise this right, please click here and complete the web form. You may also submit your request by calling 1-866-235-5443. We do not sell your personal information in exchange for money. We do share certain information with third parties to market products, services, and other offers we think may be of interest to you. The CCPA broadly defines the concept of “selling” information so we offer the opportunity for CA residents to opt out of our sharing information with third parties in this manner. Please note that if you opt out of this information sharing with us, we will remove you from these activities; however, other companies may continue to use and disclose your information in the same manner. You should opt out of these practices with those other companies and websites, as applicable.
Right to Delete: You have the right to request us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you. To exercise this right, please click here and complete the web form. You may also submit your request by calling 1-866-235-5443. Please note that certain exceptions may apply to your right to delete information, such as when we must retain your information to comply with law. We will notify you if any such exceptions apply to your request.
Right to Non-Discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer certain financial incentives, charge reasonable fees related to your requests, or deny your right to know, right to opt out of sale or right to deletion in accordance with applicable law.
You can exercise these rights yourself or you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Your authorized agent must be able to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf as further instructed when submitting a verifiable request on your behalf.
How We Disclose Information
In the last 12 months, we disclosed or sold your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, device ID, IP address, browser type and certain browsing activity or user feedback content to third parties for the commercial purposes of marketing and customizing our services and product offerings to you. Again, we do not sell your personal information in exchange for money.
We do not sell the personal information of minors under age 16.
Third-Party Marketing. As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83, a California resident who has provided information to Belk and with whom they have established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California customer”) is entitled to request information about whether we have disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To request such information, please email us at privacy_belk@belk.com, or in writing to:
Belk, Inc.
Attn: Customer Care - California Shine the Light Inquiry
2801 W. Tyvola Rd
Charlotte, NC 28217
Please allow 30 days for a response. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year and you will not be charged for this request.
Users Outside the U.S.
Our business is located in the United States and our Platforms are operated in the United States. The Platforms and our products and offerings are not targeted at individuals outside the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used by us and other third parties outside of the country in which you reside, including in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those in the country in which you are located. By providing personal information through our Platforms, you agree that the personal information will be transferred, processed, used, and stored as set forth in this policy and the laws of the United States.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy is subject to change as we utilize new technologies and improve our services to you. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time; therefore, we encourage you to review our privacy policy each time you use our Platforms. Material changes to this policy will be posted on our Site to keep you aware of how personal information is collected, how it is used, and under what circumstances it will be shared. Your continued use of the Platforms or Belk products or services covered by this privacy policy indicates your consent to the changes as of the last updated date indicated on this privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Questions or Comments?
For any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please visit our Contact Us page and select Privacy Policy from the drop down menu, then complete the form. You may also contact us by e-mailing privacy_belk@belk.com or by calling 1-866-235-5443.
Filter By:
Policies & Guidelines
Accessibility Guidelines
Halloween Contest Official Rules
Pricing
Privacy Policy
Text Terms of Use
Holiday Home Contest Rules
Back to Policies & Guidelines
About Us
Behind the Brand
Charity
CA Transparency Compliance
Conflict Minerals Policy
Community
Store Events
Vendor Resources
Catalogs & Ads
eGift Card
FAQs
Find a Store
Pickup & Delivery Options
Proposition 65
Rebate Center
Registration Info
Returns & Refunds
Salons & Spas
Shipping Information
Stay Connected
Store Directory
Terms of Use
need help?
Chat or Send a Message
Call Us: Customer Service: 1-866-235-5443
Mon - Fri: 7AM - 10PM (EST)
Saturday: 9AM - 9PM (EST)
Sunday: 9AM - 7PM (EST)
Christmas Eve
12/24: 7AM - 6PM (EST)
Closed Christmas Day
New Year's Eve
12/31: 7AM - 7PM (EST)
Closed New Year's Day
Belk Rewards Card:
1-800-669-6550
Mon - Sat, 8:30AM - 7PM (EST)
need help?
Chat or Send a Message
Call Us: Customer Service: 1-866-235-5443
Mon - Fri: 7AM - 10PM (EST)
Saturday: 9AM - 9PM (EST)
Sunday: 9AM - 7PM (EST)
Christmas Eve
12/24: 7AM - 6PM (EST)
Closed Christmas Day
New Year's Eve
12/31: 7AM - 7PM (EST)
Closed New Year's Day
Belk Rewards Card:
1-800-669-6550
Mon - Sat, 8:30AM - 7PM (EST)