http://www.stroheckersrx.com/privacy_policy.php
Privacy Policy
Stroheckers Pharmacy collects information from you under the following two circumstances:
*Some information is collected from you automatically when you view Stroheckers Pharmacy pages and download information. This may include your Internet Protocol address assigned by your Internet Service Provider, domain name and the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed Stroheckers Pharmacy’s site, the pages you requested and visited, and the site you linked from to reach Stroheckers Pharmacy. Stroheckers Pharmacy uses this type of information to statistically measure site traffic and to improve the web site. The information is not reviewed on an individual basis but is collected with other users for comparison purposes. *Additional information may be collected from you if you opt-in or voluntarily provide it in order to fulfill a request for on-line services.
Stroheckers Pharmacy uses the information you voluntarily provide to tailor our site to your needs and preferences and to provide the on-line services you are requesting. The type of information we collect will vary with the service being sought and may include your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. If you simply wish to view pages on Stroheckers Pharmacy’s site, or conduct transactions, you do not need to personalize the site by registering for an account.
Cookies
Stroheckers Pharmacy only utilizes cookies to help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while you browser was visiting the site.  For example we may save your log-in information so you don’t have to sign in each time you visit the site:  we also track the site analytics and use.  This information is used to improve our site services and make your shopping experience better.  If changes to our cookie policy are made this page will be updated to reflect the changes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Stroheckers Pharmacy will only send personal information about you to others when: We have your consent to share the information and if we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job ( for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Stroheckers Pharmacy may amend this policy from time to time. Stroheckers Pharmacy will prominently display on this website any substantial change in the way we use your personal information.
ProductsBravelle™
CETROTIDE®
Follistim AQ
Endometrin Inserts
GANIRELIX ACETATE 250mcg
Leuprolide Acetate Injection
Lupron®
LUVERIS®
Menopur
Ovidrel Prefilled Syringe
Repronex
Crinone (Progesterone)
Novarel (Chorionic Gonadotropin)