http://www.newvisage.ca/pages/terms-conditions
Close
Home
Anti-Aging
Products
All Products
Vistreae - Beauty For Life
Osmosis Pur Medical Skin Care
Sothys Paris
Mary Cohr Paris
Elta MD
Lycogel
Cosmetics
Daily Cleansing
Clear Complexion
Daily Skin Care
Smooth Skin
UV Protection
Hyper-pigmentation
Protection Against Pollutants
Youth Enhancement
Treatments
All Treatments
Anti-Aging Treatments
Cleansing Treatments
Sun Damage Treatments
News!
Looking for a radiant complexion?
This is how your skin adsorbs on a daily basis.
What is "Hyper-pigmentation" and do I have it?
Sun's here...is your skin ready?
The truth about "Beauty Machines"
How does your skin feel after cleansing?
About Us
Shipping
Newsletter signup
Right
Pick a currency
CAD
USD
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Terms & Conditions
Terms | Privacy Policy | Product Information | Payment Options | Security | Shipping Policy | Losses in the mail | Express Deliveries | Taxes | Duties | Cancellations | Exchange | Return Policy | Damaged Return Policy
Privacy Policy All information submitted to us is regarded as completely private and privileged. You can be assured that New Visage will never sell, misuse, rent, trade or share any of your personal information to any third parties. The only circumstances where we may have to disclose information is the following: 1. in connection with normal business operations to maintain our services to you; 2. to comply with applicable law. (Our web site may contain links to other websites. New Visage is not responsibly for the privacy policy and privacy practices of such web sites.)
Product Information, Advertising and Claims Unless otherwise noted, all product materials, including advertising, product images logos, design, trademarks, claims and/or other intellectual properties are provided, made, licensed and the responsibility of the individual product manufacturers. If you have a dispute or questions about any statement of claims made by any product sold by New Visage, please direct the question or dispute directly to the manufacturer. New Visage, it’s owners or employees will not be held responsible for any dispute or damages that you or another party will suffer as a result of using the products sold on our site.
Payment Options The prices quoted on our site are in Canadian Dollars. New Visage accepts orders that are processed online using Paypal or  a credit card. We currently accept Visa and MasterCard. We may accept other cards and methods of payment in the near future. Please be advised that our systems are secure.
Security
When you place an order online, your personal information and credit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, making it virtually impossible for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred to us. Credit card transactions take place on a secure server, which safeguards all of your transactions
Shipping Policy New Visage does not manufacture nor make any of the products that are sold on the New Visage site. We will only ship products under these conditions;
Customer (shopper) accepts full liability for the use of all products and services supplied by New Visage Advanced Skin Care.
Customer (shopper) vows they will only use products under the guidance of information provided by the individual product manufacturers.
Consultation tips are for customer information purposes and, all information is supplied on an educational basis. Customer (shopper) will not in anyway replace this information with that of a physician or the manufacturers.
The customer (shopper) confirms that they are of legal age.
The customer (shopper) agrees to use his or her own personal Visa and MasterCard.
The customer (shopper) is completely responsible for the confirmation of their personal importation requirements. Products are not available where prohibited by law.
New Visage will ship all orders world wide via Airmail through Canada Post. The prices on this site are quoted in CDN dollars.  All orders over $200.00 Canadian will be shipped free to Canada or the US. All international orders outside of Canada and the US will require international shipping fees and we will contact you to confirm the cost prior to shipping.  If this is not satisfactory we will refund you all pre-paid funds.  We will charge a $10 CDN fee for shipping and handling on all orders under $200.00.
We will do our best to ship your order on the same day or the following business day. The orders will be shipped based on availability at the time or order. Different manufacturers provide our products and we cannot always be responsible for the availability of each item. You can be assured that the wait is never long.  We will notify you if a particular product is not in at the time of your order. We will contact you
Once you order is shipped Canadian and US orders will be received in 6-9 working days. International orders may take longer, We will confirm the shipping time, tracking and insurance costs with you prior to shipping.  All shipping will be with Canada Post unless requested.
Losses in the mail New Visage is not responsible for losses in the mail, unless the customer/ shopper requests for shipping insurance with the order. In the event of a claim the tracking process can take up to 6 weeks, whereupon a confirmed mailing loss will result in the products being shipped for a second and final time, unless insured again.
Express and International Deliveries New Visage will ship your orders as you request. We can use of variety of services: Canada Post Air Mail, Postal express, Federal Express, UPS. Within Canada and US if you request to have your order shipped by a service other than our Canada Post Air mail service, you will be charged the shipping cost for the  service that you choose. All international orders will require confirmed service and payment prior to shipping.
Once you have selected the products and reconfirmed your personal information including your address, you will be presented with you shipping choices. Our shipping calculator will relay your shopping cart’s weight and package size and address information to UPS and Federal Express and following a short wait you will receive the shipping choices and their related prices for you to choose from. We will not ship until we have full confirmation from you that you will be paying for the shipping costs that you request.
Taxes We are required by law to collect GST on all orders shipped in Canada. We will collect PST on all orders within British Columbia.
Duties New Visage does not charge taxes, duties or extra charges for orders shipped to USA.
All International customers will be responsible for payment of any applicable taxes and duties at the time an order arrives at its destination. If you are unsure of taxes and duties that may charged to you when your order arrives at its destination you must contact your local Department of Commerce for information about any duty and taxes that may be added to your order.
Cancellations Any cancellation must be made prior to shipment of Merchandise. Please cancel your order by sending an e-mail to office@vistreae.com. If your product has not been shipped we will cancel your order, all cancellations will be subject to a 5% processing charge on your visa. If the products have already been shipped to you the order will have to be treated as a returned item. Please read the Return Policy. We will contact you with the status of your product at the time of your cancellation.
Exchange If the customer requests a change in an order before the products are shipped the changes can be made. If the products have been shipped than the order will be subject to the terms in the return policy.
Return Policy If the customer wishes to return the products after receiving, you are required to give written notice by e-mail at office@vistreae.com. She/He may return the product during the first 7 days after receiving; the product must be in its original state, it must be in their original boxes and contain all documentation and accessories that the manufacturer has provided. Due to the policies of the manufacturers and the nature of the products that we sell we do not offer a money back guarantee on products that have been opened, the seal should not be broken or removed . We will not accept any returns if they have been opened. We will not accept any returns in which the reason for the return is something beyond our control such as mishandling and/or misuse of products and tampering. Please contact New Visage by e-mail within 3 days after receiving the products and the products must be returned within 7 days after receiving.
There will be a 15% restocking fee. This amount will be deducted from your return. If your order was over $200.00 dollars CDN and New Visage paid for the shipping we will be deducting the shipping charges from your refund. New Visage will not be responsible for shipping charges on returned or cancelled items. For your protection, New Visage strongly recommends you fully insure you return shipment.
Damaged Return Policy If, when the merchandise is delivered, it appears to be damaged, it is best to refuse delivery. If you accept the package make sure the damage is noted on the carrier’s delivery record to verify that the package was damaged by the carrier and not by you. New Visage will gladly replace any item damaged during shipping or refund your original purchase price for the item when we receive your damaged merchandise and confirm that the product was damaged due to shipment of the goods. New Visage will also cover shipping costs back to us for damaged goods, however you must use regular Postal Air mail services. We will not accept damaged returns that have been shipped by FedEx, UPS and other couriers; they will be automatically rejected and will not be received by us.
Up
Top