https://www.rareplants.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
Card payments and numbers.
Please note We do not see your card details online. You make your secure payment (via Sagepay) once you enter your card details and press [pay]. When you pay online by card you pay at the time of ordering, we cannot defer payment or take the money later as we do not ever see any card details. If you wish to pay later, then please select to pay using ‘other payment’ not via Sagepay.
Bulb size.
These are our best estimate made when the bulbs are still in the ground and growing. We strive to supply flowering-sized plants if we can. Significantly smaller sizes are usually noted. However we cannot, and will not, guarantee flowering, even when a bulb is flowering-sized. There are simply too many things that can happen between growth and harvest and your own subsequent care of the plants.
Faults or Returns.
Our primary aim is for satisfied customers and we approach any complaints from this viewpoint in a reasonable manner. You can return anything not acceptable within 14 days of receipt. When we get returns within 14 days the we will replace or refund them without any quibble or question and we will refund the return postage . After that and once you accept them as good, then we think it is reasonable that both care and responsibility pass to yourself. Plants are living things and we cannot guarantee that you can grow the plants. We do not accept complaints or returns months later. Mistakes as to identity are rare but we are human, please contact us if you think we have made a mistake.
Cancellations,
by you, of orders already paid by credit card by yourself, will carry a small charge. This is currently 80p and this reflects the sum levied on us, by the credit card companies for refunding a transaction.
Refunds of UK transactions paid by BACS are not charged.
Transactions paid in € carry a refund charge of € 4.50 if you cancel the order. This is the bank charge levied on us to make the refund transaction.
Flowering:
We do not guarantee flowering or subsequent performance. This lies totally outside of our control and depends on your conditions and how you treat the plants after they leave us.
Delivery time:
Plants can only be safely sent when they are dormant. We fill orders as quickly as the plants allow, but we do ask for your patience.
* Autumn listing : Most bulbs are ready in September, a very few are ready before this but some bulbs may not be dormant and ready to deliver before October or even November. Please be aware of this possibility. We do try and draw your attention to this throughout our website and in our printed lists.
* Spring listing : In spring, there is always the possibility of delays due to bad weather, snow and frosted ground that prevents lifting. Tender plants simply cannot be posted when there is a risk of frost or freezing in transit.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish
Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Our Current listing is our Winter listing for delivery December to March 2021.
All prices are each (per bulb or corm). We can no longer combine old & new orders. Dismiss