http://www.luggagebase.com/pages/privacy-policy
(805) 929-8191
Live Help
Shop All
Brands
Luggage
Briefcase
Backpacks
Handbags
Duffels
Accessories
Specials
20% Off (Code: TAR20) + Free Shipping on Orders Over $50 *some exclusions apply
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe are very conscientious and concerned with your right to privacy. At LuggageBase.com, we help you maintain control over your personal data without sacrificing great service. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide during a visit to LuggageBase.com.
Internet CommerceThe online store at LuggageBase.com is designed to give you control over the privacy of your credit card information, name, address, email and any other information you provide us. We offer the industry standard of security measures available through your browser, called SSL encryption. Encryption scrambles all information, prohibiting a third party from viewing any information you submit to us.  If you choose to pay using a credit card, Luggage Base or any of its employees do not store or have any type of access to credit card information.Credit card details are encrypted and securely stored by a third party company, Authorize.net. Authorize.Net and its parent company, CyberSource, validate security measures against applicable sections of numerous federal and state laws – HIPAA, GLBA, California Seate Bill 1386 (SB1386), and many others.You may find a copy of Authorize.net security policy in the following link: http://www.authorize.net/solutions/merchantsolutions/merchantservices/security/ If you'd like to make a purchase, but would rather give your credit card or order information to a representative over the telephone, you may do so. Simply call us at 805-929-8191.
Data CollectionWhen you provide your personal information, such as name, address, phone number and company name, LuggageBase.com will not give or sell this information to any outside company for any use. However, it is our policy to contact customers in the event of a potential problem with your purchase or any normal business communication regarding your purchase.
AccessSince LuggageBase.com is family owned and operated, only a select few at LuggageBase.com have access to customer information. Customer information is self-contained and is not shared on any network within our company. We do compile a email list for marketing purposes such as industry imformation, sales, or specials for LuggageBase only customers who opt in and so desire. We do not and will never share or disclose this list with any outside organization.
The information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to support your customer relationship with LuggageBase.com. Information regarding you or your order and the products you purchase will not be disclosed or sold to any outside organization.
How does Luggage Base use cookies?"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide tailored information from our web site and store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can change the settings in your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Children’s privacy.The safety of children is obviously very important to us. Children should always ask a parent or guardian for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. Luggage Base does not knowingly collect or maintain information at our website from those who are under 18.
If you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us at the following e-mail address: Service@luggagebase.com . We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
How to Contact UsShould you have other questions or concerns about these policies, please send us an e-mail to service@luggagebase.com .
Shop Categories
Brands
Travel Luggage
Backpacks
Duffel Bags
Briefcases
Travel Accessories
Handbags
Luggage Specials
Dads & Grads