https://www.classicchevy.com/privacy/
877-815-5799
Over 600K Auto Restoration & Performance Parts
Menu
Shop by CategoryAir and Fuel SystemAir Conditioning and HeatingAudioBody ComponentsBody PanelsBrake Systems and ComponentsCar CareElectrical SystemEngine Cooling SystemEngines and ComponentsExhaust SystemGift and ApparelGlassInterior Hard PartsInterior Soft GoodsLiterature and How To VideosStripes and DecalsSuspension and ChassisTransmission and DrivelineWeatherstrippingWheels and TiresNew ProductsSale/Clearance
Shop by Brand
Featured Brands
Edelbrock
Auto Custom Carpets ACC
Auto Metal Direct AMD
B&m Racing
More Brands
Lloyd Mats
AC Delco
Accel Ignition
Air Ride Suspensions/Ridetech
Airaid Filters
American Autowire/Factory Fit
American Car Craft ACC
Addco Sway Bars
American Racing Custom Wheels
AMK Products Inc
View All Brands
Skip to Content
My Account
My Account
Save your vehicles, create project lists, and track your orders.
Request CatalogPit Stop BlogOrders
Account
Account Home
My Project Lists
Log In
Contact UsMembershipMy ProjectsMy GarageOrders
Create an Account
Account
Home
Eckler's Automotive Privacy Statement
Eckler's Automotive Privacy Statement
Last Updated May 25, 2018
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices. Please read this privacy statement closely. You accept the terms of this private statement by continuing to use Eckler's Automotive’s products and services.
Policy
Eckler's Automotive, Inc., will never sell, rent, barter, trade, distribute or lease personal information to outside parties unless Eckler's Automotive obtains customer permission or disclosure is required by law.
Purpose
Eckler's Automotive uses the information customers provide only to the extent necessary to offer our services to our customers. Eckler's Automotive believes in both minimizing the data that is collected and limiting its use and purpose to only that:
for which we have been given permission by customers
as necessary to deliver our services, and
as we might be required or permitted for legal, compliance or other lawful purposes.
The only individually identifiable information that Eckler's Automotive collects about you is that which you choose to share with us in registration, such as your name, billing address, email address, phone, usernames and passwords. This information will be closely protected and used for internal purposes only. Eckler's Automotive uses return email addresses to answer the email Eckler's Automotive receives. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. Eckler's Automotive will never willfully release your personal information to any third party unless you direct us to do so or disclosure is required by law.
Eckler's Automotive also may collect personal information when you request assistance from our customer support team (e.g., phone number, email address,) and may collect additional information that you choose to share with our customer support team.
Eckler's Automotive also collects information to evaluate aggregate site usage. Eckler's Automotive may automatically collect certain usage information from customers, such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our services and other usage information collected from cookies and other tracking technologies as noted below. For example, we collect IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, such as using IP addresses to monitor the regions from which users navigate to our Services. We also collect IP addresses from users when they log into their Eckler's Automotive databases as part of our log-in process and for enhanced identity authentication and authorization security.
Eckler's Automotive’s services may change over time and we may introduce new features that may collect new or different types of information.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” which can be used to provide tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. A “cookie” marks and identifies visitors on an Internet site to allow customers to enter customized information and have it available on subsequent visits. Eckler's Automotive pages may use cookies so that Eckler's Automotive can provide a customer with access to information when a customer returns to Eckler's Automotive web site.
Although there has been debate over the privacy implications of cookies, it is important for Eckler's Automotive customers to know that cookies do not read your hard drive, nor can cookies be used to reveal new information about you that you have not elected to reveal. Eckler's Automotive may use cookies to log your activity on the site. Everything Eckler's Automotive learns from these logs will be used to enrich our users’ experiences on our site. It will help Eckler's Automotive understand what you like and don’t like, so Eckler's Automotive can focus its energies more effectively and provide you with better service. Please note that your web browser settings may be adjusted to limit or prohibit this and other websites from placing cookies.
Our site uses a third party service to match browser cookies to your mailing address. We then use another company to send special offers through the mail on our behalf. Our company never receives or stores any of this information and our third parties do not provide or sell this information to any other company or service.
Security
Eckler's Automotive is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Connecting or Linking Your Eckler's Automotive Database with Third Party Services
We work with other companies or developers who provide products and services that you may choose to sync, link or otherwise connect with your Eckler's Automotive database. If you choose to make use of such related products or services, we may exchange that information, including your personal information, information from your database, and information about how you interact with each company’s service or product with one or more third parties. This routine exchange of information is necessary to maintain business operations and to provide the requested services.
Data Retention
In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, we will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business.
When your account expires or becomes disabled, Eckler's Automotive may retain the data for up to 30 days before it is permanently removed from all of our systems. We will retain information about our customers as required by applicable regulations and to comply with our legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
Your Access Rights
You may access your online account to view your personal contact information and make changes or corrections at any time.
Applicable law may give users certain rights to access personal information about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal information. Eckler's Automotive is committed to respecting those rights. If you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please contact us at custsvc@ecklers.net and please provide the name of the Eckler's Automotive customer who submitted your personal information to our services. We will refer your requests to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request.
Communications Preferences and Opt-Out
As a result of providing your contact information, Eckler's Automotive may market to you, including sending promotional communications and relevant offers. To opt out of receiving marketing related communications from Eckler's Automotive, please click on the “opt-out” link in the communication. Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing- related emails from us, we may still use your email address to send you important administrative messages. If you wish for us to completely delete your personal record from our database, email custsvc@ecklers.net and we will delete your contact information.
International Data Transfers
In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, we reserve the right to transfer your information, process and store it outside your country of residence to wherever we or our third party service providers operate.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to this statement or in how Eckler's Automotive will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Eckler's Automotive is protecting your information.
Contacting Us
Eckler's Automotive welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. If you have questions about this statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please contact us via email at custsvc@ecklers.net or by mail at: Eckler's Automotive, 2603 Challenger Tech Parkway, Suite 110, Orlando FL 32826
Pricing
While we try to ensure accuracy, we reserve the right to correct any errors in pricing or descriptions, and to cancel or refuse to accept any order based on an incorrect price or description. Such corrections may be made even after an order is accepted.
Sales Tax
Eckler’s charges sales tax on orders (based on the destination of the order) in accordance with state and local tax laws. Eckler Industries, Inc. is required to charge sales tax based on the tax laws of the following states.
Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts , Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, Wyoming
Policy
Eckler’s maintains the rights to change, update, or modify this policy statement at any time. All changes will be reflected on this page and it is the customer's responsibility to review this page and to be aware of any changes to the privacy policy.
Limited Warranty
Eckler’s will not be responsible for any damage or loss caused by delays, failures or other consequential damage, nor for labor, transportation or any other charges incurred in the replacement or repair of a defective item. Additionally, Eckler Industries, Inc. does not accept any responsibility for consequences resulting from installations on vehicles operating beyond U.S. speed limits.
No Hassle Returns
If, for any reason, you are unhappy with an item, return the item within 30 days of purchase for an immediate exchange or refund. If you are ever less than satisfied, call our Customer Service Department at . We are committed to meeting your needs. For detailed information on returns click here.
Promotions and Specials.
Promotional and special offers are available for a limited time only. We reserve the right to end any sale or promotion at any time without prior notice.
Product Promotions and Discounts
Discounts will appear in the shopping cart. Discounts do not apply to already discounted items, sale items, new lower price items, sets, wholesale accounts , Engines, Transmissions, Wheels, Tires, Glass, Cores, Gift Certificates, Kits, Restoration Services, Special Order Parts and Zaino Products and cannot be combined with other offers, including 'free' offers. All orders are subject to verification. Discount is not valid on prior purchases and cannot be combined with any other discounts. Other exceptions may apply.
Shipping Promotions
Shipping promotions will appear at checkout. Free shipping applies to Ground (standard) shipping and select products only. To qualify, your order must be shipped within the contiguous United States and purchase total must equal or exceed minimum amount specified. Normal shipping fees will apply to products not included in the promotion. Oversize shipments are subject to additional charges. Void where prohibited. Oversized and heavy shipments are subject to additional charges. Truck and drop ship shipments are excluded
Sale or Clearance Pricing
Item availability is limited to stock on hand and can be discontinued at any time. Adding an item to your cart does not guarantee the price and it may change while in your cart. When an item goes out of stock, we remove the item from our website as soon as possible; sometimes there may be a slight delay. We will notify you if you placed an order with an item that is no longer available. Some of these items come back into stock, while others are closeouts and are gone forever.
Memberships
View the current Membership Program Terms and Conditions