https://www.gardeningworks.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
The website uses cookies to allow us to better understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this site, you consent to this policy. Click to learn more.
Change settings
OK
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works is committed to protecting your privacy, and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of user information very seriously. This Privacy Statement sets out how we comply with both UK and European data protection requirements.
We have structured our website so that you can visit without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, it will be used only to process enquiries or orders and that so we can fulfill any orders you place with us. All data collected is secured on a secure server and will only ever be accessed by offical repsentatives of Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner (ICO). At Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works we only collect pertinent and required information, fo example we collect email addresses for communication purposes, financial information for payment purposes and place cookies to remember passwords and user preferences according to the preferences you express.
How We Use Your Information.
We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works website and service, send you occasional marketing communications and respond to your questions and concerns.
How We Share Your Information.
(a) Personally Identifiable Information: Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others at any time whatsoever. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers however we will always endeavour to ensure infomation is secure). Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our associated sites such as posting comments on our blog page, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our sites, or if other users have copied or saved that information. Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with third parties to help us understand the usage patterns of Julie Ashworth Limited t/a Gardening Works. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
Please note that our website is also compliant with the European Cookie Law and upon entering our website, you will be asked as to how you wish to proceed to cookie collection.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any third parties whatsoever and you may ask that your details be removed from our system by writing to the address below or email us at: datacontroller@gardeningworks.co.uk
What if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy of the information we hold about you?
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address below or email us at datacontroller@gardeningworks.co.uk
Data Protection Compliance
Julie Ashworth Limited
Unit 1, Bee Mill
Ribchester
Lancashire
PR3 3XJ
If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible to the above address. Any incorrect information will be corrected promptly.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to track your order through the shopping process. These are commonly used on websites, do not contain personally identifiable information about you, do not pose a security threat and do not harm your computer. Cookies also serve to recognize you during your next visit to our site. This helps to simplify your shopping experience and means that you don't have to input your contact details every time you visit. However your credit or debit card details are not stored on the site and are always secure as we use a secure, third party payment gateway to process payments.
You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may be unable to  shop with us and may not be able to use certain features within our website.
Other Websites
This website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over any other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and read the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Consent
By using this website you consent to the collection and use of this information by us for the purposes described above. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and in what circumstances we disclose it.
Categories
Special Offers
Wooden Compost Bins & Accessories
Raised Wooden Bed Gardening
Children & School Gardening
Polytunnels, Cold Frames & Plant Protection
Gardening Equipment & Grow Your Own
Birds & Wildlife
Harvesting & Preserving
House & Home
Storage Solutions
Pet Products
Gift Certificates
$('#slideshow6').cycle({
fx: 'fade'
,
timeout: 8000
});
Home
/
Contact Us
/
Sign in
or Register
My Account
View Basket
0 - Items £0.00
Order by Phone: +44 (0)1254 820088
Customer Services
Delivery Information
Product Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Trade
Privacy Policy
Copyright Statement
Assembly Instructions
Guarantee on Wooden Products
About Us
Our Story
Workshop & Office Opening Hours
Contact Us
Gardening Works Blog
Frequently Asked Questions
Returns and Refunds
Gift Certificates
Newsletter Subscription
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas:
Subscribe
Follow us on:
Copyright © 1995-2020 Gardening Works . All Rights Reserved
Website Design By Chamber Internet