http://www.belvedereflowers.com/help-center/
Close
Contact Us
Belvedere Flowers of Havertown PA
610-449-3880
28 W Eagle Rd
Havertown PA 19083
Information
Our Promise
Contact Us
About Flowers
Caring for your Flowers
Flower Meanings
Plant Care
Help Center
Floral Substitutions
Rave Reviews
Our Policies
Your Privacy
Blog
Belvedere Prom Gallery
Our Delivery Areas
About us
We care about our customers & are always family owned & operating. We put our personal attention into every floral creation, and the difference shows!
Rewards
FAQ
Create Store Account to Join
Already have an account?
Login to check your balance or redeem rewards
×
Home
About Us
Help Center
Help Center
FAQ
Flower Care
Delivery
Substitutions
Orders
Location & Hours
Contact
Where does Belvedere Flowers of Havertown PA deliver?
Please visit our Flower Delivery Information page for a list of all cities and towns in the Philadelphia area that are part of our local delivery area. We can also process orders for delivery anywhere in the United States (same day not available), so let us know if you'd like to send flowers to your aunt in Chicago, or cousin in Reno!
Can I order online and then pick up my flowers in the store?
Certainly! Simply select "Pick Up In Store" on the checkout page, after you've entered your Delivery information. You will not be charged a delivery fee.
Can I request delivery on a holiday?
Delivery service is not available on legal holidays. Items requested for these times must be delivered the day before or day after the date requested.
Can I include a special message with my online order?
You bet. Once you've clicked on a product, you can add your recipient's name, a special message and the gift sender's name. Simply add the delivery date, add your item to the cart and - voila! - you're ready for checkout.
Can I send to multiple arrangements to different addresses in the same order?
No, you'll need to place separate orders for each delivery address.
How long will my flowers last?
Most floral arrangements will last from 4 to 7 days - or longer - depending on the type of flowers included and the level of care they receive. Just a little extra care can make a big difference!
Should I place my flowers the sunlight?
As pretty as they may look, don't keep them in direct sunlight. Try to keep them in a cool area, but away from direct cooling vents or fans, as they will dehydrate faster.
Do I need to use the packet of flower food?
Believe it or not, that flower food really will help deliver nutrients to your stems and keep them lasting longer. Mix the packet with water according to directions, and then place your arrangement in water after the solution is dissolved.
How often should I change the water in my vase?
When the water is no longer clear, change the water. This is a step that is easy to forget about due to our busy schedules, but it is a big one!
How should I trim my stems?
First, remove any leaves that will be below the waterline. Leaves in the water will promote bacterial growth, causing the flowers to wilt quickly. Then, cut the very end of the stem off while holding it underwater, using shears for tougher stems and branches.
How do I place an order for delivery?
There are two easy ways to place your order with Belvedere Flowers of Havertown PA:
Order Online: Browse the on-line catalog, and complete the delivery information next to the product you've chosen. Include your desired delivery date, along with a special message for the recipient.
Order by Telephone: Once you have decided upon an arrangement from our online store, simply make a note of the name of the arrangement and call 610-449-3880.
What is the cut-off time for Same Day Delivery?
12:00pm Monday-Thursday, 10:00am Friday and Saturday for delivery to local zip codes.
Can I order flowers to be delivered at a specific time?
On orders received at least 24 hours in advance, we'll be happy to honor requests whenever possible for AM delivery, PM delivery or delivery by a specific afternoon time (I.E. by 3:00 p.m.) Please note, however, that in some cases delivery may not be possible within the specific time constraints requested due to circumstances beyond our control.
Can my flowers be delivered to a hospital or workplace?
Yes, our arrangements are all available for home, hospital or business delivery.
Can I make a special request on my delivery order?
Please call us for all special orders and special modifications to arrangements. Our florists will be happy to assist you! 610-449-3880
Will be arrangement look the same as the photo online?
Because of the nature, seasonality, and regional availability of flowers, it is sometimes necessary to make substitutions of equal or greater value. We will make every effort to maintain the "look and feel" of the arrangement by considering the overall shape, size, style, and color combinations.
Can I request substitutions?
Please call us with any special requests or instructions, and our florists will be happy to assist you!
What if a substitution has to be made on a time crunch?
Due to the importance of delivering orders for special occasions, such as funerals, birthdays, and anniversaries, on specific days, we may substitute items of equal or greater value to ensure timely delivery if the flowers you requested are not available and we're not able to contact you using the information you provided.
Can I give my credit card number over the phone if I prefer?
All of our online transactions use our secure server, which utilizes a secure socket layer to protect your personal information. If you do not wish to transmit your credit card information over the internet, then please call us at 610-449-3880.
Is there a sales tax for online orders?
Every internet order you place with us will be charged a sales and delivery tax of 6%, applied to the amount of the order. This tax rate is based upon the rate our shop is charged, regardless of the destination of your order.
What if I need to cancel my order?
Please call us at the flower shop ASAP: 610-449-3880. Should any customer place an order and then need to cancel the order, the cancellation must be made prior to the delivery of the order. If the cancellation is received after the order is delivered, no refund can be issued. Cancellations will not be accepted if a customer places an order but provides information that prevents direct delivery, such as in the case of a wrong office or home address.
Where is Belvedere Flowers of Havertown PA?
Come visit us at:
28 W Eagle Rd
Havertown PA 19083
When is the flower shop open?
9am-5:30pm, Monday-Friday
9am-2pm Saturday
How do I speak with a florist?
Feel free to call us at 610-449-3880. You can also submit your question or comment to our Contact Us page, and a florist will get back to you right away.
Can't find the answer in our help center?
Contact Us
×
OK
Search
Call Us
Sign in / Register
Shop by Occasion
Categories
Birthday
Best Sellers
Sympathy
Christmas
Thanksgiving
Father's Day
Anniversary
Congratulations
Get Well
Just Because
New Baby
Thank You
Winter
View All Occasions
Best Sellers
Upcoming Occasions
Shop by Style
Categories
TOP SHELF
Baskets/Keepsakes
Buy The Bunch
Modern Cube Vases
Tall Garden Vases
Tropical/Exotic Designs
View All Styles
Best Sellers
Upcoming Occasions
Shop by Flower Type
Categories
Alstromeria
Bird Of Paradise
Calla Lily
Fruit & Gourmet
Gerbera Daisy
Hydrangea
Iris
Orchids
Plants
Snapdragons
Roses
Sunflowers
Tropical Protea
Tulips
View All Types
Best Sellers
Upcoming Occasions
About Us
Our Promise
Contact Us
About Flowers
Caring for your Flowers
Flower Meanings
Plant Care
Help Center
Floral Substitutions
Rave Reviews
Our Policies
Your Privacy
Blog
Belvedere Prom Gallery
Our Delivery Areas