https://www.stayerect.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Premature Ejaculation
Formula
Gel
Bands
Ingredients
FAQ
Have Better Sex With Stay Erect™
If you need Hard Erections that last Stay Erect™ can help you
Increase Sexual Stamina
Increase your Libido
Reviews
Blog
About
Money Back Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Cart
Checkout
My Account
View Order
Change Password
Edit Address
Lost Password
Logout
0 items – $0.00
Home
/
About us
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Stay Erect Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously!
JAG Enterprises has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: https://www.stayerect.com
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To quickly process your transactions.
How to Opt-Out?
You can opt-out of all communications from our company by sending an e-mail to sales@stayerect.com or calling 1 727 394 8869)
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Opting Out
“You can opt-out off all communications from our company by sending an e-mail to sales@stayerect.com or calling (1 727 394 8869)”
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
• By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification
• Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
JAG Enterprises International Inc
Stayerect.com
PO Box 8130
Seminole  Florida 33775
USA
jag1@tampabay.rr.com
Last Edited on 2015-02-11
Orders
Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase products, request information and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer’s contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
All transactions are strictly confidential. We never sell, trade, or rent any information given to us.
Cancellations
In the event of the cancellation of an already shipped order a 25% service/restocking fee will be deducted from the credit issued. Shipping/handling charges are also deducted.
International, Customs
It is impossible for JAG Enterprises International Inc. to know every countries customs and allowable product policies. It is the customer’s responsibility to make sure that any product ordered is allowable for importation into their country. Any order confiscated in customs is the responsibility of the customer and no refunds will be issued.
It is the responsibility of the customer to know their countries policies on importing products. If a product is returned to JAG Enterprises (unopened and undamaged) by customs, we will refund the cost of the product but not the cost of the shipping/handling. There is an additional 20% service/restocking fee.
Customers are responsible for all importation fees, duties, and taxes. If a customer refuses to take delivery of an order and the package is returned to us, we will refund the cost of the product but not the cost of shipping/handling. There is also a 20% service/restocking fee. The product must be unopened, undamaged, and in the original packaging.
JAG Enterprises reserves the right not to ship into a particular country due to custom laws and regulations.
International Shipping
International First Class Mail is the least expensive form of international shipping; however, it is the least reliable. Delivery of the package is not guaranteed. The package is not insured.  There is a tracking number to verify delivery.  If the Postal Service claims that a package was delivered to the correct address, there is no refund.  If the package is “lost in the mail”, there is no refund.
Medical Disclaimer
Please consult your physician if you have preexisting medical conditions or are taking prescribed medications. The statements made in this website are for educational purposes only and are not meant to replace the advice of your physician or health care provider. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Security
Your sensitive information is safe. Our website is protected by a 256 bit encrypted secure server.
No sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, are physically stored on our website. Authorize.net is our payment gateway.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
JAG Enterprises
PO Box 8130
Seminole, Fl. 33775
1-727-394-8869
jag1@tampabay.rr.com
Frequently Asked Questions
New Testimonials
Have Better Sex With Stay Erect™
If you need Hard Erections that last Stay Erect™ can help you
Increase Sexual Stamina
Increase your Libido
Performance Formula
Money Back Guarantee
New Testimonials
Frequently Asked Questions
Have Better Sex With Stay Erect™
If you need Hard Erections that last Stay Erect™ can help you
Increase Sexual Stamina
Increase your Libido
Unique Performance Formula
Money Back Guarantee
Legal Disclaimer Everyone is different and results will vary from person to person. The information on this website is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
The information provided on this site is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding any medical condition.
Products
1MSPF 1Gel 1Band
Rated 5.00 out of 5
$119.85 $67.90
3 Gels + 6 Free Bands
$116.70 $69.85
2 Gels + 3 FREE Bands
$113.70 $54.90
Search
Search for:
Search
Copyright © 2020 — StayErect | The Leading Premature Ejaculation Treatment. All Rights Reserved
Designed by WPZOOM
Translate »