https://www.extremehealthusa.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
About Us
Careers
Web Affiliates
Upcoming Events
Blog
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
Privacy Policy
Returns Policy
Terms of Use
Products
Nuts And Fruits
Organic Superfruits
Premium Health Teas
Value Pack
Shop
Find a Store
LIve Healthy
Goji Berries
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Our Use Of Personal and Non-Personal Information
Non-Personal Information – We collect two kinds of information about our on-line visitors, personal and non-personal information. Visitors are not required to register to access the public pages of the Extreme Health Foods site. Non-personal information is collected to track the total number of guests visiting the site and to guide our efforts to improve the site. The non-personal information we monitor includes the browser type and operating system being used by our visitors; areas of the sites visited; date and time of access; host or service-provider information, and identification of the referring site. This information is used exclusively for our internal purposes to improve your browsing experience and is not disclosed to any non-affiliated third parties except our web developers.
Personal Information – Information that can identify a visitor, such as name and email address is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for purposes that we clearly identified on the site. Personal information acquired through registration for our newsletter or for setting up an account, is kept confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as may be required by law. Extreme Health Foods does not seek personal information from children.
Internet Communication
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. None-the-less, the privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, because the Internet is not a secure medium. Extreme Health Foods or its agents do not assume any responsibility for any harm, loss, or damage you may experience or incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to Extremehealthusa.com.
Consent
By using this site, you signify your consent of this site’s on-line privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy from time to time. Any changes to this privacy policy will be promptly disclosed in this area.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact  us here.
© 2020 Extreme Health Foods
•
(800) 800-1285
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.