http://www.nativeremedies.com/privacy.shtml
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through this website (“Site”) and how that information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy also explains your rights and choices regarding your personal information, how we communicate changes to this Privacy Policy, and how you may contact us regarding questions or issues with respect to anything contained in this Privacy Policy. Certain capitalized terms not defined in this Policy have the meanings set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(“CCPA”).
Silver Star Brands, Inc., doing business as Native Remedies (“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), and its service providers may collect or receive the types of information described below in connection with your access to and use of the Site (together, “Collected Information”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of our Terms of Use.
By accessing or using the Site or by accepting our Terms of Use, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME. ALL CHANGES WILL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO THE SITE. MATERIAL CHANGES WILL BE CONSPICUOUSLY POSTED ON THE SITE OR OTHERWISE COMMUNICATED TO YOU.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We may collect the following categories of Personal Information, which is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“Personal Information” or "Personal Data"):
Identifiers: Identifiers such as: a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address (“IP Address”), email address, or other similar identifiers.
Customer Records: Any of the following types of information: bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, signature, telephone number, and any other financial information.
Commercial Information: Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet Activity. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation Data. Information which can be used to identify your location.
Inferences. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
This Policy does not apply to any Personal Information that is publicly available.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We may collect all categories of Personal Information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, for example, your contact information, payment information, and product reviews.
Information that we collect through your use of the Site, for example, account activity, data collected by the servers used to operate the Site (e.g., IP addresses), data collected by cookies, and data collected by analytics and advertising services.
We will use collected personal information and other Collected Information as described below, including to set up your online account, to process your product orders, and to provide you with information and communications that you request or that we believe are relevant or may be of interest to you, subject to your communications preferences, applicable laws, and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information That You Voluntarily Provide to Us
Contact Information. You can visit and use the Site without voluntarily sharing Personal Information, but you will be required to provide your contact information to register for an online Company account and to use certain other features of the Site. We will collect any Personal Information from or about you that you choose to submit to us, which may include your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and payment information. For example, we collect your Personal Information when you create an online Company account, in connection with your purchase of products on the Site, in receiving and fulfilling information requests, and when you respond to communications from us (e.g., surveys and promotional offers). We will use your Personal Information as described below, including to set up your online Company account, to process your orders of product, and to provide you with information and communications that you request or that we believe are relevant or may be of interest to you, subject in each case to your communications preferences, applicable laws, and the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you provide your mobile or other telephone number to us, you consent to receiving telephone calls (both in-person and from automated dialing systems) from us at that telephone number as described below.
Account Information. To create an online Company account, you will need to submit your name and email address and you may be required to select and answer security questions.
Order & Payment Information. Purchases of products and gift certificates (if available) using the Site must be made by credit or debit card. All credit and debit card information is provided directly to our PCI-compliant third-party payment processors. Company does not directly access, handle, or store your credit or debit card information. To make a purchase on the Site, you will need to submit your name and your credit or debit card type, number, expiration date, security code, and billing address. If you make a purchase using Amazon Payments, you may need to log in to your Amazon account. Amazon may use Personal Information as described in the
Amazon Payments Privacy Notice. If you make a purchase using PayPal, you may need to log in to your PayPal account. PayPal may use Personal Information as described in its  PayPal’s Privacy Policy. We will maintain a record of the purchases you make using the Site.
Rewards Program. To participate in our rewards program you will need to meet any applicable eligibility criteria that apply and you will need to submit your name, physical address, email address, and telephone number.
Information We Collect When You Opt In to Marketing Communications. If you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive promotions or other communications from us, you will need to submit your email address. You may also provide your physical address. We will use this information to provide you with promotional and other electronic and hard copy communications (e.g., catalogs). You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email and you may opt out of receiving hard copy mailings from us by contacting us using the contact information provided below under "Contact Us.". We may use third-party email providers to deliver these communications to you.
User-Generated Content. You are responsible for any comments, data, text, images, video, audio, and other content (e.g., product reviews) that you create, post, transmit, upload, distribute, submit, or otherwise provide using the Site (together, “User-Generated Content”). User-Generated Content you provide is posted on the Site at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that User-Generated Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. You understand that any User-Generated Content you provide will be publicly available via the Site. You understand that, even after removal, copies of User-Generated Content that you have provided may remain viewable in cached and archived pages and may have been copied or stored by Internet archives and other Site users.
Categories of Information that We Collect Through Your Use of the Site
IP Addresses, Location Data, and Related Data. When you visit or use the Site, we may automatically collect certain information from your device. Under certain applicable laws,
including countries in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the State of California, this information may be considered Personal Information
or Personal Data under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the servers used to operate and provide the Site may collect data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Site, including Internet protocol (“IP”) addresses assigned to the computers and other devices from where you access the Internet, your Internet service provider (ISP), your device ID number, your approximate geographic location, your browser type, the pages you access on the Site, the websites you access before and after visiting the Site, the length of time you spend on the Site, date and time stamps, and clickstream data. Company may use this information to administer the Site and its servers, to generate statistical information, to monitor and analyze Site traffic and usage patterns, to serve personalized advertising, to monitor and prevent fraud, to investigate complaints and violations of our policies, and to improve the Site’s content and the products, services, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Site. We may combine this information with other Personal Information
and information obtained from third parties for the purposes discussed below. The suppliers that we use to provide the Site may collect information about your visits to the Site and other websites. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies as explained further below under “Cookies.”
Cookies. The Site may automatically use cookies to track your use of the Site in order to facilitate and enhance the user experience on the Site and for other purposes as described below. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored on your device’s hard drive by your browser. The Site may use both cookies that we implement and cookies implemented by our suppliers and other third parties. We use cookies to track how you access and use the Site, to learn when and how users visit the Site, to learn the popularity of Site pages, to learn which search terms are used to find the Site, and to learn which websites direct you to the Site. We also use cookies to help display certain information on the Site and to improve your enjoyment of the Site, for example, by remembering your contact and other information when you access or use the Site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can disable this function, but disabling cookies may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. Our Site suppliers may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as pixel tags, to track Site visitors across the Internet to understand how you get to the Site. We do not have access or control over these cookies and other tracking technologies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies. Our
use of these technologies fall into the following categories:
Operationally necessary. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. For example, these cookies are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, and improve security. They also allow users of the Site to make use of its functions, for example, shopping carts, saved search, and similar functions. Without these cookies, Sites that you have requested cannot be provided.
Functionality related. These cookies allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Site. This may include remembering choices you make, remembering your username, preferences, or settings, remembering if you reacted to something on or through the Site so that you are not asked to do it again, remembering if you have used any feature of the Site before, restricting the number of times you are shown a particular advertisement, remembering your location, and enabling social media components. As described above, you may disable functional cookies, but if you do so then various functions of the Site may be unavailable to you or may not work the way you want them to.
Performance related. These cookies assess the performance of the Site, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use and interact with the Site, for example, which pages on our website users visit most often. These cookies also enable us to personalize content and remember your preferences (e.g., your choice of language, country, or region). These cookies help us improve the way our websites work and provide a better, personalized user experience. Some of our performance-related cookies are managed for us by third parties.
Advertising or targeted related. These cookies record your visits to the Site, the pages you have visited on our websites, and the links you have clicked. They are used to gather information about your browsing habits and remember that you have visited a particular website. Company and its third-party advertising platforms or networks may use this information to make the Site, its content, and advertisements displayed on our websites more relevant to your interests (this is sometimes called “behavioral” or “targeted” advertising and is further discussed below). These types of cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. To find out more about interest-based ads and your choices, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Network Advertising Initiative, the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Europe, http://www.allaboutcookies.org, and http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Analytics. The Site uses third-party analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics, provided by Google Inc.) to collect and process data (including Personal Information) about your use of the Site, including when you visit the Site, URLs of the websites that you visit prior to visiting the Site and when you visit those websites, and IP addresses assigned to the devices from where you access the Internet. Our analytics providers may set and read cookies to collect this data and your web browser will automatically send data collected by those cookies to our analytics providers. Our analytics providers use this data to provide us with reports that we will use to improve the Site’s structure and content. For more information on how Google uses collected data, visit Google’s Privacy Policy and Google’s page on "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps". To prevent this data from being used by Google Analytics, follow the instructions to download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for each web browser you use. Using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on will not prevent Company from using other analytics tools and will not prevent data from being sent to the Site itself or to Google. For more information about how Google Analytics uses cookies to measure user interactions on websites, visit Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites. You may disable cookies as discussed above, but that may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site.
Advertising Networks, Personalized Advertising, Remarketing, and Retargeting. From time to time the Site may use or participate in advertising networks and related advertising services that are managed and provided by third-party advertising servers, advertising agencies, technology vendors, and research firms, including, as discussed below, Google AdWords. These services collect information about your visits to and interactions with the Site and other websites and will use that information to target advertisements for goods and services. The information collected may be associated with your Personal Information. These targeted advertisements may appear on the Site or on other websites. Advertising networks often gather data about consumers who view advertisements to make inferences about a consumer’s interests and preferences, which enables their computers to deliver advertisements directly targeted to the consumer’s specific interests. This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising.” For example, a third-party advertising network might collect the type of Internet browser you use, the type of computer operating system you use, the domain name of a website you visit, whether or not you visit specific pages of the Site and other websites, the location of your Internet service provider, the date and time of a visit to a website, and other interactions between you and a website.
We use Google AdWords, an online advertising service provided by Google, to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Site. Google uses your Internet searches, cookies, and similar identifiers (e.g., pixel tags) to collect information about your visits to the Site and your interaction with our products and services to generate targeted advertisements to you on other websites that you visit across the Internet. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google, to customize your ad preferences, or to limit Google’s collection or use this information, visit Google’s Safety Center and Google’s Ad Settings and follow Google’s personalized ad opt-out instructions. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.
To change your preferences with respect to certain online ads and to obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising, please visit the National Advertising Initiative Consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program. Please remember that changing your settings with individual browsers or ad networks will not necessarily carry over to other browsers or ad networks. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from time to time.
Single Sign-On. You may sign up for and log into your account on the Site using your Amazon.com account by providing your Amazon log-in information on the Site when prompted. If you choose to use this feature, Company may access, handle, and store any content and other information that you have provided through Amazon and make that information available on the Site. This feature may require us to implement cookies, plug-ins, and application protocol interfaces (APIs) provided by Amazon to facilitate those communications and features. We do not and cannot control any policies or terms of any third-party service, including those of Amazon. All information you have provided to Amazon is subject to the  Amazon Privacy Notice.
Social Media. The Site may allow you to connect to and share information with various social media platforms, for example, Facebook. These features may require us to implement cookies, plug-ins, and application protocol interfaces (APIs) provided by those social media platforms to facilitate those communications and features. We may share information that you provide us or that we may collect about your use of the Site with those platforms and that information will be subject to their privacy policies. We encourage you to review those platforms’ privacy policies: see Facebook’s Data Policy. In addition, by choosing to use any third-party social media platform or choosing to share content or communications with any social media platform, you allow us to share information with the designated social media platform. We cannot control any policies or terms of such third party platform. As a result, we cannot be responsible for any use of your information or content by a third party platform, which you use at your own risk.
The Site may also use the advertising services and networks offered by those social media platforms to deliver advertising content. Use of these services requires social media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you while you are logged into the platform.
If you do not wish a social media platform to collect information relating to you via the Site, we suggest that you: (a) hide social media platform plug-ins using an ad blocker; (b) always log off completely from the social media platform before visiting other websites and delete all related cookies; and, (c) where the option made available by the social media platform, disable the advertising services and networks operated by that platform.
The Company is active on social media, including Facebook. You have the opportunity to comment on those social media platforms regarding the Company and the products and services we offer. Company reserves the right to post on its websites and social media pages any comments or content that you post on our social media pages.
Embedded Content. The Site may incorporate content, including feeds scripts embedded in the Site’s code and visible content (for example, videos), provided by third parties. In some cases, those third parties collect data about how you interact with their content. For example, YouTube may collect or otherwise have access to usage data on videos embedded on the Site as described in YouTube’s Privacy Policy.
Purpose for Collecting Personal Information
How We Use and Share Collected Information
In addition to the uses described above, Company and its third party service providers may use and disclose Personal Information as described below. We do not use, sell, rent, or disclose Personal Information except as stated in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable law. This Privacy Policy describes some specific ways that we share your Personal Information.
Purpose Collected. We will use and share your Personal Information for the purpose for which it was collected, for example, to process your orders for products, in connection with your account and payment, and to provide you with information and communications that you request. If you place an order through the Site, we will use Personal Information to communicate with you regarding your order. In accordance with your preferences, your location information will be used to add location information to your account, if applicable, and to understand where our users are located. If you contact us for support or assistance in using the Site, we may use Personal Information to determine whether or not your system meets the minimum requirements needed to access and use the Site and otherwise to contact you regarding your request.
Communication with You. When you contact our customer service department we may ask you to provide or confirm Personal Information so that we can better serve you. We may use Personal Information to notify you of changes made to the Site (for example, changes to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy) and, if you sign up or otherwise opt in to receive communications from us, to send you promotional materials and other communications as described above. If you provide us with your telephone number, we may call you at that telephone number in response to your orders, questions, or comments or for customer service purposes. If you register for an account on the Site, we will use Personal Information to communicate with you regarding your account. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the applicable email or by contacting us using the contact information provided below under “Contact Us.”
Sharing Personal Information with Our Service Providers. We may share Personal Information with our Site management and hosting suppliers, payment processors, marketing and public relations service providers, email service suppliers, and other suppliers as necessary for us to provide the Site and our products and services to you, to engage in the use and sharing of Personal Information as permitted by this Privacy Policy, and as may be otherwise permitted by applicable law. Our service providers are authorized to and may use and disclose Personal Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us and as provided by their own privacy policies as noted above.
Sharing Personal Information with Our Brand Partners. We may share Personal Information with our Site management and hosting service providers, payment processors, marketing and public relations service providers, email service providers, and other service providers as necessary for us to provide the Site and our products and services to you, to engage in the use and sharing of Personal Information as permitted by this Privacy Policy, and as may be otherwise permitted by applicable law. Our service providers
are authorized to and may use and disclose Personal Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us and as provided by their own privacy policies as noted above.
Sharing Personal Information with Other Third Parties. We may share, rent, license, or sell Personal Information with third parties who have or offer products or services we think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving communications from any such third party pursuant to such third party’s policies. We do not control any third party or their policies.
aggregate data. We may aggregate Personal Information to create aggregate data on Site users, which describes users as a group but does not reveal the identity of individual users. We may use aggregate data to understand Site users’ needs, to determine Site user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products, our services, and the Site.
Evaluation and Improvement of the Site. We may use Personal Information: to analyze, develop, and improve the content, materials, products, and services that we make available through the Site and the Site’s functionality; to inform marketing and communication plans and strategies; to evaluate user needs and customize Site content, promotional emails, and your browsing experience; and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
To Protect Company and Others. We may share your Personal Information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, and other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: (a) to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process; (b) to perform credit checks, report or collect debts owed; (c) to protect the rights and property of Company, its agents and customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms and to protect our network and physical assets; and (d) to protect the safety of our employees, agents, and customers, and any other person.
Business Transactions. We may choose to buy or sell assets from time to time. We may share Personal Information in connection with the evaluation of those transactions. We may transfer Personal Information if we enter into those transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control or reorganization, Personal Information and Aggregate Data could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
With Your Consent. With your consent, we may share your Personal Information in ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
International Transfers of Your Personal Information
In operating the Site, your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. Those countries may have data protection laws that are different from those of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. Specifically, our Site servers and some of our service providers are located in the United States and our affiliated companies and third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information we may process it in other countries. Company has, however, taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information Security
Company does not guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of Personal Information will not occur, but we take appropriate technical and organizational security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of Personal Information under our control. Specifically, on our shopping cart and payment pages, Secure Socket Layers technology is used to encrypt information passed between your browser and our systems. While we are focused on the security of your Personal Information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your Personal Information, you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats, viruses and intrusions from others and so we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances.
If you become aware of any breach of Site security or this Privacy Policy, please notify us immediately. If our security system is breached, we will notify you of the breach only if and to the extent required under applicable law.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (e.g., tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if that is not possible (e.g., because your Personal Information has been stored in back-up archives), we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
For Personal Information that we process on behalf of our customers, we will retain that Personal Information in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them, subject to applicable law.
Opt-Out of Marketing Communications
You may opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt out of other forms of marketing, such as postal marketing or telemarketing, if applicable, then please contact us using the contact information provided below under “Contact Us.”
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed For a Business Purpose
In the last 12 months we shared the following categories of Personal Information for our Business Purposes: Identifiers, Customer Records, Commercial Information, Internet Activity, Geolocation Data and Inferences. See the section above titled “Categories of Personal Information We Collect” for more detail on the type of Personal Information in each category.
Under the CCPA, a "Business Purpose" means the use of Personal Information for use of a Company or its service provider’s operational purposes.
Examples include auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, protecting/detecting security incidents, and performing services including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of thebusiness or service provider.
Sale of Categories of Personal Information
In the last 12 months, the Company has provided certain categories of Personal Information for Sale, as defined under California law. Under the CCPA, a "Sale" means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing or by electronic or other means a consumers Personal Information to another business or a third party for monetary consideration or other valuable consideration. We may have sold the following categories of Personal Information over the past 12 months:
identifiers, Customer Records, Commercial Information, Internet Activity, Geolocation Data or Inferences.
Access by Children
The Site is not directed at children under 16 years of age. Company does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 16 through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us through the Site, please contact us at privacy@nativeremedies.com and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Third-Party Websites
The Site may link to, or be linked to, websites not maintained or controlled by Company. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third parties or any third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites or to any personal or other information that you may provide to third parties. You should read the privacy policy for each website that you visit.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, contact us by email at privacy@nativeremedies.com, or by mail at 250 City Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 54906.
FOR INDIVIDUALS RESIDING IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA )
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using Personal Data will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so; (b) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you (e.g., to deliver products or services you have requested); or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and will advise you whether or not the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory, as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data. Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our or a third party’s legitimate interests that are not already described in this Privacy Policy, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please contact us using the contact details provided further below provided below under “Contact Us.”
Your Data Protection Rights
You have the following data protection rights if you are a resident of the EEA:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Data, you can do so at any time by visiting your Company account or contacting us at privacy@nativeremedies.com.
You can object to the processing of your Personal Data, you can ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data, and you can request portability of your Personal Data. You can exercise these rights by visiting your Company account or contacting us at privacy@nativeremedies.com
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data.
For more information please contact your local data protection authority.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), California residents have additional rights with regard to their Personal Information.
The right to know and the right to request deletion are subject to certain exceptions and subject to our ability to verify your identity. We have provided a summary of those rights below:
Right to Know. You have a right to access any of the following information for the 12-month period prior to the date of your request: (a) the categories of Personal Information we collected from you, (b) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, (c) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Information, (d) the categories of third parties with whom we shared your Personal Information, (e) the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected from you (i.e. “data portability”), and (f) a list of categories of Personal Information which were subject to a Sale
or disclosed for a Business Purpose in the last 12 months. This request may be made no more than twice in a 12-month period.
Right to Request Deletion. You have a right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you. We will comply with such request, and direct our service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions permitted by applicable law.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties. You have the right to direct us not to sell your Personal Information at any time. You may submit your opt-out request following the process described below.
Right to Non-Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA by charging you different pricing or providing a different quality of products.
How to Exercise Your Rights Under CCPA
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, you may submit a request to us by contacting us at any of the following:
By email to privacy@nativeremedies.com
Write us at Native Remedies, 250 City Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 54906.
Please include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line of any email request or in your letter. Please include your name, email address, and mailing address in any request.
We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above.
Who May Exercise Your Rights. You may only make a request to exercise your rights on behalf of yourself. A parent or legal guardian may make a request on behalf of their child. If you are a California resident, only you or a person you authorize to act on your behalf may make a request related to your Personal Information.
Authorized Agents. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA by doing the following: (1) provide the authorized agent written permission to do so; and (2) verify your own identity (per the process stated above), as well as the identity of the authorized agent directly. We may deny a request from an authorized agent if we do not have proof that they are authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Verifiable Consumer Request. In order to verify your request, you must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information. You must describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
When and How Will We Respond. We will try to respond to your request within 45 days. If we require additional time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information to you. We may charge a fee to process or respond to your request if it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
How to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
You may submit your opt-out request by following this link: https://www.nativeremedies.com/contact-us-form.html.
To opt-out online, please send us an e-mail to: privacy@nativeremedies.com, or send a mail request
to Native Remedies, 250 City Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 54906. However, if you opt-out of a "Sale" of your Personal Information, ads you view may not be as tailored to your Interests.
California’s “Do-Not-Track” Requirement
We currently do not honor “do not track” requests.
Shine the Light. Silver Star Brands does not share Personal Information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes absent your consent. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with Shine the Light by contacting us by email privacy@nativeremedies.com or by sending a letter to Native Remedies 250 City Center, Oshkosh, Wisconsin 54906. Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year pursuant to this provision, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address.
How Can We Help?
Ask Our Experts
Contact Customer Service
Please wait...