http://www.slipcovershop.com/content/privacy
Create Account
My Account
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Live Chat
Home /
Custom Slipcovers /
VIEW ALL CUSTOM GROUPS
Custom Furniture Covers
Custom Furniture Covers
Armless & Sectional Covers
Armless & Sectional Covers
Custom Ottoman Covers
Custom Ottoman Covers
Dining Chair Covers
Custom Dining Chair Covers
Cushion Covers /
Zippered Cushion Covers
Zippered Cushion Covers
Elasticized Cushion Covers
Elasticized Cushion Covers
Pillow Covers
Custom Pillow Covers
Ready-Made Covers /
PRODUCT LINE
Furniture Slipcovers
Furniture Slipcovers
Dining Chair Slipcovers
Dining Chair Slipcovers
Recliner & Wing Chair Covers
Recliner & Wing Chair Covers
Futon Covers /
View Category:
Futon Covers
Futon Covers
Skirted Futon Covers
Skirted Futon Covers
Readymade Bolsters and Pillows
Readymade Bolsters and Pillows
Bedding /
Fitted Mattress Covers
Fitted Mattress Covers
Daybed Covers
Daybed Covers
Bed Covers
Bed Covers
Arm Covers /
Ottoman Covers /
Coverlets /
Arm Cover Protectors
Arm Cover Protectors
Hemmed Fabric
Hemmed Fabric
Back Splash
Back Splash
Head Rests
Head Rests
Seat Caps
Seat Caps
Fabric /
For Pets. /
Help /
Ready- Mades Sizing Charts
Slipcover FAQ
General Help
Before & After
Fitting Instructions
Blog
Proudly
MADE in USA
Readymade Slipcovers
in STOCK
/
Futon Covers
and
Bedding in
STOCK   /
Custom Slipcovers
in ONE WEEK
/
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Processing
Credit Card Processing
All orders placed on our website are NOT charged in real time. Orders are charged Only when appropriate criteria is met, such as: correct billing information, availability of product on hand, etc.
The receipt of an order number or an email order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell. We reserve the right, without prior notification, to limit the order quantity on any item and/or to refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order. Prices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted).
Privacy
We value our customers and respect your privacy. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what Personal Information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct the information. This policy applies only to customers in the United States.
For purposes of this policy, “Personal Information” means any information by which you can be personally identified, and includes your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the like. Most of our websites do not require that you submit Personal Information to us.
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product or register to participate in contests, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, etc., and if you make a purchase, we may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
In addition, our web servers may automatically recognize information regarding your domain name (or that of your access provider) and e-mail address, and we may use this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.?
What kind of information you provide
•  for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to complete a product purchase, to enter a contest, to answer an e-mail, etc.)
•  to improve the content, appearance and utility of our websites;
•  to track our visitors’ use of our websites for internal market research; and
•  to notify our visitors of updates to the websites or of new products or services.
From time to time, we may contract with companies or persons, whose privacy practices are consistent with ours, to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We may provide these providers with the information needed for them to perform these services.
In addition, we may use third-party advertising companies to serve or track ads on our website and other websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information.?
Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You
To edit or update your Personal Information or if you prefer not to receive information from us, please let us know by contacting us by email or postal mail at the addresses below. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive.
All information gathered by us through your order is kept strictly confidential and will not be distributed to any company or individual EVER. The information will be used only to make sure that your order gets delivered to you in the timeliest manner possible.
Payment options
There are four ways you can pay for your order.
•  Order Online, it’s safe. All online order are processed and secured by VeriSign®
•  We accept Visa, MC, Discover, American Express, Checks*
•  Order by Phone, you can also call us at 888-405-4758
•  Order by Fax, Please print your shopping cart and fax to 718-478-1049.
•  Order by Mail, Please print your shopping cart and send it with your payment to the on a form.
Be sure to include a daytime phone number and email address (if you have one)
so that we, along with the shipping company, can contact you with any questions
we might have. Once your payment is cleared, we will ship your order in timely manner.
*To protect against fraud, any orders paid for with a personal check, money order, or cashiers check
will remain on hold for a number of days to allow for the check to clear. Orders placed with credit
cards will be processed immediately.
Confirmation
Are you sure want to Finish Order?
×
Session Alert!
Your session will expire at:
12/11/2020 3:02:24 AM
Continue Session
Discontinue Session
Loading...