https://www.rockvillerecords.com/privacy-policy/
This page informs you of the terms of use on which you may make use of
our website which includes www.rockvillerecords.com, whether as a guest
or a registered user/client.
Please attentively read these terms of use
before you start to use our website. By using our website, you indicate
that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our
website.
Information about us This website is operated by Rockville Records and we trade under the
same identity. We are registered in England and Wales and have our registered office at
Rockville Records, 11 Chavenage, Kingswood, Bristol, BS15 4 LA, UK Variations You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of
any changes we make, as in using our website you are deemed to have
accepted the current terms and conditions at the time. Some of the
provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by
provisions or notices published elsewhere on our website.
Accessing our website Access to our website is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve
the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our website
without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our
website is unavailable at any time or for any period. We may restrict access to some parts of our website, or the entirety of
website from time to time. When using our website you must comply with the provision of our
acceptable use policy. You are responsible for ensuring that all persons
who access our website through your internet connection are aware of
these terms and that they comply with them. Intellectual property rights Rockville Records are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual
property rights in our website along with the material published on it.
Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties. All rights are
reserved. You must not print off, copy, or in any way download extracts from our
website. You must not use any part of the materials on our website for commercial
purposes without obtaining a licence or permission to do so from
Rockville Records. Along with content, such materials include any
illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics. If you do not comply with the above you are in breach of our terms of
use and we are within our rights to take legal action. You further agree
to destroy all copied material with immediate effect. Dependence on information Commentary, blog posts and news articles along with any other materials
posted on our website are not on which all dependence should be placed.
No liability arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any
visitor to our website will fall on Rockville Records. Website Changes We endeavour to update our website regularly and, as this is the case,
content may change at any time. In extraordinary circumstances, we may
suspend access to our website. Any of the material on our website may be
out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update
such material.
Our liability All material displayed on our website is provided without any guarantees
or conditions as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we
and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude: All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be
implied by statute, common law or the law of equity. Any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any
user in connection with our website or in connection with the use,
inability to use, or results of the use of our website, any website
linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without
limitation any liability for: loss of income or revenue loss of business
loss of profits or contracts loss of anticipated savings loss of data
loss of goodwill wasted management or office time any other loss or
damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort
(including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if
foreseeable.
Information about you We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.
By using our website, you consent to such processing and you warrant
that all data provided by you is accurate. Uploading material to our website Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to
our website, or to make contact with other users of our website, you
must comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use
policy. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those
standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. We have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is
claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to any our website
constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of
their right to privacy. We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the
content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of
our website. We have the right to remove any material or posting you
make on any website if, in our opinion, such material does not comply
with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
Viruses, hacking and other offences You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing viruses,
trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or
technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised
access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any
server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not
attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed
denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under
the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the
relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those
authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a
breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed
denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful
material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs,
data or other proprietary material due to your use of our website or to
your downloading of any material posted on them, or on any website
linked to them. Linking to our website You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair
and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it,
but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form
of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. Our website must not be framed on any other website, nor may you create a
link to any part of our website other than the home page. We reserve
the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website
from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content
standards set out in our acceptable use policy. If you wish to make any use of material on our website other than that
set out above, please address your request to info@rockvillerecords.com
Third Parties Our website contain links to other sites and resources provided by third
parties, these links are provided for your information only. Rockville
Records has no control over the contents of those sites or resources,
and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that
may arise from your use of them. Variations You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of
any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions
contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or
notices published elsewhere on our website.
Privacy Policy This policy sets out how Rockville Records uses and protects any
information that you give us. Rockville Records is committed to ensuring that your privacy is
protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you
can be identified, then it will only be used in accordance with this
policy. Information We Collect
We may collect the following information: Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address and telephone number); username and password when you register on our Sites; payment information (such as payment card number, expiration date, authorization number or security code); information you provide about friends or other people you would like us to contact; and other information you may provide to us, such as in surveys or through the “Contact Us” feature on our Sites.
How We Use The Information We Collect We require this information to understand your needs and provide you
with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: internal record keeping we may use the information to improve our products and services we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special
offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for
market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or
mail. We regard any personal information provided by you to us as your
personal data and shall use best endeavours to ensure it is secure,
accurate and up to date. We wish you to have full control over its
content so you can update your contact details (name, address, telephone
number, email address etc) whenever they change. In addition for employees we use the information described above to
perform the following activities: creating and managing online accounts; processing payments; managing our client and vendor relationships; sending promotional materials, alerts regarding available positions and
other communications; communicating about, and administering participation in, special events,
promotions, programs, offers, surveys, contests and market research; responding to individuals’ inquiries; operating, evaluating and improving our business; protecting against, identifying and seeking to prevent fraud and other
unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities; and complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant
industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies. Personal information held by us may be used and provided to clients and
any parties which are required by contract or law to have access to such
data. It will be retained for as long as any contract or legal
requirements require it to be stored by us. Where it is no longer
required it will be deleted from our systems.
How We Protect Personal Information We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order
to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This
helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in
order to tailor it to customer needs. Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However,
once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that
we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot
be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which
you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed
by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the
privacy statement applicable to the website in question. You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal
information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the
box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information
to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for
direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by
writing to or emailing us at info@rockvillerecords.com We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional
information about third parties which we think you may find interesting
if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of
personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection
Act. Updates To Our Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy (including any addenda) may be updated periodically
to reflect changes in our personal information practices. For
significant changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice on
our Sites indicating at the top of the Policy when it was most recently
updated.
How To Contact Us If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect
or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will
promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, would
like to exercise your rights or would like us to update information we
have about you or your preferences, please write to:
Rockville Records 11 Chavenage Kingswood Bristol BS15 4LA UK
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy