https://www.babybuds.com.au/terms-and-conditions#privacy-policy
Call Us Today!Delivery Australia wide!
1300 222 928
Mon - Fri: 7am - 6pmSat: 8am - 12pm
Delivery Australia wide.Delivery Australia wide!
By Occasion
Specials
Baby Shower
Hampers
Baskets
Clothes
Baby Gifts
Bouquets
Gift Boxes
By Price
Under 90
Over 90
All Products
Please read the following Terms and Conditions carefully.
Any user of this website is bound by the following terms and conditions which can be altered at the discretion of Baby Buds at any time.Note: If you are under the age of 18, you must use this website with the guidance of a responsible adult.Some products sold by Baby Buds contain alcohol. You must be at least 18 years of age to place an order containing alcohol and the intended recipient must also be at least 18 to accept delivery.
Covid-19 Policies and Procedures
As the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to develop, the team at Baby Buds is adapting and introducing additional health and safety protocols to take care of our team, valued customers and lucky recipients.
These recommendations have been implemented with regards to suggestions made by the World Health Organisation and Australian Government bodies, including but not limited to:
Delivery drivers have been given 'authority to leave' for all deliveries, and will leave gifts in a safe spot if available
Delivery drivers will still contact the recipient on delivery by knocking on the door or providing their name at reception
Delivery drivers are regularly sanitising hands during delivery runs
Additional workspace cleaning and staff hygiene practices across all of our team
Expanding physical space between all of our team, as well as our floral and office workstations
Ceasing staff movements between all of our locations
Mandatory self-isolation periods for all staff returning from overseas travel
We're committed to ensuring we continue to deliver our special gifts to our customers!
Ownership and trademarks
Baby Buds (TM) is a trademark licensed to Baby Buds Pty Ltd, which has registered business premises at Level 4, 303 Coronation Drive, Milton, Queensland, Australia. Baby Buds is an Australian owned and operated company.
Privacy
Baby Buds respects the privacy of users of our website. Our privacy policy is available at Privacy Policy and forms a part of these Terms and Conditions.
Feedback
Baby Buds welcomes all forms of feedback regarding our product, services, website and any other part of our company. Please be aware that any feedback you provide is not considered to be confidential and will become the property of Baby Buds to use at their liberty.
Ordering products and services
You must have a valid credit card that you have full authority to use or transact using PayPal, to place an order with Baby Buds. You may place an order through the website or via our call centre by phoning 1300 BABY BUDS (1300 222 928). Once your order has been processed you will receive a tax invoice or order confirmation that contains your order details to your email address.
Pricing
All prices quoted on this website are in Australian dollars (AUD), inclusive of Goods and Services Tax (GST).
Colours and availability
If specific product components become temporarily unavailable, other components of greater or equal value may be substituted to facilitate delivery of your order on time.
Promotions
Please read the specific conditions that are associated with each promotion, discount or offer that is connected to Baby Buds.
Delivery
Baby Buds delivers nationally in Australia for a delivery fee of $19.95. We guarantee that your product will be delivered on the requested day by 5pm.
Delivery timeframes vary depending on where you are sending your order. The approximate number of delivery days required to specific areas are outlined in the following table:
NSW
ACT
QLD
VIC
SA
TAS
WA
NT
Capital City
1
2
1
2
3
4
7
8
Urban
2
3
2
2
3
4
7
8
Regional
3
3
3
3
4
4
9
10
These time frames do not include public holidays. Deliveries to regional and remote areas (e.g. rural properties) may take additional time to arrive at their destination. We are unable to deliver on Saturday and Sunday. Orders received after 2pm on Friday will be shipped on Monday.
Baby Buds will endeavour to deliver the product on the specified delivery day, however, will not be responsible for delays that are beyond the control of Baby Buds. This may include but is not limited to:- The recipient address provided is incorrect,- The contact number provided on the order is incorrect,- The recipient is not present at the delivery address.Items that contain alcohol cannot be left at a delivery location if a person over the age of 18 is unavailable to receive the order (e.g. The order cannot be left at the front door if nobody is home).
Delivery of orders to rural route addresses or secured buildings cannot be guaranteed.
Order cancellation and variation policy
Any variations or cancellations to orders will require at least two business days' notice by contacting our team on 1300 BABY BUDS (1300 222 928).  Variations or cancellations to orders with a shipping time of two or more days cannot be guaranteed.  Orders cancelled after the two business days notice period cannot be refunded. Once your order is cancelled, the amount of your order will be refunded to your credit card.
Severability
If anything in these Terms and Conditions is deemed unenforceable, illegal or void then it is severed and the rest of the Terms and Conditions remain in force.
Contact us
Please do not hesitate to call us on 1300 BABY BUDS (1300 222 928) for any enquiries or to place an order.
Email Communications
Baby Buds emails are sent in compliance with the SPAM Act of 2003. We take this law seriously and make every effort to comply with all subscriber requests.
To be removed from a mailing list, click the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email communication, or email customer service and request to be removed from our marketing list.
We will promptly remove you from email communications.
Privacy policy
Protecting your privacy
Baby Buds Pty Ltd ACN 150 216 318 (collectively, Baby Buds, we, us, our) is committed to protecting your privacy.  This policy outlines how we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information and your rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you.
By providing Baby Buds with your personal information, you consent to the collection, storage, use and transfer of your personal information as provided for in this Privacy Policy and to enable us to provide our products and services.  By continuing to use this website or deal with us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and any changes made to the policy from time to time.
What personal information does Baby Buds collect?
Personal information means information or any opinion, whether true or not, and whether written down or in a material form or not, about an individual who is identifiable.  Certain personal information may be required by Baby Buds in order to provide our products or services, such as:
the full name and address of you and recipient, e-mail address, billing address, contact phone numbers
the delivery location (such as the name of the recipient’s work, business or hospital room);
information about transactions ( such as order dates, order amounts and payment information such as credit card details);
information provided in communications between you and us (such as messages to be written on personal cards); and
information collected to establish your identity (such as name, address, previous order history).
If you provide us with sensitive personal information about yourself, the recipient or any other person, for example, in the form of a message on a greeting card, you will be taken as having consented to us holding and using that information for the purposes of conducting our business and providing our products and services.  This includes providing order details, delivery address and message information to florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services.
Collection and use of information
Baby Buds collects personal information for the purpose of conducting our business and providing our products and services.  We may collect personal information to allow us to:
enable you to order products from our website;
provide details to florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services;
process your inquiries and improve our products and services;
respond to your requests, customise future ordering for you and communicate with you;
design, price and develop existing and new products and services;
improve our product offerings and customer service, to personalise the website for your shopping experience and to let you know of any new offers or discounts;
promote and advertise our products and services to you and advise you of additional products or services which may be of interest to you.  Our promotion and advertising may include emails, SMS or text message reminders from us for Valentine’s Day, Mother’s Day and anniversaries; and
communicate with you regarding changes to the Baby Buds website or any of our products and services;
provide support services to you and maintain and update our business infrastructure and systems.
You can choose not to provide Baby Buds with the information requested.  However, if Baby Buds cannot collect the personal information, particularly information requested in mandatory fields marked with an asterisk (*), we may not be able to provide you with the products, services or assistance you have requested (including processing and delivering your order) and you may not be able to take advantage of the products we have on offer.
If you communicate with us, such as by telephone or email, regarding products, services or offers available with one of the companies affiliated with Baby Buds, and you then ask us to place an order on your behalf with one of those affiliated companies, you consent to Baby Buds providing your personal information to that affiliated company.  Your personal information will then be used by that company in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
If you no longer wish to receive any marketing material from us, please unsubscribe from those services using the link included with the marketing material, or by opting out via return email, SMS or text message stating “unsubscribe”.  Alternatively, you may contact our Customer Service on customerservice@babybuds.com.au or our Privacy Officer on privacy@babybuds.com.au
How is information collected?
Baby Buds collects information when you use our website or communicate with us, such as by telephone, email, SMS or text message.  This includes information you provide when placing an order with us or making an enquiry on our website.
Baby Buds also collects information about your internet usage (for example, by way of ‘cookies’) including the products and services that are of interest to you, other websites that you access or connect with from our website and your internet protocol (IP) address.  A 'cookie' keeps track of the information you provide for example, the products in your shopping cart.  Baby Buds uses cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer and to provide you with certain customised features.  The majority of web browsers automatically accept cookies and most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. You will need to modify your current settings for 'cookies' in the Options menu of your browser, in order to view the Baby Buds website.
Disclosure and storage of information
Unless required by law, by Court order or we are required to investigate suspected fraud or other unlawful activity, the personal information collected by Baby Buds will only be disclosed to or seen and used by people working in Baby Buds or for us, unless you have authorised us to do otherwise.  People that work for Baby Buds include contracted staff in our call centre, florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services.  Baby Buds does not sell or receive payments or services for disclosing customer's personal information to any external company.
We keep your personal information if required for the purpose of conducting our business, to help us deal with your enquiries or requests in the future, or if we are required to keep the personal information by law or for governance purposes.
Baby Buds takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorised access.  We hold personal information in electronic and hardcopy form.  We store electronic information on our own system and through third party data storage providers.  Our third party storage providers, including overseas storage providers, are required to protect personal information against unauthorised access or misuse.  We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect your financial transaction and credit card details.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you about any changes to this Privacy Policy by uploading an updated version on the Baby Buds website.  You should review our Privacy Policy when visit our site or provide us with personal information.
Who can you contact regarding a privacy complaint?
If you have any concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or your personal information, you may contact our Privacy Officer on privacy@babybuds.com.au or the contact details set out below.  If you are unhappy with our response or have further concerns about how we handle your personal information, you may also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by visiting www.oaic.gov.au or by phone (1300 363 992) or email enquiries@oaic.gov.au.
How can you access your personal information?
Subject to any legal restrictions on us, we are happy to inform you of what personal information we hold about you and how we manage your personal information if you request this.  For more information, including for a copy of our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer by:
Email: privacy@babybuds.com.au
Telephone: 1300 222 928
Post: Baby Buds Pty Ltd, PO Box 1943, Milton QLD 4064.
If you believe there are errors in our records about you, please contact our Privacy Officer on privacy@babybuds.com.au and we will be happy to investigate and correct any inaccuracies.
Click to call 1300 222 928