http://www.skylinecityprints.com/privacy_policy.php
INK AND WATERCOLOR PANORAMIC CITY SKYLINE PRINTSHOME TO THE ART OF STEVE SLASKE
Home
City SkylinesCity Skylines
City Skylines
Atlanta, GA
Austin, TX
Baltimore, MD
Boston, MA
Chicago, IL
Cincinnati, OH
Cleveland, OH
Columbus, OH
Dallas, TX
Des Moines, IA
Detroit, MI
Evanston, IL
Florence, Italy
Holy Hill, WI
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Kansas City, MO
Lisbon, Portugal
London, England
Los Angeles, CA
Madison, WI
Miami, FL
Michigan, MI
Milwaukee, WI
Minneapolis, MN
Nashville, TN
New Orleans, LA
New York, NY
Oklahoma City, OK
Omaha, NE
Ottawa, Canada
Paris, France
Philadelphia, PA
Pittsburgh, PA
Porto, Portugal
Prague, Czech
Provincetown, MA
Rome, Italy
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
Seattle, WA
Sedona, AZ
Sintra, Portugal
St. Louis, MO
St. Paul, MN
Tampa, FL
Toronto, Canada
Venice, Italy
Vienna, Austria
Washington DC, USA
Art Work
Original Watercolors
Canvas Paintings
Tuscany Italy Prints
Other Prints
Books
About
About The Artist
Art News •
PBS Interview
Radisson Blu Murals
Calendar
Links
Contact
Contact
Mail Order
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
How We Collect and Use Information
We collect the following types of information about you
Information you provide us directly:
As Steve Slaske Art Illustration Design uses PayPal to process order payments, we do not gather and store
personal information about you on this site "skylinecityprints.com".  PayPal handles all your
billing information, and provides us with your shipping information.
Therefore, we do not have registration for ordering or provide order tracking on
this website, other than what PayPal may provide.  If you have any
questions about an order please contact us.
Cookies information:
When you visit our site, we send one or more cookies - a small text file
containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that
uniquely identifies your browser and is used to enhance your navigation through
the site. These cookies are currently only use to keep track of shopping cart
identification -- a very small temporary file that disappears after 3 hours.
Analytics information:
We currently do not use any third party analytics service.
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile
device each time you access the website. When you use our website, our servers
automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include
anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address,
browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you
interact with links on the website, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed,
and other such information.
Clear gifs/web beacons information:
Clear gifs (also known as web beacons) are used to anonymously track the
online usage patterns of users. We do not use them.  We hope you
have a wonderful and enjoyable visit to our site, but we refuse to track your
every move.
IP address:
If you visit web site that site probably can see your web IP address.
We do not do anything with the IP information, other than what the web server
collects as normal monitoring of server operations and for site statistics.
Location data:
We do not ask for it or collect it.
Commercial and marketing communications:
Sorry, your going have to ask us directly to send you marketing emails,
otherwise we just will not do it.
Sharing of Your Information:
Since we do not collect information, other what is required to process a
shipping order, we do not rent or sell your information into third parties,
except as noted below:
Your billing information is protected from our eyes by PayPal.
Of course we need your shipping information from PayPal, but that
information is stored securely at PayPal.
We do share your shipping information with the shipper so the package can
get to you.
How We Store and Protect Your Information:
Payment Information Storage and Processing:
Your information collected and stored through PayPal at PayPal.
This means your personal information is only collected stored at one of securest
and largest online payment processors there is.   Although PayPal does
not require you join PayPal to make a payment through their service, we
recommend you do.  Paying with PayPal minimizes risks involved with online
payments, you can make purchases from many different online companies and
individuals without them ever seeing your credit card information.  And,
most online stores now accept PayPal as a payment option.  PayPal also
offers a Buyer Protection Plan for customers of verified
providers like us.
Ads:
We currently do not run any third party ads.
Links to Other Websites and Services:
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services
linked to or from this site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we
cannot control the activities of third-parties. Please consult the respective
privacy policies of such third parties or contact such third parties for more
information.
Copyright © 2006 - 2020 Steve Slaske Art Illustration Design