http://www.cholula.com/terms_and_conditions.html
Toggle navigation
Flavors
Recipes
Crafted In Mexico
Find
Happenings
Community
Shop
AgentAbelman, Frayne & Schwab 666 Third Avenue New York, NY 10017
Any use of this website by you is conditional upon your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and the accompanying Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy at anytime in our sole discretion. It is your responsibility to apprise yourself of the current Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy in force. Amendments to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy become effective upon posting.
Material on this website is protected by copyright and other law and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of the copyright owner.
All trademarks on this site are property of The Cholula Food Company or its affiliates.
Material on this site is provided for lawful purposes only.
This website may contain discussion groups, news groups, bulletin boards, chat rooms and other interactive services (collectively, "Message Boards"). Your use of Message Boards is at your own risk. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor our Message Boards and to remove or alter any content which, in our sole discretion, constitutes a misuse. We are not responsible for maintaining your postings and we may delete or destroy them at any time.
The Cholula Food Company is not liable for any damages, harm, or injury that relate to, arise out of, or result from the use of, or access to, or the inability to use, any of the material on this site. The materials on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, express or implied.
We may restrict, suspend or terminate your access to this website at any time if we believe that you have breached these Terms and Conditions. Any such restriction, suspension or termination will be without prejudice to any rights which we may have against you in respect of your breach of these Terms and Conditions.
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the website do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to the Agent named below: A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; A description of the alleged infringing activity and where the alleged infringing material is located; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by you, the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Privacy Policy   |   Terms and Conditions   |   Food Service   |   Sitemap
The trademarks Cholula, the Cholula bottle design and the Cholula label design are owned by Spicy Liquid, LLC.
SIGN UP AND SAVE 10% ON YOUR FIRST ORDER
×
Close