http://www.quaritch.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Bernard Quaritch Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and your personal information is secure.  We comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Information we may collect, store and use
Personal details to complete a transaction, verify payment methods, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase.
Any other information that you choose to send us.
Cookies to monitor browsing preferences.  This website uses cookies.  A cookie is a simple text file consisting of information, including a unique identifier, sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser.  This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.  A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Information about your computers and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation).  We may make this data available to third parties in order to analyse and enhance the use of this website.  None of this data could be used to identify any individual.
Protection
This website uses SSL protocol to encrypt sensitive data.  No information transmitted over the internet can be entirely secure, however, and any transmission you make is at your own risk.
Third Parties
We provide your information to third parties only insofar as it is necessary to provide the services requested by you, or if required by law to do so.  All such third parties use your information only in order to provide the relevant services and all are compliant with GDPR.  We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information.
Expressed Consent
If we ask for your personal details for a reason beyond the above, we will ask you directly for your expressed consent.  This might include information provided by you for the purpose of registering with us, subscribing to our email notifications, requesting catalogues, products or services from us, or attending one of our events.
Access to Information
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any information we have about you, please contact us at Bernard Quaritch Ltd, 36 Bedford Row, London, WC1R 4JH, United Kingdom.
Changes
This policy is effective as of 3 April 2018.  Any changes will be posted on this page.
This is a test message
No
Yes