http://www.gtglass.com/pages/legal-policies
Skip to content
Shop Now, Pay Later with GT Tools & Klarna. Click to Learn More
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
More Articles
Legal Policies
Home
›
Legal Policies
GT Tools, Glass Technology, Inc. Legal Policies
Return and Warranty Policy
Returns: All Sales are Final. Returns and exchanges are accepted only if: 1) The wrong product was sent. 2) Any or all of your products were damaged in transit by the shipping carrier. or 3) A warrantied item is factory defective. Some returns may be subject to a 20% restocking fee. See Terms of Service below for more details.Warranty: Warranty is extended to hand tools and power tools. All disposable and consumable supply items are not subject to warranty coverage. Each hand and power tool is warrantied to be free of defects from workmanship and materials for the period of 1 year from the date of original purchase.
GT Tools Terms of Service
Shipping: All orders will be processed and shipped within 1 or 2 business days upon payment not including weekends and based on the UPS or USPS delivery service requested. You will receive an email confirmation with tracking information as soon as your order is processed and shipped. All orders placed within the United States of America will ship by UPS or USPS services allotted on gtglass.com. All orders shipping to international addresses will ship via UPS International. All international orders outside the United States of America are subject to customs, duty taxes, and brokerage fees if applicable.
Returns: All Sales are Final. Returns and exchanges are accepted only if: 1) The wrong product was sent. 2) Any or all of your products were damaged in transit by the shipping carrier. or 3) A warrantied item is factory defective.
Warranty: Warranty is extended to hand tools and power tools. All disposable and consumable supply items are not subject to warranty coverage. Each hand and power tool is warrantied to be free of defects from workmanship and materials for the period of 1 year from the date of original purchase.
GT Tools Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT----SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@gtglass.com or mailing us at: Glass Technology Inc. 264 Davidson Creek Rd. Durango Colorado US 81301SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.Links When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Google analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked atSECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIESHere is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access. PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from whereSECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at support@gtglass.com or by mail at: Glass Technology, Inc. [ATTN: PC Lauinger] 264 Davidson Creek Rd. Durango Colorado US 81301 ----
GT Tools AutoGlass Army Loyalty Program Terms of Service
TERMS AND CONDITIONSGT Tools AutoGlassArmy Loyalty & Rewards Program1 GENERALOVERVIEWThe Glass Technology, Inc. rewards program (the “Program”) is a loyalty reward program offered by Glass Technology, Inc. (the “Company”, “us”, “our” or “we”) to certain customers of the Company. The Program is accessible through www.gtglass.com (the “Program Website”) and any other related sites and applications referred to on the Program Website including without limitation www.gtglass.com/rewards (the “Explainer Page”).The Program allows persons who have completed the membership enrolment steps (each, a “Program Member” or “Member”) in accordance with the present Terms and Conditions to collect points when making purchases on items identified from time to time by the Company (“Eligible Purchases”), and to redeem these points for rewards, benefits and/or rebates offered by the Company from time to time.Members acquire no vested right or entitlement to the continued availability of any particular reward, benefit or redemption level.TERMS AND CONDITIONSThe terms and conditions set forth herein (the “Terms & Conditions”, and together with any terms set forth on the Program Website, the Explainer Page and any other terms accessible through any of the foregoing, collectively the “Program Terms”) govern the Program. The Company in its sole discretion can, restrict, suspend, amend, extend, cancel, or otherwise alter the Program Terms at any time and without prior notice. If the Program Terms have been updated, the Company will post the new Program Terms on the Program Website and note the date that they were last updated, and no change will be effective until such change has been posted for at least ten (10) days. We encourage Members to review the Program Terms each time they use the Program.ACCEPTANCEBy using or enrolling in the Program, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.2PROGRAM MEMBERSHIPMEMBERSHIP ENROLLMENTMembership is free and no initial purchase is required in order to become a Member. To become a valid Member, you must complete the enrollment process by providing complete and accurate information and indicating your acceptance of the Program Terms. After completion, your membership will be tied to your email address provided (“Member Email”).PASSWORDS AND SECURITYIn order to enroll in the Program, you will have to register and create an Account with us and provide one or more names, email addresses, login usernames and passwords (together, “ID”). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your ID. You agree not to use the ID of any third party or disclose your ID to any third party. You are responsible for any and all activity that occurs on your Account. If you suspect any unauthorized use of your Account, you must notify us immediately. You agree to provide us with correct and complete Account information at all times and inform us of any changes to the information you have provided. We will keep your ID confidential. Only one AutoGlassArmy rewards account (“Account”) is permitted per person.SUSPENSION RIGHTS; CAPACITYIf the Company determines that a Program Member has abused any of the Program’s privileges, fails to comply with any of the Program Terms, or makes any misrepresentation to the Company the Company may, in its sole discretion, take such actions as it deems appropriate, including without limitation, suspending such Member’s privileges under the Program, revoking any or all of the points in such Program Member’s Account, and/or revoking the Program Member’s membership in the Program, in each case, with or without advance notice to the Member and without liability to the Company.Points will not be awarded if in the Company’s reasonable opinion the merchandise purchased will be used for resale or commercial use and any points awarded on such purchases will be forfeited. If a Member was awarded points for an offer or promotion in which a Member purchased product(s) in excess of reasonable quantities, the points awarded as a result of that offer or promotion may be forfeited without prior notice and the Account may be suspended or closed.Unless further restricted elsewhere in the Program Terms, Membership is only available to (i) individuals above the age of majority and who have legal capacity, and (ii) corporations, businesses, charities, partnerships, enterprises, schools or anyone other than an individual, provided that such entity has legal capacity and has duly authorized such Membership. If a Member does not meet the capacity requirements set out above, all points awarded to such Member may be forfeited without prior notice and the Account may be suspended or closed.CHANGE IN INFORMATIONProgram Members are responsible to advise the Company immediately of any change to their address or other contact information. The Company will not be responsible for any communication not received by a Program Member, provided that the Company sent such communication to the address or other contact information then on file from such Program Member.INACTIVE ACCOUNTSA Program Member Account is deemed to be inactive if points are not earned in connection with such Account for [730 Days or 2 Years]. Once an Account is deemed to be inactive, all points in such Account may, in the Company’s sole discretion, be deemed to have been forfeited by such Member, with or without notice.ACCOUNT CLOSUREPoints are reduced to zero upon closure of a Membership.SECURITYIf a Member Email is used by any other person, all points relating to purchases made by such other person will be credited to the Member’s Account. The Company assumes no liability or responsibility for points redeemed by any person(s) prior to a notification to the Company’s Customer Service Center that the Member Email has been compromised. Any points redeemed prior to notification shall be at the Member’s risk.3REWARD POINTSCOLLECTION; REDEMPTIONPoints can be earned by Program Members in connection with purchases of goods and/or services made through the Company (only online purchases through www.gtglass.com apply) as set forth on the Explainer Page, regardless of method of payment, provided that the Member Email is presented/entered at the time of purchase.Points can be redeemed for rewards. When enough points have been accumulated to obtain the reward(s) desired, redemption may occur through online and/or physical locations as set forth on the Program website or Explainer Page. The redemption schedule, available rewards and other information is available on the Explainer Page.A Member must provide his/her Member Email when redeeming points to protect the integrity of the Member’s points balance. Each Member is responsible to ensure that all Personal Information is correct and up-to-date and the Company reserves the right to block redemptions where the Member information is inaccurate or incomplete. Members are solely and entirely responsible for keeping their Account secure. If a purchase price is lower than the redemption value of the points, the remaining dollar value associated with all utilized points will be forfeited.VALUEPoints have no cash value and are not exchangeable for cash. The accumulation of points does not entitle the Program Members to any vested rights, and the Company does not guarantee in any way the continued availability of any reward, redemption level, rebate or any other benefit. The Company assumes no liability to Members as regards the addition or deletion of items from or for which points can be collected and/or redeemed.TRANSFERABILITYExcept as permitted from time to time by the Company, points cannot be assigned, exchanged, traded, bartered, purchased or given by gift or otherwise sold. Any points so acquired are void. For the avoidance of doubt, such prohibited transfers include transfers upon operation or law upon the death of a Member.RETURN/EXCHANGE POLICYIn the event of a return/exchange of any eligible purchase that initially earned points, such points will be deducted automatically from the Account that was used for the eligible purchase (whether or not the Membership Number is presented at the time of return and/or exchange). Points will be deducted at the same rate as they were earned.Upon the return and/or exchange of products awarded through the redemption of points, all redeemed points will be forfeited.PROMOTIONFrom time to time, the Company may advertise or offer exclusive offers to select Members to redeem points for items other than a discount reward, or receive other benefits or discounts.VIP MEMBERSHIP PERKSAs a member of the GT Tools AutoGlassArmy Rewards program, Members may receive perks related to the VIP tier that they are currently enrolled in. The Perk “New Product Beta Tester” enrolls you in a group of Members with the potential to be chosen for new product beta testing. It is at the sole discretion of The Company to choose how many and which Members will test out new products. The Perk “Free Product Samples” enrolls you in a group of Members with the potential to be chosen for frequent new product sample mailings. It is at the sole discretion of The Company to choose how many and which Members will be sent free samples of product. The Perk “Exclusive Annual Gift” enrolls you in a group of Members that will receive an annual gift from The Company. It is at the sole discretion of The Company to choose the timing, means, and contents of said annual gift. 4PRIVACYCONFIDENTIAL INFORMATIONWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We will maintain the privacy and security of all personal information collected from Members, including, but not limited to: name, address, email address, telephone numbers, date of birth, and purchasing information (“Personal Information”).You understand that through your use of the Program, you consent to the collection and use of this information. As part of providing you the Program, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Program and your Account.UNSUBSCRIBEBy sharing your email address and as an active customer and Program Member, we and/or our service providers may communicate to you special offers, services, promotions and program information. You can unsubscribe from receiving such messages at any time by updating your online account, by contacting customer service of the applicable entity, or by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any promotional email.5GENERALACCEPTANCEBy enrolling in the Program, each Member (i) certifies that he or she is over the legal age in the province/state/country in which he or she resides (or is supervised by a parent or legal guardian who agrees to the Program Terms) and of mental capacity (or is supervised by a legal guardian who agrees to the Program Terms), (ii) consents to the company’s collection and use of certain personal information, except as he or she may otherwise notify the Company and (iii) agrees to the Program Terms, as they may be amended from time to time.OTHER TERMSThese Terms & Conditions are in addition to any other Program Terms, and shall be read together with such other Program Terms as one and the same instrument; provided, that if there is a conflict between any terms set forth in these terms and conditions, the Program Website, the Explainer Page and/or any other Program Terms, such conflict shall be resolved as follows: first, the Explainer Page shall prevail, thereafter the Program Website and finally any other Program Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any action, proceeding or other dispute arising from or relating to any Program Terms, such dispute shall be settled in accordance with the provisions and procedures set forth in these Terms & Conditions.ABUSEAny abuse by a Member of the Program’s privileges, any failure by a Member to follow these Terms and Conditions, or any misrepresentation by a Member may subject the Member to expulsion from the Program, including forfeiture of all accumulated points.WAIVEREvery effort has been made to ensure that the information herein is correct. The Company is not responsible for any errors or omissions in printed copies of these Terms and Conditions nor those published from time to time on its website.Any waiver by the Company of the strict observance, performance or compliance by a Member with any of the Terms and Conditions contained herein, either expressly granted or by course of conduct, shall be effective only in the specific instance and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any rights or remedies of the Company as a result of any other failure to observe, perform or comply with the Terms and Conditions. No delay or omission by the Company in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as waiver thereof or of any other right or remedy.In the event that any provision in these Terms and Conditions is determined to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions.CONTACTIf you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions or if you wish to provide any feedback with respect to the Program, please contact us at: support@gtglass.comGOVERNING LAWThese Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the state of Colorado, La Plata County. If litigation results from or arises out of these Terms and Conditions or the performance thereof, the Parties agree to reimburse the prevailing Party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs, and all other expenses, whether or not taxable by the court as costs, in addition to any other relief to which the prevailing Party may be entitled.
authorized distributors
Sign up to get First Access to new products, technical docs, and more
Windshield Repair
Auto Glass Replacement
Glass Scratch Removal
Plastic Restoration
Resources
Where to Buy
Service and Repair
GT Tools Catalog
Event Calendar
AutoGlassArmy Rewards
© 2020, GT Tools®
Earn GT Tags