http://www.greenmountaindiapers.com/pages/privacy-statement-1
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
----
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@greenmountaindiapers.com or mailing us at:Green Mountain Diapers74 Cotton Mill HL Suite A220Brattleboro, VT 05301
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us (example: PayPal) will collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide.However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
SECTION 5:  INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING
Green Mountain Diapers collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve its site and services and to improve your user experience. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.  Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services and use of our website and services by you and other users. Those service providers will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. However, some of our third-party vendors may use anonymized aggregate data to improve their services. For example, with regard to credit card processing services, our fraud detection vendors may use aggregate data to help them more accurately detect fraudulent uses of credit cards. We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of Green Mountain Diapers or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of the services; or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of Green Mountain Diapers’ employees, customers, or the public. We may also disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not._session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc)._shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart._secure_session_id, unique token, sessionalstorefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.  Cookies can enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
We and our service providers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to:
Administer the Services
Enhance user experience
Analyze Services usage and trends
Track users' movements around the Services
Gather demographic data about users
Deliver advertisements and other marketing communication
Perform analytics and marketing integration
We and our service providers use session and persistent cookies. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear when you close your browser, restart, or turn off your device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser, restart, or turn off your device.
We and our service providers use transactional and functional cookies
Server Logs. We and our service providers use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your IP address and device data in server logs to support the functionality of the Services and provide information to you that is relevant and error free
Device Identifiers. When you access the Services through a mobile device, we and our service providers may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store device identifiers. These are small data files stored on or associated with your device. This may be used to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation of the Services.
Transaction Identifiers. When you use the Services, we and our service providers may access, collect, or store transaction identifiers, an internal identification number that we assign to our customers. This helps us understand and review your transactions.
Marketing and advertising. We and our service providers use cookies and other tracking technologies to market products or services, monitor which ads have been served to your browser, which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered, and provide you advertising based on your browsing activities and interests.
Analytics and integration. We and our service providers use third party analytics and marketing integration services such as Google Analytics to track and optimize our Services’ performance and marketing activities. For more information about how your information may be used in connection with our implementation of Google Analytics (including information on how you may opt-out of sharing your information or control how your information is shared), please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Green Mountain Diapers does not at the time if this writing, but may in the future, implement Google AdWords conversion tracking or other advertising services to gather anonymous data (i.e., information that does not contain your personal information) to help us better analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and to help us learn how to better reach our customers. Google AdWords conversion tracking uses a pixel tag (a tiny graphic image) placed on our site that can track activity on the site and can be used to measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. These pixel tags may be used in conjunction with cookies. Also, when you purchase items on our sites, anonymous sales conversion information (that does not contain your personal information) may be transmitted to Google Analytics using javascript. To learn more about conversion tracking, please visit https://support.google.com/adwords/answer/1722022?hl=en.
HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject or delete cookies, our Services may no longer function for you. Each browser provides different mechanisms for managing cookies. Look at your browser’s help menu to determine the best way to modify your browser’s cookie storage. For more information about how to control or delete cookies, visit https://www.aboutcookies.org/.
HOW WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE NOTICE
We periodically update this Cookie Notice to account for changed legal and operational circumstances, to describe new cookies and tracking technologies, and to describe how those changes affect our use of your information. We encourage you to review this Cookie and Privacy Notice each time you use our Services. If we are going to use information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time of collection or make any material changes in our privacy practices, we will notify you. We will post those changes through a prominent notice on our website. If you do not agree to the changes made to this Cookie Notice, we recommend that you stop using our services or disable your cookies.
SECTION 8 - COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
You can stop the delivery of future promotional materials from Green Mountain Diapers sites and services by following the specific instructions in the materials you receive (e.g., by clicking the “Unsubscribe” or “Safe Unsubscribe” links at the bottom of the bottom of the message) or by contacting us via e-mail at support@greenmountaindiapers.com.
This choice does not apply to the display of online advertising. Nor does it apply to the receipt of mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Green Mountain Diapers services, which you may receive.
SECTION 9 - CONTESTS
We periodically offer Giveaway Contests through Rafflecopter.  Participation is voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose information. Information requested may include contact information. Terms of the Rafflecopter Giveaways are available on Rafflecopter’s website linked through the giveaway page and includes remarketing information.  You may receive marketing from us after participating in the giveaway.   Please do not participate of you do not agree to the terms and conditions stated on the Rafflecopter giveaway.   Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
SECTION 10 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Subscribe to the Green Mountain Diapers Newsletter Periodically we send out emails to announce sale items, seconds, and/or new products.  Please consider subscribing.  We will never sell, exchange or market your information in any way.  You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time.