http://www.allcondoms.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Buy Condoms By:
Brands
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Atlas Condoms
Beyond 7 / Crown
Caution Wear Condoms
Durex Condoms
FC2 Female
Kimono Condoms
Lifestyles Condoms
Magnum Condoms
One Condoms
Rough Rider
Snakeskin Condoms
Trojan Condoms
Trustex Condoms
Types
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Assortments
Climax Control
Colored Condoms
Design Your Own
Female Condoms
Flavored Condoms
Funny Condoms
Glow in the Dark
Non Lubricated
Non Latex
Textured Condoms
Ultra Thin
Wholesale Condoms
Sizes
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Small Condoms
Average Size
Large Condoms
Extra Large
Condom Size Calculator
Design a Condom
Lubricants
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Water Based
Silicone Based
Flavored
Natural/Organic
Account
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is GUARANTEED - We take our customers privacy very serious
--- SECURITY ---All purchases on the Allcondoms website are secured by Highest Level Encryption, by the #1 leading and #1 trusted online security company. All Orders are Encrypted For Security and we also use one of the Internets most trusted and Secure shopping cart softwares available. Since 1996 we have had not 1 single case of breach of security.
However, if you would like to order by phone please feel free to call us Monday thru Friday 8am - 5pm Eastern Time.
1-888-747-6765 - Clearwater, FL Headquarters
--- PRIVACY GUARANTEED ---Because of the Nature Of Our Business and our customer's security concerns, we do not skimp on privacy. We Feel Our Process Is 100% Securet and 100% Private!
• Discreet ShippingAll orders are discreetly shipped in a plain unmarked package with the return address of ACS Group. Nowhere will it say what is in the package.
• Discreet BillingYour Order Will Be Billed Using Our Corporate Name: ACS GroupYour Credit Card Statement will read ACS Group 888-747-6765 and Will Not Mention CONDOMS or any contents
• No Junk Mail, No Catalogs!We respect your privacy and we never have and never will loan, sell, trade or make public our Customer Data Base with anyone period!  We don't even send our own customer's mail or catalogs.
Frequently asked questions from customers just like you.
How will my package arrive? What is the return address on the outside?All orders are shipped same-day by US mail unless specified otherwise. All Orders are packaged in discrete plain packages or boxes. There is no way to tell what the contents of the package are, not even your postman will know what's inside! The Rip n Roll name will not appear on the outside of your package. The Return address on the package reads "PO Box 14301 Clearwater, Fl 33766
*Wholesale orders are subject to different terms.
What will my credit card statement show?Your credit card is discreetly billed and your statement will read ACS Group. In fact it is so discreet that we often have customers calling us to remind them of what they purchased with their card. There will be no mention of what type of products you purchased on your statement.
Do you sell your mailing lists, is my privacy secure?All customer information is kept private, we never have and never will loan, sell, trade or make public our Data Base with anyone period! Not for any amount of money so marketers please don't even ask to purchase our list.We have an enormous customer database and we would never jeopardize the integrity of our company. Our database is located on a secure stand alone non-networked server for security reasons. These are the many reasons we have been so successful and have had so many repeat customers since 1996.
Is my personal information secure if I order from you online?Allcondom's continued commitment to the customer sets us apart from other online stores. We offer the best security for online credit card orders and a guarantee that all personal information is kept in complete confidence. We use SSL - Secure Sockets Layer protocol for the highest level of encryption available. To date we have not had one case of fraudulent use or theft of credit card information from our corporation. Our database is also kept on a stand alone non-networked server for security reasons.You can rest assured when placing orders at Rip n Roll.
If you have questions, please call us at 1-888-747-6765
Sincerely,
The All condoms Staff