http://www.care4car.com/privacy.php
0 items£ 0.00
HOME
ABOUT
NEWS
BROWSE SHOP
Display Complete List
Car Seat Covers
Car Boot Liners and Mats
Car Travel Accessories
Car Exterior Accessories
Tyre Accessories
Car Accessories and Gifts
Pet Car Accessories
Auto Express Accessories
Car Care Products
Xenon Headlight Bulbs
12 volt Electrical
Christmas Car Accessories
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy at Care4car
Introduction
Andtraco Limited supply quality car accessories through the Care4car.com website.
In order to provide an effective service to our clients it is necessary for us to process personal data, including sensitive personal data therefore acting as a data controller under the GDPR.
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you better understand how we collect, use and store your personal information whether you browse through our website or become a customer. By using our website or dealing with us via telephone or personally, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The personal details we collect from you
When you purchase our product (or service), we collect the following:
- Your name
- Your address
- Your company (optional)
- Your email
- Your telephone number
- An optional delivery address if applicable
- Any optional delivery instructions
- Your agreement to our terms and conditions
- Your consent (or not) to be included in our marketing
- Your payment details when is necessary
- Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website
- Any other information you have voluntarily given us
We may also collect IP address and geographical information via cookies if you visit our website
How we collect personal details from you
We collect your personal details in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to the following:
- When you contact us for our service / product purchase (or we contact you) by telephone or in person
- When you use, or contact us through our website
- When you use our services.
- When you use or buy our products
- When you enter competitions / register for marketing.
- When you complete registration or order forms.
We only collect information that have a moral & legal basis for processing the service that you wanted and processing your personal data. For the purposes of being able to provide the best service to our customers and to provide well designed and manufactured products, we will at times need to process your personal data.
What are your rights?
- You have the right to be informed about the personal data that we process on you.
- You have the right of access to the personal data that we process on you.
- You have the right to rectification of your personal data.
- You have the right to erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances.
- You have the right to restrict processing of your personal data.
- You have the right to data portability in certain circumstances.
- You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data that was based on a public or legitimate interest.
- You have the right not to be subjected to automated decision making and profiling
- You have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
Where you have consented to us processing your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by using our contact form (Choose 'Privacy') or sending an email to privacy@care4car.com
How do you use my information?
We may use your personal information for processing your order, dealing with queries, refunds or contacting you if we may be able to help you with the order
We only use your payment details for the single order transaction.
We may also use your personal information for marketing purposesif you have consented to this option. You may unsubscribe at any time.
How do you share my information?
We do not share your information with any 3rd party companies unless it is necessary such as share your information in the following circumstances:
- To prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to the Services, or as otherwise required by law.
- To conform to legal requirements, or to respond to lawful court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other requests by public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
- To keep within the law such as maintaining records for tax purposes, defending any claims from other corporate purposes and managing and dealing with insurance claims.
How we safeguard your personal data
We make sure that all of your date is safe by using a range of technical and practical safeguards. We also ensure that operationally we are sound and have carefully followed procedures and awareness within the business. In addition to these day to day safeguards, we also have a process in place to deal with any suspected breach of data. If you suspect that your data has been misused, or has been compromised please contact us immediately at privacy@care4car.com
How long do you keep my information for?
We will keep personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary to provide products and services we provide, including aftercare services, and to maintain records as needed to satisfy tax and other legal or regulatory requirements, as well as to protect and defend against claims.
Cookies
Please view our separate policy on cookies for more information
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change the policy at any time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this policy.
Complaints procedure and contacting us
We have appointed an data protection officer (DPO) for issues regarding privacy.
If you wish to contact this person, query or complain about this privacy policy or any other aspect of our conduct, please do not hesiate to contact us via
- our contact form
- our specific email address for privacy issues : privacy@care4car.com
- our postal address: Care4car, 8 Wates Way, Acre Estate, Banbury, Oxfordshire, OX16 3TS United Kingdom
You also have the right to raise concerns with the Information Commissioner's Office on 0303 123 1113 or at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/, or any other relevant supervisory authority should your personal data be processed outside of the UK, if you believe that your data protection rights have not been adhered to.
Contact Us
Care4Car
8 Wates Way
Acre Estate, Banbury,
Oxfordshire, OX16 3TS
United Kingdom
Email Signup
Sign up to receive regular updates and the
latest product information
Follow Us On
Facebook
Twitter
Copyright © 2003 - 2020 Andtraco Limited
Friday 11th December 2020
Home
/
About
/
News
/
Help
/
Model Finder
/
Model List
/
Contact
Terms & Conditions
/
Privacy Policy
/
Disclaimer