http://www.primitivehomedecors.com/pages/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Shipping
Blog
800-975-3713
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PrimitiveHomeDecors.com Privacy Notice
(Updated 1/2/2013) By visiting the PrimitiveHomeDecors.com website (the "Site"), you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice, please do not use the Site. Each time you use the Site, you should check the date of this Privacy Notice (which appears above) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site. Throughout our history, we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information. This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our commitment to online security and customer service practices. We treat your information with the same respect and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.
1. Personal Information Collected By PrimitiveHomeDecors.com
PrimitiveHomeDecors.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site. We gather the following types of information: Information You Give to Us: We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users. "Personal Information" includes your name, address, telephone number, credit or debit card information, e-mail address and IP address. Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us, place an order on the Site or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through the Site, telephone, mail or fax. In some instances, we may obtain other people’s names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our "email a friend" feature. Cookies: Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; and the URLs which lead you to and around the Site including the date and time. You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information. You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you. Orders: If you place an order through the Site, you will be required to provide contact, billing, and payment information. Email Newsletter Subscriptions: Upon placing an order through the Site, you will automatically begin receiving the email newsletter, based on the Personal Information you have provided, unless you opt-out of receiving such communications. In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from PrimitiveHomeDecors.com.
2. Use of Information Collected By Us
We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site, to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request. We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you, to help us develop and improve our Site, and to tailor our Site to your interests.
3. Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We will not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent, except as stated in this Privacy Notice. Credit Card Companies: If you place an order through the Site, the Personal Information you provide is transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase. Shippers: If you make a purchase through the Site, your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase. There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers. These drop-shippers are only given your name, postal address, and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order. Law Enforcement and Protection of Users: To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates, customers, or its users. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
4. Security
We employ 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the Site which require you to provide your personal or account information, including those areas related to online ordering, order status, catalog request and contest forms. The Site utilizes industry-standard firewalls and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive Personal Information, such as your name, address and credit card number. You should recognize, however, that no computer system is fully secure and that there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full SSL support.
5. Corrections/Information Removal/Opt-Out
If your name, e-mail or postal address, telephone number or other Personal Information changes, you may update, correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at service@primitivehomedecors.com. In addition, if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by emailing us at service@primitivehomedecors.com, sending a letter to: Primitive Home Decors, Inc., 8146 Hayworth Road, Indianapolis, IN 46221 or by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us.
6. Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please e-mail us at service@primitivehomedecors.com or send a letter to: Primitive Home Decors, Inc., 8146 Hayworth Road, Indianapolis, IN 46221.
7. Limitations On Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL Primitive Home Decors, Inc. OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE (INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF Primitive Home Decors, Inc. OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Customer Service
About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Returns
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Contact
8146 Hayworth Road
Indianapolis, IN 46221
800-975-3713
Email Us
Keep in Touch
New subscribers will receive a coupon for $5 off orders of $25 or more!
© 2020 Primitive Home Decors