http://www.swtcyarn.com/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
Loading... Please wait...
CALL US ON
My Account
Gift Certificates
Sign in or Create an account
Items / $0.00
Search
All prices are in All prices are in USD
Categories
Yarns
Patterns
Terra Patterns
About SWTC
Requests for Information, Donations, and YarnFor DesignersUse of Brand & LogoTerms of Use and Privacy
Merchant Info
Blog
Contact Us!
Return Policy
HomeAbout SWTCTerms of Use and Privacy
Terms of Use and Privacy
Categories
Yarns
Patterns
Terra Patterns
About Us
SWTC is a wholesale yarn company specializing is exotic and earth friendly fibers.
Acceptance of Terms
The following terms of use ("Terms of Use") shall govern your use of the Southwest Trading Company ("us," "we" or "our") web site (the "Site"). By browsing, accessing, using and/or viewing our Site, you acknowledge and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to comply with the Terms of Use, then do not use this Site.
Note, the Terms of Use are subject to change based on our sole discretion. If you access our Site at any time after such a change is posted, then you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to all of the revisions. Therefore, we ask that you regularly review the Terms of Use.
License and Site Access
Users under the age of thirteen (13) are prohibited from using the Site. Provided that you are not under the age of thirteen (13), we hereby grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access our Site and the information contained within the Site. You may not assign or sublicense this license. The Site and information contained within the Site may not be distributed, modified, reproduced, transmitted or used commercially in whole or in part without our written permission, except you may download one copy of the materials on this Site onto a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use. The foregoing constitutes a single copy, single use license ("License"), not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: (a) you may not modify the materials; (b) use them for any commercial purpose; (c) display them publicly; or (d) remove any copyright or other proprietary notice from them.
We reserve the right to terminate the License granted to you herein at any time if you are in breach of the Terms of Use. The License will terminate immediately without notice from us, in our sole discretion, should you fail to comply with any term or provision of the Terms of Use. Upon such termination, you may not access, use, or view the Site.
We reserve the right to investigate suspected violations of the Terms of Use. If we become aware of possible violations, we may initiate an investigation that may include gathering information from you or any user involved and the complaining party, if any, and examination of other material. We may suspend the provision of our services temporarily, or we may permanently remove the material involved from our servers, cancel posts, provide warnings to you, or suspend or terminate your access to our Site. We will determine what action will be taken in response to a violation at our sole discretion. We will fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected lawbreakers.
Our Site contains software tools and databases that may allow you to post, search and retrieve information. You may not: (a) sell, distribute or commercially exploit such software tools, databases or the results of any the use of any tools on this Site; (b) use any data mining, robots, or similar gathering and extraction tools; or (c) sell, rent, lease, lend, or transfer any services provided on this Site.
You may use our Site for lawful purposes only. You may not use our Site to post, transmit or otherwise distribute unlawful material. Examples of unlawful material include, but are not limited to, threats of physical harm, defamatory statements, pornographic material, and copyrighted, trademarked, and other proprietary material used without proper authorization. You may not attempt to use or distribute tools designed for compromising security or take action to compromise the security of this Site. Examples of these tools include, but are not limited to, password guessing programs, cracking tools, or network probing tools. You may not "flood" or disrupt our Site through any means or process. You are responsible for all use of our services and our Site, with or without your consent, by yourself and others, which occurs by, through, or in connection with access to our Site via your computer or any user id used to access the Site.
Copyright, Trademarks & Trade Dress .
All content included on the Site, the compilation of all content on the Site and all software used on the Site are the property of Southwest Trading Company, its affiliates or its content suppliers, and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Except as stated herein, you may not: (a) copy, reproduce, publish, distribute, create derivative works of, sell, transfer, display, transmit, compile or collect in a database, or in any manner commercially exploit, any copyright-protected element of the Site, including the content and/or software on the Site; (b) make any use of our trademarks and/or trade dress; (c) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including, but not limited to, images, text, page layout, and/or form) of ours; or (d) use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or our trademarks. Alleged copyright, trademark and trade dress violations should be reported to the our webmaster in care of this Site.
We make no representations concerning, and assume no liability for, the infringing or non-infringing nature of any trademarks which appear on the Site but are not owned by us .
You may not disrupt, modify or interfere with this Site or its associated software, hardware and servers in any way, or impede or interfere with others’ use of the Site. Further, you may not alter or tamper with any information or materials on, or associated with, the Site, nor may you attempt to copy, adapt, decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software contained on this Site or the HTML code used to generate this Site.
All material on this Site is provided for lawful purposes only. Unauthorized use of this material may violate copyright laws, trademarks laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, communications regulations and statutes, or other applicable laws, rules or regulations, and may subject you to criminal penalties and/or civil liability.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy and understand our practices regarding your privacy in connection with our Site. Our Privacy Policy can be found at http://www.soysilk.com/privacy.html
Disclaimer
Our Site contains various types of information originating from ourselves or third parties, including outside vendors that provide information or goods and services. We do not own or control other networks, sites, or hyperlinked sites outside of our own Site, including the outside vendors accessed through our Site. The Site provides information about chronic health issues designed to help users make better decisions. But the information provided on this Site is not the same as medical advice and you are advised to consult your doctor in connection with any information obtained from this Site.
AS THE USER OF THIS SITE, YOU ASSUME FULL RISK AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY AND ALL USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION PRESENTED ON THE SITE. YOU AGREE TO HOLD US AND OUR AFFILIATES HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF, YOUR RELIANCE UPON, OR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN, INFORMATION FOUND ON THIS SITE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, WRONGFUL DEATH, LOSS OF REVENUE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS, LOSS OF TECHNOLOGY, LOSS OF RIGHTS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF DATA, INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF USE OF ANY EQUIPMENT, MENTAL ANGUISH, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR INVASION OF PRIVACY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SITE AND/OR THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH OUR SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
THE SERVICES, INFORMATION AND FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON OUR SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE OF ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, CONCERNING OUR SERVICES OR THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OUR SITE, OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM SERVICES, INFORMATION OR MATERIALS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF ANY LINKED WEBSITE OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED WEBSITE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH WEBSITE OR LINK IS OWNED AND OPERATED BY US OR OUR AFFILIATES.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and successors harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, judgments, losses, damages, costs, fees and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from or relating to your use of the Site or your acts or omissions, including but not limited to: (a) infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property rights; (b) defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, or violation of the rights of privacy or publicity; (c) spamming, or any other offensive, harassing or illegal conduct or violation of this Agreement; or (d) any damage or destruction to our Site, to us, or to other persons or parties.
Breach
You hereby acknowledge that your breach of the Terms of Use may result in immediate and irreparable harm to us, for which there may be no adequate remedy at law, and that we shall be entitled to equitable relief to compel you to cease and desist all unauthorized use, evaluation and/or disclosure of information obtained through the Site. Your breach of the Terms of Use may also entitle us to bring an action against you for any and all other remedies available at law or in equity.
Jurisdiction
We operate and control our Site from our location in the State of Arizona, United States of America. We make no representation that any information, materials or functions included on or through our Site are appropriate for use in any other jurisdiction. If you choose to access our Site from locations other than within the State of Arizona, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
You agree that the Terms of Use, and the rights and obligations hereunder, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Arizona. You further agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and us arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use or your use of the Site shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Phoenix, Arizona, and you hereby expressly and irrevocably consent to be bound by the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
No waiver; Severability
A waiver of any breach of any provision of the Terms of Use shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any repetition of such breach or in any manner affect any other terms or conditions of the Terms of Use. In the event that any provision of the Terms of Use is held to be unenforceable, it will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that is the closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision.
Assignability
We may assign our rights and delegate our duties under the Terms of Use either in whole or in part at any time, at our sole discretion, and without your consent. You may not assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer your rights or obligations, in whole or in part, under the Terms of Use to anyone else.
Relationship
This Agreement does not establish any relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency between you and us.
PRIVACY
OverviewSouthwest Trading Company ("us," "we" or "our") created this web site privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") as part of our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of the privacy and security of the users ("you" or "your") of our web site (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy will advise you about how we protect your personal information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.Application of our Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy applies to the use of our Site. Note, however, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which our Site only links. Once you enter another web site (whether through an advertisement, sponsored link, service, or content link), be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other web sites. Furthermore, this Privacy Policy only covers information collected on the Site and does not cover any information collected by us through other means, such as direct mail, paper applications, etc.Types of Information CollectedIn order for you to access certain areas of the Site, we may ask you to provide us with information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include data such as: (i) your name, mailing and/or e-mail addresses ("Contact Data"); (ii) your account or credit card number ("Financial Data"); or (iii) your zip code, age and/or income ("Demographic Data"). If you communicate with us by e-mail, post messages to any of our blogs or forums, if any, or otherwise complete online forms or surveys, any information provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information. We will only collect Personal Information which you voluntarily provide. Your Personal Information will not be intentionally disclosed to any unaffiliated third party without your permission.Uses of Information CollectedWe use Contact Data to send you information about our company, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Financial Data to allow you to purchase product from the Site, if available. We use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in according to your preferences.ChildrenWe are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Therefore, we prohibit registration by children under the age of 13 for all interactive portions of the Site including blogs, forums, chats and message boards, if any. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.Furthermore, we may, at our discretion, require users under 18 to obtain the consent of a parent or guardian to view certain content, and we may limit access to certain content to users above a specified age. You agree to abide by any such restrictions, and not to help anyone avoid these restrictions.Sharing of Personal InformationWe may share Personal Information you provide in combination with Personal Information from other users with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate basis ("Aggregate Data"). Aggregate Data does not contain any information which can be used to contact or identify youUser Choice Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Personal InformationYou may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. If you do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us, you may select the appropriate "opt-out" option when you register on the Site, or update your personal profile as described below.Confidentiality and Security of Personal InformationExcept as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order; (b) protect a physical or property threat to you, to others or to the Site; (c) respond to a breach or attempted breach of the security of our Site; (d) defend or assert our legal rights; or (e) enforce our Terms of Use. We may also transfer Personal Information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change. In the event we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or a court order. Your Personal Information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible by third parties.Other Limits to Your PrivacyThe Site contains links to other web sites. Note, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Once you link to another web site from our Site, you are subject to the terms and conditions of that site, including but not limited to that site's privacy policy and terms of use. We may also make blogs, forums, chats and message boards available to you. Although we strive to protect our users' privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you post. The information you disclose in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information. You disclose this information at your own risk.Disclaimer of WarrantiesOur Site contains various types of information originating from ourselves or third parties, including outside vendors that provide information, goods and services. We do not own or control other networks, sites, or hyperlinked sites outside of our own Site, including the third party sites accessed through our Site.We provide the information on the site on an "as is" and "as available" basis, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Without limitation of the foregoing, we specifically disclaim any and all warranties, including, but not limited to: (i) any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, appropriateness, reliability, timeliness or usefulness of the content of the site; and (ii) any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or warranties arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice.Limitation of LiabilityUnder no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable to any party for: (i) any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary, consequential (including, but not limited to, damages for business interruption, loss of business profits, loss of programs or loss of information), or any other damages arising in any way out of the availability, use, reliance on, or inability to use the materials in this site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages; or (ii) any claim attributable to errors, omissions, or other inaccuracies in, or destructive properties of the Site. In no event shall our total liability to you herein, for any claim or action arising from use of the web site (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.Updates and Changes to Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Brands
SWTC
View all brands
Categories
Yarns
Patterns
Terra Patterns
View all categories
Recent Updates
Changes at SWTC
Hi, Everyone!
I'm Erin.After 20 years of
wonderful yarns, Jonelle has …
NEW XIE FOR 2017
For 2017, we have reinvested in one of your all time favorite SWTC Yarns. Look …
Connect with us
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
YouTube
Newsletter
Name
Email
About SWTC
Requests for Information, Donations, and YarnFor DesignersUse of Brand & LogoTerms of Use and Privacy
Merchant Info
Blog
Contact Us!
Return Policy
All prices are in USD. © 2020 SWTC Yarns.
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce