http://www.davidsbridal.com/Content_HelpFAQ_helppurchasingordering
Message Dialog
Close
Display Update Message
Product Compare Dialog
Product Comparison
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. Please refine your selection.
OK
FREE SHIPPING on orders $99+ | See Details
Shop at the safest, cleanest stores around | About Our Safety Practices
Our stores are open for appointments and walk-ins. |
LEARN MORE >
Sign Up
|
Login
Search
Suggested keywords menu
View all results >
Suggested site content and search history menu
Book Appointment
Book Appointment
Diamond Loyalty
Diamond Loyalty
Stores
Find a Store
Hot Deals
Hot Deals
Shopping Cart
Cart
Close
This item has been successfully added:
Checkout
Continue Shopping
Shopping Cart Popup
Your cart is empty.
Subtotal does not include shipping, handling, or taxes
Checkout
Search
Search in
Suggested keywords menu
View all results >
Suggested site content and search history menu
Need help?
Sign Up
|
Login
Menu
Brides
Bridesmaids
Dresses
Accessories
Gifts & Decorations
Shoes
Prom
Sale
REGISTRY
THE BLOG
Log in
Sign up
Brides
Main Menu
Brides Homepage
Wedding Dresses
All Wedding Dresses
Ready to Ship Wedding Dresses
New Arrivals
Plus Size
Petite
Tall
Mermaid/Trumpet
A-Line
Ball Gown
Lace
Long Sleeve
Sheath
Short
Collections
Wedding Dresses in 3D & AR
White by Vera Wang
Create Your Custom Look
Simple Wedding Dresses
Designer
Casual
Under $100
Under $200
Under $500
Maternity
Separates
White Wedding Suits
Wedding Jumpsuits
Sample Sale
Wedding Accessories
Veils
Bridal Shoes
Bridal Lingerie
Slips & Shapewear
Jackets & Wraps
Hair Accessories
Belts & Sashes
Bras
Jewelry
Explore
Wedding Dress Finder
Blueprint Registry
Wedding Dresses 101
Plus Size Guide
Petite Size Guide
Wedding Themes
Silhouette Guide
Fall 2020 Collection
Preserve Your Gown
Meet the Brands
Getting Started
Wedding Wardrobe
Look Books
Real Weddings
Wedding Planning Guide
Quality & Craftsmanship
Diamond Loyalty by David’s
Two words: FREE honeymoon
Rewards for shopping? Brilliant!Start earning with the help offriends and family.
Sign up—It’s free, Beautiful!
Bridesmaids
Main Menu
Bridesmaids Homepage
Bridesmaid Dresses
All Bridesmaid Dresses
Ready to Ship Bridesmaid Dresses
Long Bridesmaid Dresses
Short Bridesmaid Dresses
Plus Size Bridesmaid Dresses
White by Vera Wang
Junior Bridesmaid Dresses
Color Swatches
Lace Bridesmaid Dresses
New Arrivals
Maternity Friendly Dresses
Tall Bridesmaid Dresses
Bridesmaid Dresses in 3D & AR
Shop by Price
Dresses Under $100
Dresses Under $150
Dresses Under $200
Sale Dresses
Explore
Color Chart
Wedding Colors & Bridal Party Ideas
Bridesmaid Dress Finder
Wedding Colors by Season
Mismatched Bridesmaid Dresses
Color Inspiration
Look Books
Real Bridesmaids
Dresses
Main Menu
Dresses Homepage
Dresses
All Dresses
Ready to Ship Occasion Dresses
Plus Size Dresses
Petite Dresses
Maternity Dresses
Girls Dresses
Flower Girl Dresses
Communion Dresses
Graduation Dresses
Collections
Mother of the Bride & Groom
Guest of Wedding
Formal & Evening
Cocktail & Party
Jumpsuits & Pantsuits
Little White Dresses
Holiday Dresses
Prom
All Prom Dresses
Plus Size Prom Dresses
Long Prom Dresses
Short Prom Dresses
Dresses Under $100
Two-Piece Prom Dresses
Homecoming Dresses
Quinceañera Dresses
Graduation Dresses
Accessories
Shoes
Jackets & Wraps
Jewelry
Sashes & Belts
Slips & Shapewear
Hair Accessories
Handbags
Flower Girl Accessories
Explore
Mother of the Bride Guide
What to Wear to a Holiday Party
What to Wear to a Winter Wedding
Casual Wedding Ideas
What to Wear to Every Wedding Event
What to Wear to College Girl Events
Special Occasions Guide
Flower Girl Guide
Accessories
Main Menu
Accessories Homepage
Accessories
All Accessories
Jewelry
Veils
Hair Accessories
Belts & Sashes
Jackets & Wraps
Flower Girl Accessories
Handbags
Gloves
Garment Bags
Wedding Dress Preservation
Face Masks & Chains
Headpieces
Mid-Length Veils
Cathedral Veils
Blushers
Short Veils
Custom Veils
Headbands
Tiaras
Combs
Girls Headpieces
Hairpins
Lingerie
All Lingerie
Shapewear & Slips
Bras
Honeymoon Lingerie
Robes
Garters
Panties
Lingerie Accessories
Explore
Completing Your Look Guide
Veil Guide
Headpiece Guide
Shapewear Guide
Bra Guide
Neckline & Jewelry Guide
5 Must-Have Wedding Shoes
4 Looks for Less
Accessorizing Your Bridal Party
DB Accessories
Introducing Blueprint Registry
Gifts & Décor
Main Menu
Gifts & Decorations Homepage
Gifts
All Gifts
Bridesmaid Gifts
Bachelorette Party
Bride Gifts
Robes & Apparel
Parent Gifts
Groom Gifts
Groomsmen Gifts
Flower Girl Gifts
Ring Bearer Gifts
Totes & Cosmetic Cases
Personalized Gifts
Gifts for Newlyweds
Wedding Essentials
Ceremony Decorations
Reception Decorations
Wedding Decorations
Blueprint Registry
Favors
Cake Toppers
Flower Girl Baskets
Ring Bearer Pillows
Unity Ceremony
Guest Books
Wedding Signs
Personalized Decorations
Stationery
Invitations
Save the Dates
Thank You Cards
Wedding Programs
Place Cards
Menu Cards
Address Labels
Explore
Bridesmaid Gift Guide
Blueprint Registry
Wedding Favor Ideas
Wedding Party Gift Guide
Completing Your Day Guide
Wedding Gift Ideas
Engagement Gift Guide
Wedding Invitations
Wedding Flower Inspiration
Wedding Décor Guide
Ultimate Wedding Checklist
Shoes
Main Menu
Shoes Homepage
Shoes
All Shoes
Bridal Shoes
Flower Girl Shoes
Evening Shoes
Wide Width Shoes
Dyeable Shoes
Designer Shoes
Shop by Color
Silver
Rose Gold
Gold
Nude
Champagne
Ivory
White
Black
Shop by Style
Sandals
Pumps & Heels
Wedges
Ballet Flats
Comfort Shoes
Sneakers & Casual
Flip Flops
Block Heels
Explore
6 Must-Have Bridal Shoes
Dyeable Shoes Guide
Unconventional Bridal Shoes
Something Blue
DB Accessories
Ready to Ship
Main Menu
Ready to Ship
All Ready to Ship Dresses
Ready to Ship Wedding Dresses
Ready to Ship Bridesmaid Dresses
Ready to Ship Occasion Dresses
Sale
Main Menu
Sale Homepage
All Sale
All Sale
Sample Sale
Final Sale Outlet
Dresses
All Sale Dresses
Sale Wedding Dresses
Sale Bridesmaid Dresses
Sale Party Dresses
Sale Mother of the Bride
Sale Prom Dresses
Sale Flower Girl Dresses
Accessories
All Sale Accessories
Shoes
Veils
Hair Accessories
Lingerie
Jewelry
Jackets & Wraps
Belts & Sashes
Handbags
Wedding Decorations & Gifts
Explore
Hot Deals
Wedding Planning Guide
Budget Tips from Real Brides
How to Set a Wedding Budget
Your Ultimate Wedding Checklist
Savings From Our Partners
Diamond Loyalty Program
Real Weddings
DB OUTLET
Planning
Main Menu
Planning Toolkit
Start Planning
Wedding Planning
Toolkit
Wedding Vision Board
Wedding Checklist
Wedding Dress Quiz
Wedding Website by Blueprint
Wedding Registry by Blueprint
Inspiration & Guides
Rustic Wedding Chic
Blog
Plan & Save
All Plan & Save
Diamond Loyalty Program
Tuxedos
Photography
Gift Registry
Honeymoon & Travel
Beauty & Wellness
After the Wedding
Invitations
Save the Dates
Thank you Cards
Wedding Programs
Place Cards
Menu Cards
All Stationery
Stores
Order Status
Alterations
Tuxedos
Share Website Feedback
Sign Up  |  Login
HELP Your Account Creating Your Account Managing Your Account Email Sign Up Favorites Budget Planner To-Do List Order Status, Shipping& Handling Order Status Shipping & Handling As You Shop Your Shopping Bag Finding Your Size Catalogs Product Availability Changes, Returns& Exchanges Online Returns & Exchanges Online Changes & Cancellations Purchasing & Ordering Online Placing An Order Forms of Payments Taxes Promotions Invitations International Color Display Our Stores Store Locator, Directions & Hours Alterations & Store Services Ordering Dresses David's Bridal Credit Card Layaway Appointments Privacy, Security& Pricing Policies Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Technical Requirements Pricing & Availability Policy Error & Omission Company Information About Us David's Bridal Rewards Careers Fashion Shows Charitable Requests
Placing an Order
DavidsBridal.com features a variety of items available to purchase in our stores and/or online. "In Store Only" means the item is available at our 300+ stores nationwide. If the product is available for online purchase, color and size must be selected (if applicable). When a size is not listed, or the size box is light grey and unclickable, that size is not available in the selected color. Once you have selected your color and size, click the "Add to Cart" button to place the item in your Shopping Bag. If you have made your color and size selections and are still unable to add the item, it is currently out of stock and unavailable for purchase. Inventory is updated daily so please check back soon.
When you are ready, click "Checkout" in your Shopping Bag to place your order. You can easily update the quantity or remove items from your Shopping Bag. You will also have the opportunity to verify all information and make changes, if necessary, before placing your order. After you place your order, you will receive an order notification email with your 7-digit order number. When your merchandise ships from our warehouse facilities, you will receive a shipment notification email.
Our order fulfillment and shipping systems are designed to send orders quickly and efficiently. Processing begins as soon as an order has been placed, therefore we cannot change, cancel or modify orders once they have been confirmed. Note that this includes product changes as well as payment, shipping address and shipping method.
Return to top
Forms of Payment When you place your order, your credit card or debit card will be pre-authorized and the transaction amount will be kept in reserve by your financial institution. The amount will remain temporarily on hold until your order ships, at which time your card will be charged, unless you are purchasing a special order item*.
*Special Order Payment Policy:
If you are placing an order for a special order item, as indicated on the product detail page, cart and checkout, your form of payment will be charged at the time of order placement. You will be notified of this policy and asked to acknowledge our payment policy by checking a box upon checkout. The order will not be processed unless the payment policy is acknowledged.
DavidsBridal.com accepts the following credit cards and payment types:
David's Bridal Credit Card. Learn about the benefits of the DBCC American Express Discover MasterCard Visa Diners Club PayPal (Domestic orders only) Affirm
Return to top
Taxes
Sales tax is calculated during the checkout process and is based on existing local, state, and federal laws. For International orders, this includes applicable duties, taxes, and VAT as determined by the destination customs authority. Taxes will be specified in Checkout prior to submitting your order.
If you would like to make a tax exempt purchase, please send an email with your tax exempt ID number to customerservice@dbi.com.
Return to top
Promotions
David's Bridal offers many ways to save! To see all our current promotions, visit our Special Offers page. You can earn David's Bridal Partner Rewards when you purchase a wedding gown online or in stores. You will receive over $1000 in savings for future purchases at our national partners. Several offers can be redeemed in stores or online. See your Rewards booklet for details.
Promotional (promo) codes can easily be redeemed during the online checkout process. After adding items to your Shopping Bag, enter a valid promo code where prompted and you will see the discount applied to the applicable items.
For a list of current promotional codes, click the Promotions link in your Shopping Bag or see our Daily Deals page.
Certain restrictions may apply to items available for discount, as well as the combination of shipping and promotional offers.
There is a limit of one promotion code per item per order. (For example, a dollar discount promotional code cannot be combined with a free shipping promotional code) Promotions are issued with expiration dates, while supplies last. Promotion dates cannot be extended for individual customers. Dollar-off, percentage-off, and minimum purchase promotions are applied to the merchandise subtotal, before shipping charges and taxes have been applied. Promotions may have requirements and discounts based on specific products or product combinations, minimum purchases, or maximum discounts. All requirements must be met to receive your discount. If you return an item that was purchased with a promotion, you will be refunded only for the amount you paid (the price of the item less the promotion value). If items are returned or cancelled, this may change or void discounts applied to your original order if it causes the merchandise subtotal to fall below the minimum promotional requirements.
Return to top
Invitations
Shutterfly Invitations can be purchased at shutterfly.com/wedding. Please note that the Shutterfly invitations website has a separate shopping cart so you will not be able to combine items from shutterfly.com/wedding and DavidsBridal.com into a single cart. If you have questions on invitation orders, click here. Learn more about our Wedding Invitations.
Return to top
International
David's Bridal is pleased to offer international purchase and shipping for select online merchandise. You can identify this product by the designation "International Shipping Available" on the product detail page. To see pricing for your country and currency, click Change Region in the footer.
Can my order be delivered internationally?
Through our partnership with Borderfree, we are pleased to provide an enhanced international shopping experience for our customers in select countries, with support for many more coming soon. International shoppers now get the benefit of seeing product prices in their local currency, guaranteed order totals, cost-effective international shipping, and much more. For a list of available shipping countries and shopping currencies, please visit our International Landing Page.
How will I know how much my order will cost?
Just add items to your Shopping Bag and click Checkout. During checkout your total costs will calculate and guarantee the lowest possible order total in your preferred currency, including all shipping costs from the U.S. to your selected international destination, and any applicable duties, taxes, and VAT as determined by the destination customs authority. Exchange rates are checked and adjusted multiple times during a 24 hour period, so if you leave your Shopping Bag and return later to complete your transaction, the order total may change if the rate of exchange has changed.
Are there any additional costs that will be due upon receipt of my order?
No. When you checkout, you will be provided with a guaranteed order total in your preferred currency and can place your order with certainty. The order total presented will be the exact amount that you will be billed. There will never be any additional surprise costs billed upon delivery or due as C.O.D. charges.
What currencies do you accept?
For a list of available shipping countries and shopping currencies, please visit our International Landing Page.
I live in the U.S., can I ship an order internationally but pay in USD?
Yes, we support international shipping from the U.S. You will receive a guaranteed order total when you select shipping to the international destination. The order must be paid in USD using a U.S. credit card.
I don't live in the U.S., but would like to ship a package there. Can I?
Yes, you can shop on the David's Bridal site and use our domestic shipping option. When you enter the site, click "Shop U.S." on the bottom footer navigation, and the site will changed to the U.S. shipping site. Your currency will not be converted - it will remain in U.S. dollars (USD). Your shopping cart total will also remain in USD. Choose your domestic shipping method- Standard, Next Day or Express delivery- and click the "check out" button. You can use any supported credit card to complete your transaction.
What payment options do you accept?
Currently, we accept Visa and MasterCard payments. PayPal is not available as a payment option for international orders at this time.
What are my international delivery times?
The following estimated delivery time frames are based on express shipping:
Destination Delivery Promise
Canada 4 - 7 business days
Europe 5 - 11 business days
Central America 5 - 8 business days
Caribbean 5 - 11 business days
South America 5 - 12 business days
For a list of available shipping countries and shopping currencies, please visit our International Landing Page.
How much does international shipping cost?
International shipping is calculated based on a number of factors including the desired service level (Standard/Express), the number of items you are purchasing, the weight of the items and the destination country postal code. International shipping will be calculated and guaranteed during checkout based on the items you are purchasing and your shipping destination.
When am I billed?
Your credit card will be billed at the time your parcel(s) leave the U.S.
How much duty, customs tariffs, VAT and/or taxes are charged on international orders?
Duty, customs tariffs and Value Added Tax (VAT) are set by the destination country and determined based on a combination of the country of origin or manufacturing of the goods being purchased, and the classification of that merchandise in accordance with a harmonized system adopted and used by the countries that Borderfree supports. VAT rates are set by the destination country. You will be able to view the guaranteed total amount of applicable duty and tax/VAT for your order within International Checkout.
Are there any items that cannot ship to my country because they are restricted?
Due to size and customs restrictions some items available for sale in the U.S. are not available for international shipment; consequently you may see items on our site that note "This product is not eligible for international delivery", these items may not be purchased or shipped to international customers. During checkout we may remove an item from your shopping bag if we cannot fulfill that item to the specified shipping destination. If there are any items that cannot be exported from the U.S. and/or imported into your destination country selection, our partner Borderfree will notify you during the Global Checkout process.
How will the purchase appear on my credit card statement?
Your credit card will be billed by Borderfree, Inc. and your credit card statement will read "BF*DAVIDS BRIDAL" where BF denotes the Borderfree network.
Who will I contact if I have questions relating to my order after I have made a purchase?
Please contact us at ICustomerService@dbi.com and we will gladly assist you with any questions relating to your international order. To expedite your request please include:
Your Name
Your Order Number
The items in your order
Please phrase your comment or question in English.
What is your return policy for international orders?
We want you to be completely satisfied with your online purchase. Should you need to return an item, please review the complete details of our return policy below to determine if any special conditions apply. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us to request a Return Merchandise Authorization Number (RMA#).
Send an email within 14 calendar days of receipt of your package to: ICustomerService@dbi.com. Please include the following information in your email:
Name
Address
Order number
The item number(s) and reason for return
Please phrase this email in English.
We will provide you with an email that contains information on where returns should be shipped, the amount you will be refunded, and the return package instructions.
Our partner Borderfree will provide you with a refund of the original eligible merchandise price and any duties, taxes and/or VAT originally paid on the returning item, in the same currency and using the same exchange rate as your original order. Shipping and handling fees will not be refunded. You will pay for shipping the returned item(s) to an international hub. Additional shipping and handling fees will apply to ship the return back to the U.S.; these charges will be deducted from the return amount.
Returns will not be accepted without an RMA #. RMA Numbers will expire 14 calendar days after you receive your return Merchandise Authorization email. The item will not be accepted if it is returned after that time. Your RMA confirmation will include the address where you should ship your return.
To ensure your return is quickly processed, we ask you to do the following:
Securely pack all the items you are returning in a single parcel and ship to the address provided in your Return Merchandise Authorization email.
Include a copy of the Return Merchandise Authorization email in your parcel.
Write your return merchandise Authorization number on the outside of the parcel.
For your protection, please send your return prepaid via a shipping carrier that offers parcel tracking such as Federal Express, DHL or UPS. Please be sure to keep your receipt. We cannot guarantee refunds for returns sent via a non-trackable method.
Credits are processed upon verification of the return. You will receive an email when your credit has been processed. Please allow up to two billing cycles for the return credit to appear on your credit card statement.
What items cannot be returned?
Personalized and dyed items are final sale, no returns, no exchanges.
Outlet items are final sale, no returns, no exchanges.
Perishables, earrings, and personal care items are final sale, no returns, no exchanges.
Defective, Damaged or Mis-shipped Items For defective, damaged or mis-shipped items (item shipped was not item ordered), you will receive a refund for the purchase price plus shipping and handling fees.
Conditions for Return and Credit
Returned merchandise must be in new condition. If you are returning a product listed below, please check to make sure your return meets the conditions described.
Dresses and Accessories - Must be in original condition - unworn, unwashed, unaltered, undamaged, clean and free of lint and hair - and must have the tags intact and still attached. If the product is defective, please provide a detailed explanation in the return package.
Books - Must be in their original condition.
Do you have retail stores internationally?
We have retail stores in Canada (www.davidsbridal.ca) and the UK (www.davidsbridal.co.uk). To learn more, visit our Canada and UK websites or see our International Locations.
How do I find international pricing?
David's Bridal international retail prices, promotions, and product may vary by country. To shop online, click on the "Change Region" link in the footer, select Country and Currency then click "Proceed to Home Page." International shoppers who visit davidsbridal.com will see items available for online international purchase shown in their selected currency. The total international purchase price including additional charges for shipping, duty and taxes will be reflected during checkout. Items not eligible for international purchase online are displayed in US dollars and reflect US retail prices - please keep in mind retail prices may vary by country.
Return to top
Color Display
Because settings on individual computers vary, it is often hard for us to show the exact color(s) of each item. All images have been optimized to look their best on a variety of different platforms, browsers and monitors. If possible, it is always a good idea to view the color in person. Color swatches are available for purchase at davidsbridal.com or your local David's Bridal store.
Return to top