http://www.digitalframesdirect.com/privacy-policy
Close
We use cookies to improve your shopping experience. To give your consent, carry on shopping, or change your cookie preferences here.
We're still open!
We've got plenty of stock, and we're delivering as usual!
Home
Privacy Policy
D F Sales Limited t/a Digital Frames Direct is a limited partnership registered in England and Wales with registration number 05700537 and whose registered office is at 5a Babdown Airfield, Babdown, Tetbury, Gloucestershire, United Kingdom, GL8 8YL. Digital Frames Direct (We) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/ (Digital Frames Direct) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
We may collect and process the following data about you: Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/ (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, subscribe to our newsletter, search for a product, place an order on our site and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit or debit card information. Credit or debit card information is not stored but all other order information is retained to allow Digital Frames Direct to process orders, provide post-sale customer service and for warranty purposes. When signing up to our newsletter without placing an order we require your name and email address, for more information on how this data is used please visit the HOW IS COLLECTED INFORMATION USED? section.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number. This data is used to improve the customers shopping experience on the website.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
ARE COOKIES USED?
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and to enhance customer experience. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them please visit our Cookie page at https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/cookies.
HOW IS COLLECTED INFORMATION USED?
Information you give to us: We will use this information:
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us, including processing your order and sending you periodic emails regarding your order;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about if you elect to sign up to our newsletter;
Information we collect about you: We will use this information:
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to assist with completion of the transaction;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
HOW IS COLLECTED INFORMATION STORED AND PROTECTED?
All information you provide to us is stored on our secured server and payment transactions are encrypted over an SSL secured connection. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. We will not hold your data for any longer than is necessary.
WHAT INFORMATION IS SHARED?
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006. This includes your name, address, email address and order details if one has been placed. Under no circumstances are any credit or debit card details shared. We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Digital Frames Direct or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of supply (https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/terms-conditions) and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Digital Frames Direct, our customers, or others.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us on the details on our contact page https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/contact-us.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our websites provides links to third-party websites such as social media accounts. Our site may also, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. These websites may not be governed by Digital Frames Direct and may therefore have different privacy and security policies. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
EMAILS
Our website will only ever send you emails that are directly relating to your order and are of genuine interest. You will only receive direct marketing emails from us if you’ve signed up to our newsletter list.
You may receive emails relating to your cart should you not finish the checkout process, these are a genuine attempt to get you back on track with your order - they can be stopped at any time by clicking the opt-out link in the footer, or will be stopped automatically when you complete your order. In either of these instances emails will be stopped immediately.
In the 7-30 days following you completing your order with us you may receive an email requesting feedback on the product you ordered/service we provided. These help us improve our services and provide improvements to our site for others. These are not marketing emails and your email is not added to any other mailing list.
Google Analytics This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://privacy.google.com/ Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by "gat._anonymizeIp();" to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
Hotjar This website uses Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar's privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar's storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar's use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Zopim This website uses Zopim, a live chat service provided by Zendesk, Inc. (Zendesk) to give our users instant access to talk to a member of our customer service team. For further details on their privacy policy and terms and conditions, follow this link https://www.zendesk.co.uk/company/customers-partners/.
Couriers This website will pass on only the necessary information needed for our couriers to fulfil the order. This is in most cases the following: name, address, telephone number, email. Our couriers store this information on their secure servers in order to track and receive your delivery. The type or size of order you place will determine which courier is used.
Payment Providers If you proceed to the payment stages of this website we will share information with the payment provider you select. This will only be required to fulfil your order and will not be used for any other purposes.
Third Party Servers Information may be stored on servers hosted by third parties. This information is encrypted, only accessible to ourselves and does not get passed on or used by these third party services.
Third Party Order Management Software We use a third party order management software in order to process your order efficiently. The information contained within your order will be stored on this software, which is hosted by the third party software provider. The information is stored on secure servers and is only ever used for order processing reasons.
Third Party Email Ticketing Software We use a third party email ticketing software, when emailing us the information contained within the email may be stored on the email softwares servers. This information is stored on their secure servers and is only ever used by ourselves for customer service in relation to your order or query.
Third Party Fulfilment
In some cases products may be fulfilled by a third party company and your order details get passed on to them. Your information won't be used for marketing purposes by them.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
Under the applicable data protection legislation, you have the right to access information held about you. This can be done by contacting us on 0117 330 2277, emailing us or filling in our contact us form here. All requests will be processed and complete within 28 days.
Removal of data You have the right to delete any data we hold on you at any point. Simply get in contact with us by phone on 0117 330 2277, emailing us, or via our contact form here. We’ll get back in touch with you to confirm your details and what data you want us to remove. Be advised that the deletion of data may result in you not being able to track your order, view past orders and query previous orders with us. All requests will be processed and complete within 28 days.
How do you protect the information you hold about me on your internal systems? We protect your privacy in several ways: Access customer account information is limited to those who need access for the performance of their job. Confidentiality and database access controls are reviewed periodically and updated as required to further protect your personal data. If for any reason you are unsure about the personal information we hold or have found some inaccuracies or if you have changed your information, please contact us. We will happily review your file and update the records if required. You can call us on 0117 330 2277 or fill in our contact us form here.
What do I do if I receive your newsletter when I didn't request it? If you do not wish to receive information from us, you can call us on 0117 330 2277 or fill in our contact us form here. Alternatively, at the bottom of the newsletter you received you are also able to unsubscribe from here, this may take up to 7 days to process. It may be we have received your details by mistake.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. When edited in any way the date at the bottom of this page will be updated. It is therefore advised to frequently check this page for any changes.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please use the following page to contact us https://www.digitalframesdirect.com/contact-us/.
Date last updated: 23/05/2018
×