https://www.touchofclass.com/privacy-security/a/1/
Home Bedding
Back All Bedding Holiday Bedding Comforters Bedspreads Quilts and Coverlets Bed Sets Under $150 Daybed Covers Chenille and Matelasse Sheets and Pillowcases Bedskirts and Accessories Blankets Down and Basic Bedding Wall Teesters Bed Crowns Shop By Brand Name Exclusive Bedding New Bedding Arrivals Free Ship Bedding Buy and Save Bedding Bedding Deals
Window
Back All Window Holiday Window Treatments Lace Curtains Sheer Window Treatments Tier Window Treatments Curtains and Drapes Thermal and Blackout Curtains Patio Door Curtain Panels Valances Shades and Blinds Decorative Rods and Tiebacks Outdoor Curtains Window Accents Exclusive Window Decor New Window Arrivals Free Ship Window Treatments Window Deals Clearance Window Decor
Bath
Back All Bath Holiday Bath Accents Bath Accessories Decorative Toilet Seats Shower Curtains and Hooks Bath Towels Bath Rugs and Lid Covers Vanity Chairs Vanity Accessories Bath Furniture Bath Wall Accents Functional Bath Accents Bathroom Wall Mirrors Bath Solutions Exclusive Bath Decor New Bath Arrivals Free Ship Bath Accents Bath Deals
Rugs
Back All Rugs Holiday Rugs and Mats Serena II Aubusson Rug Collection Aubusson Rugs Flower Shaped Rugs Floral Rugs Contemporary Rugs Favorite Theme Rugs Traditional Rugs Tropical Rugs Southwest Rugs Rug Runners Round Rugs Rug Pads Dining and Kitchen Rugs Kitchen Floor Mats Cushioned Floor Mats Accent Rugs Outdoor and Patio Rugs Decorative Utility Mats Exclusive Area Rugs New Area Rug Arrivals Free Ship Area Rugs Rugs Deals
Wall Decor
Back All Wall Decor Wall Mirrors Door Toppers and Wall Ornaments Decorative Plates and Racks Wall Sconces Wall Plaques Switchplates Decorative Wall Shelves Wall Clocks Wall Organization Floral Wreaths and Wall Pockets Wall Photo Frames Exclusive Wall Decor New Wall Decor Arrivals Free Ship Wall Decor Wall Decor Deals Clearance Wall Decor
Art
Back All Art Personalized Wall Art Metal Wall Sculptures Wall Art Canvas Wall Art Wall Tapestries Wall Plaque Art Framed Art Prints Wall Grilles Exclusive Art New Art Arrivals Free Ship Wall Art Art Deals Clearance Art
Home Accents
Back All Home Accents Table Lamps & Lighting Decorative Table Linens Decorative Pillows & Throws Home Organizers Table Centerpieces Boxes & Trays Candleholders Decorative Candles & Lanterns Vases and Jars Vase and Bowl Filler Table Sculptures & Figurines Decorative Table
Accents Fireplace Screens & Accessories Outdoor & Patio Accents Exclusive Home Accents New Home Accent Arrivals Free Ship Home Accents Home Accent Deals Clearance Home Accents
Kitchen
Back All Kitchen Holiday Kitchen Table Linens & Chair Cushions Serving Essentials Kitchen Essentials Wine Essentials Kitchen Accents Kitchen Window Treatments Dining and Kitchen Rugs Kitchen Floor Mats Kitchen Wall Decor Kitchen and Dining Furniture Kitchen Decorating Themes Exclusive Kitchen Accents New Kitchen Accents Free Ship Kitchen Accents Kitchen Deals
Furniture
Back All Furniture Furniture Covers | Slipcovers Accent Tables Accent Furniture Seating Furniture Bedroom Furniture Home Office Furniture Kitchen and Dining Furniture TV Consoles & Media Storage Storage Furniture Entryway Furniture Corner Furniture Exclusive Furniture New Furniture Arrivals Free Ship Furniture Furniture Deals Clearance Furniture
Clearance
Back All Clearance New Clearance Clearance Art Clearance Home Accents Clearance Wall Decor Clearance Furniture Clearance Bedding Clearance Window Decor Clearance Area Rugs Clearance Bath Decor Clearance Kitchen Accessories Clearance Outdoor Decor Clearance Seasonal Decor Clearance 50% Off Clearance 60% Off Clearance 70% Off
Free Shipping Decorating Styles New Catalog Christmas Deals Odds & Ends
Home Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security Your Privacy Rights Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, email address, telephone number, email address, transaction information, credit card information and date of birth, as well as information you provide to us about other persons) when you:
• Place an order with us for yourself or as a gift
• Create or maintain an account
• Return an item or make an exchange
• Inquire about our products or services
• Request a catalog
• Receive a gift package
• Create an account
• Receive email promotions
• Enter a contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion
• Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
• Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
• Activities similar to the above
We maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We may combine this information with data that is publicly available, as well as data that we receive from other sources, including from mailing lists and other information obtained from third parties.
We also gather information about how you navigate through our Web site or advertisements, including content served by us or on our behalf on other web sites. This includes information gathered with "cookies" and/or other online tools such as "pixel tags" which may enable us to re-market to website visitors whether or not they give us their personally identifiable information. As technology evolves, we may use similar tools to measure such activity.
More information about cookies and pixel tags is provided below.
We may also use these tools to collect data about our email promotions.
For example, we may receive a confirmation when you open email from us.
We may also contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf.
Using Information We Collect
We always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you've requested, as well as to provide you with promotions that are most likely to be of interest to you.
To do this, we collect information that allows us to:
• Process and track your order
• Provide the services you request
• Contact you about the status of an order
• Send you catalogs or promotional offers
• Send you email updates
• Identify your product and service preferences
• Customize our communications to you
• Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
• Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
• Better fraud prevention or detection
Information We Share with Others
We contract with other companies that provide services in the following categories: shipping, name, address, email address, and/or telephone number verification, email distribution, market research, promotions management and payment processing. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected.
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes and from sharing this information with anyone other than us.
From time to time, we make your contact information available for marketing to reputable retailers whose products we believe will be of interest to you.
As explained below, if you prefer that we do not share information with these companies, please contact us by email, telephone, or mail using the contact information below and we well honor your request.
We may also disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so.
We may also disclose such information where we believe it is reasonably necessary to protect us, our customers, and others from financial or physical harm.
We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation, but we do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
Our business might be also purchased or sold.
In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, but remains subject to the promises made in our privacy policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
Your Privacy Rights:
Respecting Your Choices
We offer you choices about the information you receive from us.
If you prefer not to receive catalogs or marketing emails from us, or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us by phone, email, or mail using the contact information below and we will honor your requests.
You can also unsubscribe from our marketing emails using the link provided in each marketing email we send.
We also offer you a choice about whether we share your personally identifiable information with others for their direct marketing uses.
If you prefer that we not do so, please let us know and we will honor your request.
Our company and trusted third parties also may share with one another anonymous versions of user information collected at this site.
We may use that information to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes.
Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable information.
While our website does not recognize a browser’s “do not track” setting, you do have choices about behavioral advertising. If you would like to opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may do so by visiting http://networkadvertising.org/choices.
The following is our designated contact information for communications regarding these choices:
Touch of Class
709 West 12th Street
Huntingburg, IN 47542-8915
We can also be reached via email at service@touchofclass.com
or by telephone at 812-683-3707 or 800-457-7456.
With regard to catalogs and catalog mailings, please be sure to provide us your exact name and address, or the mailing label from your catalog, so that we can be sure to identify you correctly.
Because promotions are planned in advance, it may take a reasonable time for your requests to become effective. If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
Reviewing and Updating Your Information
Upon request we can also provide site visitors with access to transaction information and contact information that we maintain about them and the ability to correct certain errors in that information. Some of this information and the ability to correct it may be available online to account holders.
Please contact us for more details.
Information About Cookies and Pixel Tags
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you.
For example, we use cookies to:
• Remember what items are in your cart
• Recognize you when you return to our Web site
• Study how our visitors navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site or web searches
Pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site.
Pixel tags also enable us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites to enhance the functionality and shopping experience. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies.
For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
Security
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information we collect and maintain. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of that data.
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
Notice of Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, and will notify of changes by posting the revised policy to our website. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Information we collect from you will be used in accordance with the privacy policy in effect at the time the information was collected.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us.
If you feel that this site is in any way not following its stated information policy, we also urge you to contact us so that we can address your concerns promptly.
We hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third-party regarding our privacy practices, you may email the Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at ethics@the-dma.org. The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing.
Effective Date
This policy is effective as of June 30, 2020. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and how to exercise them.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you. The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected. The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information. The purposes for which the categories of personal information we collected will be used. The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable request using one of the following methods:
Call us at 800-457-7456 Email us at service@touchofclass.com Write to us at: Touch of Class; Request for Removal/Request for Disclosure; 709 W 12 St Huntingburg, IN 47542
Please include contact information – name, mailing address, email address, phone number, so that we may acknowledge receipt, verify their request, and provide confirmation.
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a 12-month period, without charge. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt. The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
If you wish to opt–out of the sale of personal information, please use the following link: service@touchofclass.com . If exercised, the decision to opt–out will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services. Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.