http://www.childrenboutique.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
$€£$
en
Shopping Cart
Your cart is empty
Welcome visitor! You can login or create an account.
My Account
View Cart
Checkout
MENU
Shop By Occasion
New Arrivals
Baby
Baptism/Christening
Birthday
Communion
Holiday
Wedding
Brother/Sister Outfits
Party
Pageant
Shop Baby
Coming Home Layette
Infant Flower Girl Dresses
Baby Party Dresses
Baby Spring Dresses
Baby Holiday Dresses
Christening Gowns/Outfits
Baby Boy Formal Wear
Brother/Sister Outfits
Baby Booties
1st Birthday
Baby Accessories
Shop Girls
Baby Girl Dresses
Girls Christening Gowns
Girls Communion Dresses
Girls Party Dresses
Girls Holiday Dresses
Girls Spring Dresses
Matching Doll Dresses
Flower Girl Dresses
Girls Birthday Outfits
Girls Pageant Dresses
Girl's Accessories
Shop Boys
Baby Boy Formal Wear
Boys Christening Outfits
Boys Communion Suits
Boys Tuxedos
Boys Ring Bearer Suits
Boys Vest & Pant Set
Boys Blazers/Vests/Shirts/Pants
Boy Holiday Formal Wear
Boys Eton Suits w/Shorts
Boy's Accessories
Shop Accessories
Baptism Blankets/Bibs
First Communion Veils
Tiara's
Floral Hair Crowns
Hair Accessories
Purses
Baskets & Pillows
Jewelry
Gloves
Capes/Boleros
Girls Outerwear
Cardigan Sweaters
Petticoats
Baby Booties
Shoes
Sashes
Garment Storage Bags
Butterfly Dress Up Wings
New Arrivals
Helpful Links
Blog
Testimonials
Sizing Chart
Measuring Guides
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Weekly DEAL
CLEARANCE
Categories
Shop By Occasion
Shop Baby
Shop Girls
Shop Boys
Shop Accessories
New Arrivals
Helpful Links
Weekly DEAL
CLEARANCE
Testimonials
Absolutley Excellent Service!I would like you to know how beautiful my grandaughter looks in her dress....Read More
New Products
Adorable Floral...Retail Price: $31.78Our Price: $14.99You Save: $16.79  (53%) Adorable Floral...Retail Price: $29.98Our Price: $14.99You Save: $14.99  (50%) Adorable Floral...Retail Price: $29.98Our Price: $14.99You Save: $14.99  (50%)
Reviews
The Bella dress is perfect! We...
Featured
Flocked Tulle Dress...Retail Price: $89.02Our Price: $41.99You Save: $47.03  (53%)Floral Holiday DressRetail Price: $108.10Our Price: $50.99You Save: $57.11  (53%)
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
For your protection, our web site uses 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption, which will automatically initiate a secure session with your browser before any order or personal information is sent over the Internet. This ensures that your credit card information travels across the Internet securely.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Children's Boutique for Credit Card Payments, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We will not use or disclose your personal information except: (1) as described in this Privacy Policy; (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure; (3) if it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to our company , or to others; (4) if we are required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request (such as a court order, search warrant, subpoena, civil discovery request, or statutory requirement); or, (5) as we otherwise believe is required by law.
Security of Our Site
We maintain security procedures designed to keep information we own, license and process from being accessed by any unauthorized person or business. We use a variety of multi-level security systems to control access to our systems and the data that we house. Our enterprise security operations center maintains real-time monitoring for information system vulnerabilities and unauthorized access attempts into our internal systems. We also maintain physical security for our facilities and limit access to certain critical areas of our business.
We take reasonable precautions to ensure our security procedures are adequate for the protection of our computer systems and data, but this does not eliminate the possibility that our security will be breached. If a security breach causes the leadership to believe individual consumers are at actual risk for identity theft or other fraudulent activities that may cause substantial harm or inconvenience to consumers or if such breach otherwise requires public notification, They will post a security alert notice on our website that will provide relevant information for consumers to consider to protect against fraudulent and other harmful actions that may result from the unauthorized access.
Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. Accordingly, we disclaim liability for any theft, loss, or interception of, or any unauthorized access or damage to any data or communications. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Anyone with access to the email address and password you use to create an account with us can obtain access to the personal information you have provided to us. We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not share it with anyone. Always sign out from your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit to our Site. This ensures that others cannot access your account, which is especially important if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.
Ordering
Ordering Online with us is safe and secure!  We employ a method of interaction with our visitors that does not compromise credit card information. Our site is secured via SSL and is 100% secure. Payment is seamless, checkout all at once if you are buying from the main website or one of our brand stores. All you need is to sign-in once and you are able to buy at any products hosted across our brand.
Payment, Pricing & Promotions
Goods and services are charged at price shown on the product pages on the date the customer places the order. Prices are correct at time of publication. Orders will be processed at our published prices, otherwise, in the case of any unexpected change in price, you will be informed and asked if you wish to reconsider your order before proceeding.
We Accept:
Visa
MasterCard
Discover
American Express
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged once you have completed the checkout process. If you are paying with a debit card, please verify with your bank if there are limitations on daily withdrawal amounts on your card.  If necessary, we will contact you by e-mail or telephone to verify order.
What if my credit card is denied?
You will receive an error message immediately if there is a problem with processing your credit card. You'll have the opportunity to enter a new card number if this happens.  If you need help please call us while you are having issues at 855.855.4080 or 586.566.2228.
What currencies are stated on this website?
All prices stated within this website are default to US, and show CA , Euro, and British Pounds as conversion
Gift Cards & Certificates?
At times we may introduce discount, promotions, or gifts to be usable at store-wide unless otherwise stated herein. We may send you an email of upcoming promotions or newsletters.
Viewing Orders
When you Placed your order successfully, our store system will send an email to you , including the items you ordered, shipping method chosen, payment method you used, etc... If you checkout by a registering as a member, you can log into your account by using the My Acocunt or Login links at the top of the page.
Order status messages
Commonly used order statuses include:
Pending  - We've received your order and are processing it. If you need to cancel or change items in your order, read the Cancel Items or Order or the Modify Items.
Complete - We've complete all provisioning steps of your account.
Updating Account Information
If you would like to update your e-mail address, password, name, shipping address or any other information associated with your account you can do so by logging into your account and using the menu on the left-hand side.
About Us
Children's Boutique sells quality children's formal wear at affordable prices. Selection includes tuxedos, flower girl dresses, communion dresses, christening gowns, pageant wear, and special occasion dresses. We also stock crowns, veils, gloves, hair accessories, bridal baskets, pillows and purses. All accessories are made in the USA.
Contact Us
Children's Boutique Address 1Address 2, FL USA 33180 123.456.7891123.456.7891
Contact Us
Twitter Feed
Tweets by @ChildrenBoutiq
Facebook
Follow Us : Children's Boutique
Children's Boutique Upfront :
Information
About UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of Use
Customer Service
Contact UsGift Certificate FAQSite MapDiscount Coupons
My Account
My AccountQuick Re-OrderMy WishlistNewsletter Unsubscribe
Extras
Blog
Sizing Chart
Measuring Guide
New Arrivals
Copyright © 2000-2020 Children's Boutique.