https://www.hificables.co.uk/privacy
This website uses cookies. Close or learn more.
Cookies: Privacy Info - Close
Shop Categories
Home
Video Interconnects
HDMI Cables
AudioQuest
Fisual
QED
Wireworld
Shorter Lengths (0.3m To 2m)
Longer Lengths (7m to 20m)
Flat & Low Profile
HDMI Mini
Monitors & Legacy
Component Video Cables
Display Port Cables
DVI & HDMI
Scart Cables
VGA Cables
TV Aerial Cables
Satellite Coax & F-Connectors
TV Aerial Coax Male & Female
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Audio Interconnects
Interconnects By Brand
Audioquest
Black Rhodium
Fisual
Ixos
QED
Rothwell
Supra
Wireworld
Interconnects By Type
3.5mm Jack to Jack
3.5mm Jack To Phono / RCA
3.5mm Jack To Socket
Apple & Mobile Devices
Digital Coaxial
Digital Optical
Stereo Phono / RCA
Subwoofer
Tonearm
XLR / DIN Cables
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Speaker Cable
Speaker Cable By Brand
AudioQuest
Black Rhodium
Fisual
QED
Supra
Wireworld
Bi-Wire (Four Core)
Discrete & Low Profile
Flat
Miniature
Standard (Two Core)
Installation & Building
Jumpers & Terminal Links
Speaker Terminations
Banana Plugs
Spades
Speaker Wall Plates
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Assorted Use Cables
Power & Mains
Power Cables
TV Aerial & Satellite
Satellite Coax & F-Connectors
TV Aerial Coax Male & Female
Computer & Gaming
Console Cables
Ethernet & Cat5 / Cat6
USB Cables
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Switches & Adapters
HDMI Accessories
HDMI Adapters
Switching Units
Speaker Switches
Adapters & Couplers
Signal Splitters
Audio Converters
Video Adapters
Couplers
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Accessories
Cable Management
Ties & Tidies
Cleaning & Care Products
Smartphone / Tablet Accessories
Wall Plates & Cable Termination
Audio Wall Plates
HDMI Wall Plates
Volume Control
Media Streaming
System Tweaks & Upgrades
Spikes & Equipment Isolation
Not sure what you need? Contact us to help you decide.
Home
Privacy Notice and Cookies
Home
Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy
Introduction
This website is operated by AV Distribution Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales (05385699) with our registered office at Unit 4 The Sidings, New Line Industrial Estate, Bacup, Lancashire, OL13 9RW. We are the “data controller” for information you supply to us via this website. AV Distribution Ltd is registered with the UK’s Information Commissioner under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Comments, questions or complaints regarding this notice can be addressed to:
AV Distribution Ltd
Unit 4 The Sidings
New Line Industrial Estate
Bacup
OL13 9RW
We are committed to safeguarding the information you provide to us via this website, or other means. This notice describes the ways in which we use this information.
Our website contains links to external third party sites. We do not control these websites and you are encouraged to review the privacy notices of these third parties.
Information Collected
Accounts and Orders
When you open an account with us, or place any order, we collect certain information via forms, including your name, address and contact information and products ordered or returned.
We do not store complete payment card or bank account information, but our payment processor, finance partner and merchant bank do so where required.
Product Reviews
If you provide a review on our website, and choose not to remain anonymous, your name and location will be stored along with your review score and content.
Electronic Marketing
If you express an interest in receiving marketing material from us, we will collect your email address for this purpose. You can opt-out at any time from your account. Opting out only affects marketing emails, not order or service related contact. Emails queued before you opt-out may still arrive for up to 14 days.
General Enquiries
If you contact us by phone, live chat or email, we may store information regarding your enquiry.
Analytics
We collect information on each individual's usage of this website, including pages visited.
We also use Google Analytics to collect anonymised usage data. You can read more about your privacy options for Google Analytics here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Information From Other Sources
We may receive data from you, or about you, for reasons other than providing goods and services. For example if you apply for a job, or are recorded on our CCTV system.
Use of Your Information
We use your information for the following purposes:
Provision of Goods and Services
To personalise your access to this website
To process and deliver your orders
To keep you updated
To ask for your feedback
Management of Customers
To update our records
To process returns and refunds
To handle warranty and other claims
To respond to questions and complaints from you
To resolve defects in orders
Marketing
To send you marketing emails
To send you postal information
Staff Recruitment and Training
To select new employees
To train new and existing employees
To update our records
Statistical
To help us anticipate customer demand and manage stock levels
Legal Obligations
To maintain records for tax and auditing purposes
To comply with any law, regulation or court order
Security
To prevent and detect fraud
To report crime
To secure your account and orders
To secure our website and premises
Other
For any other purpose to which you have agreed
Disclosure to Third Parties
Information you provide to us will be disclosed to third parties for the following reasons:
To process payments or credit applications
To deliver goods or services to you
To deliver emails to you
For warranty or other service registration and processing
Where required to answer any enquiry made by you
For crime and fraud prevention, detection and reporting
Where required by law or court order
For any other purpose to which you have agreed
These third parties be may be our employees, subcontractors, suppliers, agents or other service providers.
Each third party will apply their own privacy policy to your data. Some of these can be found below.
Mailchimp.com Privacy
Automated Decision Making
Our finance partner may rely on automated decision making when processing a credit application started via this website. Please review their privacy notice for more details: https://www.closeretailfinance.co.uk/privacy-notice
This website may reject orders where you provide incomplete information, or where our systems, our payment processors or finance partner suspect fraud.
Additional post-order fraud checks will also be applied where appropriate, which may result in your order being cancelled after completion.
Security
We will take all reasonable steps to secure your information against loss, unauthorised access or alteration.
The information we collect is only stored inside the EU or with a parner who is compliant with the Privacy Shield framework.
Data Retention
We will store data provided by you for as long as is necessary to provide you with service, to comply with any regulation or tax requirement, or to defend any potential claim.
We will maintain a record of your account with us for six years since your last login, as well as any related orders. If you log into your account at least once every six years, your order history will be maintained indefinitely. Orders not linked to any account, or previously linked to a deleted account, are deleted after six years.
Email addresses collected for stock reminders are deleted immediately after a notification is sent or after six months, whichever occurs first.
If you no longer wish us to retain your account information, you can request immediate deletion from within your account.
Your Rights
You have rights under the Data Protection Act. These include the rights to:
Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected
Object to us processing data about you
Withdraw consent at any time, for processing where we rely on such consent
Make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office
https://ico.org.uk/
Changes to this Notice
This notice may be updated from time to time. The last date of revision was 15th October 2020.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by your web browser at the request of websites you visit. They store information so that the next time you load a page on this site, or the next time you visit, the current state of your visit is known.
For example we use a cookie to uniquely identify your browser to our site, so that the items you add to basket are saved throughout your visit.
You may choose to disable cookies via your browser for some or all sites, though you should note by doing so you may find websites that you regularly visit become partially or completely unusable.
If you choose to access our site and have cookies enabled we will assume your implied consent to set cookies via your browser.
Summary of Cookies Set
Name
Purpose
uS
Our primary session cookie, which enables the core functions of our website, such as tracking the contents of your basket, or logging you into you account
responsive
Allows us to detect if you have requested a desktop or mobile version of our site.
ccseen
Allows us to detect if you have previously seen our cookie message on arrival to our website.
_utma, _utmz... (etc), _ga, _gid
Set by Google as part of their Analytics tools, these cookies are used to gather anonymous statistics such as the number of visitors to a page or the keywords used to find our site. This information is then used to improve our service and site.
awin
Set by us to let us know that you arrived via an advertiser to our site.
Free Delivery
To most mainland UK addresses.
Custom Cable Workshop
Hand assembled to order on our UK premises
Newsletter
Grab the latest offers, subscribe today.