https://www.bowlingconcepts.com/privacy-policy
My Account
You have
0 items
in your cart
Checkout
Total: $0.00
877-295-7848
Free Shippingsitewide - limited time only
Skip to Main Content »
Search Site
Category Navigation:
Mens
Retro Bowling Shirts
Polo Shirts
Camp Shirts
T-shirts
RUSH Order Custom Shirts
Towels & Bags
Clearance
Retro Button Up
Polo Shirts
T-shirts
Womens
Retro Shirts
Polo Shirts
T-Shirts
Rush Order Custom Shirts
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAY SALE
THEMES
Bowling Shirts
Jazz Shirts
Darts Shirts
Billiard Shirts
Poker Shirts
Cigar Shirts
Rockabilly Shirts
Hot Rod Shirts
Camp Shirts
Tiki Shirts
Pin Up Shirts
Skull Shirts
Flame Shirts
CUSTOM SHIRTS
Charlie Sheen Shirts
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Our Security Pledge The Bowling Concepts LLC Security Pledge protects you while you shop at Bowling Concepts LLC so that you never have to worry about credit card safety. We guarantee that every transaction you make at Bowling Concepts LLC will be safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at Bowling Concepts LLC. Bowling Concepts LLC' servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with Netscape, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL's browser, so that only Bowling Concepts LLC can read a buyer's personal information.
Shopping online at Bowling Concepts LLC is statistically safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store. Technical experts point out that online purchases without human intervention are far safer than traditional credit card transactions because the information is immediately encrypted into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer. You will join millions of other customers who have safely shopped over the Internet. We're certain after successfully shopping online at Bowling Concepts LLC, you will be on your way to appreciating the power, convenience, and security of shopping from home.
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting BowlingConcepts.com. We are committed
to ensuring that the personal information you share with us
remains secure and private. To show our commitment, we have
developed a privacy policy outlined here. If you have any questions
about this policy, or the content or practices of our website,
you can contact Bowling Concepts LLC directly via email or by
writing to us at:
Bowling Concepts LLC 211 Pauline Dr.
#206 York, PA 17402
Opt-Out Choices
You may at anytime request to be removed from our mailing list
by using the following choices. E-Mail : customerservice@bowlingconcepts.com Phone : 1.877.295.7848
Collection of Personal Information and Use
We collect personal information only when you place an order,
request a service or ask for information. Depending on the service
you use, the type and amount of personal information collected
will vary. The manner in which we use the data will be explained
later in this policy. We do not share, sell, rent or barter
any identifiable personal information to any third party without
your permission. Our site may contain links to bowling other sites.
Bowling Concepts LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices
or the content of other websites.
* Placing Orders When you place an order, you will be asked to provide your name,
billing address, phone number, e-mail address, and your credit
card number and its expiration date. We use this information
only to process, confirm and ship your order.
* Using Other Services When you request information, submit comments, or ask questions
via e-mail, we may request your name and e-mail address. We
use this information solely to respond to your inquiries, unless
you specifically request to be added to our mailing list.
When you enter an online contest or other promotion, we may
ask for your name, address, or e-mail address so we can administer
the contest and notify winners. Also, as part of a promotion
or contest, we may ask you to complete a customer survey to
learn more about your shopping preferences. Bowling Concepts LLC
will not collect any personal information about you except when
you specifically and knowingly provide such information.
If you request to be on our mailing list, you may receive communications
via email or postal mail about our products, services, or contests,
and promotions that may be of interest to you. Also, from time
to time we may request information from you via email or postal
mail to help us learn more about your shopping preferences,
help us improve our site design and enhance your shopping experience.
You may receive information from us if you participate in a
Bowling Concepts LLC contest or promotion, even if you requested
not to be part of our mailing list. If you do not want to receive
or share information, please do not participate in these promotions
or contests.
If at any time you would like us to update your personal information
or remove it from our email or postal mailing lists, contact
us by calling 1.877.295.7848 or by sending an email to customerservice@bowlingconcepts.com.
Please be sure to include your email address and full name in
your email request.
Bowling Concepts LLC Giveaway Rules
NO PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN.
THIS GIVEAWAY IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
1. HOW TO ENTER:
For a chance to win you must submit your valid email address entry at http://westernshirts.ccom/giveaway.
Bowling Concepts LLC,
(“Sponsor”), purveyor of the giveaway, "Bowling Concepts LLC Giveaway" (“Program”), will randomly select the email address of one (1) winner of the giveaway announcement.
The winner will be notified via e-mail. If you are selected and meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein, the Prize must be claimed with in 7 days of notification.
2. ELIGIBILITY:
Only one entry per email address.
Entrants must be eighteen (18) years of age or older and be a legal resident of one (1) of the fifty (50) United States or the District of Columbia (“DC”).
Giveaway is not open to any individual if they or their parent, or sibling, or any member of their household is an employee, officer or director Bowling Concepts LLC or any of their respective agencies, affiliates, parent companies or subsidiaries (collectively the “Sponsor Parties”).
The Sponsor reserves the right to require proof of eligibility and to conduct a background check on entrants, if applicable.
Entries that are incomplete, illegible, fraudulent or corrupted are void and will not be accepted.
3. PRIVACY:
By entering, each entrant agrees to this Web site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and the rules stated herein.
Please refer to Sponsor’s privacy policies for important information about the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by Sponsors.
Sponsor Parties are not responsible for disclosures made by any third party.
Sponsors use reasonable commercial efforts to comply with Federal CAN-SPAM law and entrants may subsequently opt-out of receiving further emails by following opt-out instructions contained in Sponsor’s privacy policies.
Entrants’ personal information will not be provided to any third parties, other than as provided for in the Official rules or in accordance with Sponsor’s respective privacy policies.
4. WINNERS/PRIZE:
Unless expressly indicated on the Web Site, one (1) Prize will be awarded for each Giveaway.
Approximate retail value (“ARV”) of the Prize will vary by Giveaway, but in no event shall such Prize be valued equal to or more than six hundred U.S. Dollars.
Winners are not entitled to exchange or transfer prizes or to obtain cash or other substitutes, but Sponsor Parties, in their sole discretion, may substitute prizes of equivalent or greater value.
Sponsor may require winner(s) to sign an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release (as more fully discussed below).
All expenses not specified herein, including, without limitation, all federal, state and local taxes, are each winner’s sole responsibility.
5. LIST OF WINNERS:
To obtain a winner's list for a specific Giveaway, please send a self addressed stamped envelope to Bowling Concepts LLC, 211 Pauline Dr #206, York, PA 17402. Be sure to include the name of the giveaway date and item with your request.
6. DISCLAIMER/OTHER REQUIREMENTS:
Except where prohibited by law, entry into the Giveaway constitutes entrant’s agreement to be bound by these official rules and the decisions of Sponsor and consent for Sponsor Parties to use and/or publish entrant’s name, voice, picture, likeness and biographical data and/or any other information contained in the entry in advertising, promotional and marketing materials without additional compensation, which may require, without limitation, disclosure of such information in print, television, radio, cable and/or Internet broadcast.
In addition, by entering, all entrants, except where prohibited by law, consent to being photographed, filmed, taped and/or interviewed about the Giveaway.
In connection therewith, all entrants grant full permission and consent to Sponsor and the Sponsor Affiliates to utilize any of the results of such photographing, filming, taping and/or interviewing in any and all media now known or hereafter devised and hereby release Sponsor and the Sponsor Affiliates from all liability related thereto.
Winners may be required to sign, have notarized and return an affidavit of eligibility and liability/publicity release within five (5) days of receipt of such document(s) or Prize will be forfeited.
All Prize claims and winner materials will be verified by Giveaway judges. If this Giveaway is not capable of running as planned, including, because of any infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failure or other cause beyond Sponsor’s control which corrupts or threatens to corrupt or adversely affects the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway, Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, suspend and/or modify this Giveaway and Sponsor can perform the random drawing from among all eligible entries received prior to such cancellation, suspension or modification of the Giveaway.
7. LIMITATION ON LIABILITY:
By participating in the Giveaway, entrants and winners agree to release Sponsor Parties and their respective companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, officers, and directors from any and all liability, claims or actions of any kind whatsoever for injuries, damages or losses to persons and property which may be sustained in connection with entry into the Giveaway or the receipt, ownership or use of any Prize or while traveling to and from a location to obtain or use any Prize.
Neither Sponsor nor the Sponsor Parties make any warranty, representation, or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, relative to the use of any Prize including, without limitation, quality, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose.
Neither Sponsor nor the Sponsor Parties are responsible for technical, hardware, software, or telephone malfunctions of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed, incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate, garbled or delayed electronic communications caused by Sponsor or the Sponsor Affiliates, the user or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in this Giveaway or by any human error which may occur in the processing of the entries in this Giveaway and which may limit a participant's ability to participate in this Giveaway.
Sponsor can modify these official rules in any way or at any time, as long as Sponsor gives reasonable notice. The Giveaway shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
Submission of an entry is acknowledgment of and agreement to be bound by all terms and conditions of these official rules.
In the event of a dispute concerning who submitted an e-mail entry, the entry will be declared to have been made by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry.
An authorized account holder is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, or other organization (e.g. business,educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address.
Bowling Shirt Styles
Bowling Shirts
Camp Shirts
Dart Shirts
Poker Shirts
Jazz Shirts
Billiards Shirts
Cigar Shirts
Tiki Shirts
FlameShirts
Corporate & Tradeshow Shirts
Custom Bowling Shirts
Men's Bowling Shirts
Retro Shirts
Polo Shirts
Women's Bowling Shirts
Retro Shirts
Polo Shirts
Kids Bowling Shirts
BRANDS
BeRetro
Lucky Paradise
Gift Cards
Made in the USA
Shop With Confidence
Contact Us
Customer Service
Shipping Information
About Us
Customer Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Bowling Apparel
GET SPECIAL OFFERS
Exclusive new shirts and sales events. We promise you'll love them.
sign-up
© 2020
• All Rights Reserved
| BowlingConcepts.com