https://www.irishnation.com/privacypolicy.htm
Contact
About
FAQ
Family Crests
Jewellery
Flags
Irish Gifts
Christmas
Decor
Family Crests
Prints
Plaques
Flags
Signet Rings
Graphics
Crystal Glass
Cufflinks
Pendants
Mugs
Clothing
Clocks
Stationery
All Family Crests
Irish Jewellery
Claddagh Rings
Family Crest Rings
Gaelic Rings
Engraved Cufflinks
Irish Ear-Rings
Irish Cufflinks
Celtic Pendants
All Jewellery
Flags
Ireland Flag
Erin Go Bragh
Irish Counties
Family Crest Flag
Four Provinces
Celtic Nations
St. Patrick's Day
Novelty Flags
Table Flags
Bunting
All Flags
Home Decor
Framed Art
Galway Crystal
Kitchen Items
Canvas Art
Irish Song Lyrics
Family Crests
Wedding Art
Clocks
Irish Music Gifts
First Name Gifts
Irish Gifts
Galway Crystal
Irish Signs
Irish Sayings
Irish Posters
Irish Jewellery
Family Crests
Ireland Flags
Tourist Gifts
Irish Music Gifts
First Name Gifts
Irish Stamp Gifts
Irish Money Gifts
All Categories
CATEGORIES
Family Crests
Jewellery
Flags
Home Decor
Framed Art
Galway Crystal
GIFTS YOU WONT FIND ANYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD!
Heraldic Clock
Christening Cup
Marriage Print
Irish Stamps Art
Lyrics Plaques
OCCASIONS
Wedding
Christmas
Baby
St. Patrick's Day
GIFTS FOR...
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Baby & Kids
Privacy Policy
IrishNation.com Privacy Policy
SUMMARY
Our complete Privacy Policy is set out below. The bottom line is that we will never share your private data, email address, etc. with anyone.
Ever!
The IrishNation.com website has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
You email address and/or any other details are NEVER provided to any other third party for any use whatsoever.
This site may contain links to other sites. IrishNation.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings - see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
We may run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings - see the choice/opt-out section below.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Children
Our Web site meets the guidelines of TRUSTe's Children's program.
Our Site will:
NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity.
Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent
NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent
NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent
NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Send an email to by clicking here
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided:
Email Click Here
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact:
Michael Green
The Information about Ireland Site
P.O. Box 9142,
Blackrock,
County Dublin
Ireland
Michael Green,
Irish Nation.com
Contact
Go to Contact Form
Tel: ++ 353 1 2893860(from USA dial 011-353-1-2893860)
IrishNation.com, 17 Páirc Ghrainbhil, Carraig Dubh,Contae Baile Átha Cliath, Ireland
Keep In Touch
Sign-Up for Free Updates, Discounts and Offers
Privacy Policy
Customer Information
Customer Support Page
About Us
Contact Us
Free Worldwide Shipping!
Frequently Asked Questions
Most Popular Products
Family Crest Plaques
Rings
Graphics
Prints
Flags
Irish Gifts that are Imagined in Ireland, Created in Ireland, Shipped from Ireland
(C) Copyright - IrishNation.com, 1998-2020