https://www.brantflorist.com/privacy-policy.aspx
COVID-19 and Flower Orders. learn more
Have another Promotion Code? Enter it here
Promo! 20DEC
10% discount orders to US and Canada.
Orders over $60.00 Expires Dec 11
Does not apply to all categories
Canada &
International Delivery
877-545-5535
inquiries@brantflorist.com
Cart 0
Sign In
Search input
We also accept payments with:
Toggle navigation
Menu
Christmas
Christmas
Christmas Flowers
Christmas Arrangements
Christmas Centerpieces
Christmas Flowers Budget
White Christmas Flowers
FTD Christmas
Teleflora Christmas
Poinsettias
Holiday Planters
Brant Florist Original Designs
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Sympathy
Sympathy
All White Flowers
Sympathy Flowers
Center Pieces All Round
Religious Flower Designs
Planter Baskets
Orchid Plants
Flowering Plants
Green Tropical Plants
Funeral Service
Funeral Flowers
Traditional
Modern
Side Table
Planter Baskets
Planters Tropical
Green Tropical Plants
Flowering Plants
Standing Sprays
Crosses and Hearts
Casket Interiors
Casket Sprays
Wreaths
Urns and Photos
Birthday
Birthday
Birthday Flowers Best Sellers
Affordable Birthday Flowers
Birthday Gifts
Birthday Flowers For Mom
Birthday Flowers For Her
Birthday Flowers For Him
Birthday Flowers For Kids
Birthday Plants
Birthday Balloons and Bears
Birthday Keepsakes
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Roses
Roses
Rose Arrangements
Roses Gift Wrapped
Red Roses
Long Stem Roses
White Roses
Pink Roses
Yellow Roses
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Occasions
Occasions
Anniversary
Birthday
New Baby
Corporate Gifts
Wedding
Prom
Graduation
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Upcoming
Hanukkah
Affordable Under $60
What's New ?
Christmas - Dec 25
Design Your Own
Sentiments
Congratulations
Get Well
Love & Romance
Say I'm Sorry
Thank You
Thinking Of You
Design Your Own
Flowers
Flowers by Type
Bouquets Cut
Carnations
Daisies and Mums
Gerbera Flowers
Lily Bouquets
Orchids Cut
Premium Flowers
Roses
Tropical Arrangements
Hydrangea
Pink Flowers
Snap Dragons and Stock
White Flowers
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Flowers by Color
Bright Orange
Classic White
Ocean Sky Blue
Perfect Pink
Regal Purple
Soft Lavender
Striking Red
Sunshine Yellow
Vivid Green
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Planters
Plant Arrangements
Planter Baskets and Gardens
Green Tropical Plants
Flowering Plants
Orchid Plants
Succulent Plants
Planters Tropical
Design Your Own
Gifts
Arrangements
AnyTime Flowers
Best Sellers
Color Your Day
Contemporary Designs
Corsages Floral
Cut Bouquets Wrapped
Florist Designer Choice Bouquet
Helium Balloons
Modern Cube Designs
Original Designs by Brant
Tropical Exotic Flowers
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Gifts for Him
Wicker Baskets
Vase Arrangements
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Custom Order
Plants & Planters
Balloons
Corsages
Budget Flowers
Available Today
Luxury Flowers
Design Your Own
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy very seriously.If you have any questions on our privacy policy that are not addressed below, please email us at: privacy@brantflorist.com
Brant Florist has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.brantflorist.com.
We use the IP addresses of our visitors to help diagnose problems with www.brantflorist.com, and to administer our website. Our website requires "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping cart. The cookie itself does not contain any personal data and is merely an identification code that permits our site to find your records again when you proceed to the next step of your purchase. Information about your cookie is deleted from our servers 30 minutes after you leave our website.
We do not forward any personal information of our customers to third parties.
Our site uses an order form to order products and services. Contact information from the order form is used by us and your contact partner to deliver orders and order confirmations to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. It is not used to send out separate mailings or information about our company.
Our Reminder Service stores your email address, name, event type and event date to notify you about upcoming birthdays or other events as you have requested us to do. Contact information from the reminder service registration is also used to send mailings and information about our company to you if you choose to receive it. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings in the reminder service registration and at a later time; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We do not store your credit card numbers on our Web Servers. Credit cards are billed immediately at the end of an order process through an encrypted on-line connection with the credit card processing companies.
Special care has been taken to prevent your browser from storing pages with credit card numbers in your browser's internal cache on your hard disk.
Critical areas of this server (for instance when you have to enter your address and credit card number during the order process) are secured by an encrypted connection between your browser and www.brantflorist.com.
Interest Based Advertising ("IBA") and Analytics tracking in support of Display Advertising
Brant Florist engages in Interest Based Advertising ("IBA") via Display Advertising with Remarketing. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet.In order to support IBA or Display Advertising via Remarketing certain tracking features of Google Analytics tracking have been enabled in order to customize and personalize the particular display ads presented by third-party vendors including Google to our previous website visitors. In order to accomplish this, Brant Florist and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads to you when you visit one of Google's advertising partner's sites, based on your past visits to our website.
How Does It Benefit You - IBA can benefit you by providing content and ads that are better matched to your interests, triggering fewer intrusive or annoying ads and helping businesses better serve you.What It's Not - This is not about SPAM, unwanted malware, unwanted adware, random ad pop-up ads, or anything of the sort. Most visitors will not even notice any changes in their online browsing experience, other than they may see the occasional ad from us instead of some other ad. The number of ads you will see while browsing other sites online is in no way influenced by our participation in Interest Based Advertising via Google's Remarketing platform.Can I Opt Out? Visitors to the Brant Florist website may elect to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google's Ads Preferences Manager Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users who request to be added to our mailing list the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. You can remove yourself from our list using either of the following methods:(a) click the Unsubscribe link on the bottom of your last mailing from us, (b) reply to the last mailing from us with the word "Unsubscribe" in the subject line, (c) send an email to privacy@brantflorist.com and request that your Email address be removed from our mailing lists.
Correct/Update
To correct your personal information, send your request privacy@brantflorist.com and we will email you a copy of the personal information we have on file about you. You can then correct it and send it back to us by Email and we will update your account accordingly.
BEST SELLERS
Be Happy
Joyful and Thrilling
Big Hug
Hand Tied Bouquet
Premium Roses
Classical Floral
Brighten Your Day
White Garden
Best Wishes
Wondrous Nature
Mixed Daisies
Basket of Cheer
Burst of Light
Blue Horizons
Peaceful Floral
BRANT SERVICES
Send Flowers to Canada
Send Flowers to USA
International Delivery
Custom Flowers Order
ABOUT US
Brant Florist
Contact Info
Client Reviews
Google Reviews
Our Blog
Flower and Gift Article Archives
Gift Resources
HELP
Frequently Asked Questions
Security & Privacy
Terms Of Use
Sitemap
Secure Email Order Form
CONTACT US
inquiries@brantflorist.com
Local: 905-634-2658
Toll-Free: 877-545-5535
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
KEEP IN TOUCH
Find out first about our latest promotions and discounts.
Name
Email
SIGN UP
PAYMENT OPTIONS
We accept payments with most major Credit and Debit Cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover. We also accept PayPal™ and Interac® Online and Interac®
e-Transfer®.
Brant Florist Canada
461 Brant St.
Burlington, ON L7R 2G3
Brant Florist USA
702 West St.
Wilmington, DE 19801
©Copyright 1996-2020 Bolt Family Florist Inc. All images are copyrighted and licensed by their respective owners.
FTD® logo and FTD® images used by permission. Teleflora® logo and Teleflora® images used by permission.
Interflora® logo and Interflora® images used by permission.
Interac® Trade-mark of Interac Inc. used under licence.
Website Development & Search Optimization by i2bGlobal.com