http://www.companionstairlifts.co.uk/terms-conditions-and-privacy
Coronavirus Update: Our response to COVID 19
X
Straight Stairlifts
Curved Stairlifts
Why Choose Us
Homelifts
Bathing
News
COVID-19
Contact Us
Book a FREE Virtual Assessment
Request a brochure
Call freephone 0800 117 0157
Terms, Conditions and Privacy
Companion Stairlifts Privacy Policy
Terms, Conditions and Privacy
Terms and conditions of use of this website.
Our contact details are as follows:
Tel: 0800 251 1308
enquiries@companionstairlifts.co.uk
Companion Stairlifts Ltd,
24b-24c Oxford Road,
Guiseley
Leeds
LS20 9AS
Companion is registered in the United Kingdom and is concerned to help you to retain control over your personal data while simultaneously exploiting the advantages of an interactive commercial environment. We aim to provide our website visitors with a tailored web experience. By learning about you, we believe we can deliver more relevant content and provide you with a better service. You may be invited to supply personal information, particularly when you are seeking a special and/or personalised service. Supply of such personal information is optional, although, without it, certain services normally offered through electronic medium may be unavailable. Companion is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Statement sets out our privacy policy and explains what we do with the personal information that we collect from our users. Please read the following to understand our views and practices regarding personal information, and how they pertain to you as you use our various features and services. This statement discloses the current privacy practices for our website. If we make any substantive changes to this policy, we will announce these on our site. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us either by email, telephone, fax or letter at the number or address shown above.
What information will we gather about you?
Companion collects certain information about visitors to its website which it uses to help it provide a website and service that is useful. We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.companionstairlifts.co.uk ("our site").
This includes information provided at the time of posting material or requesting further services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Details of your visits to our site and the resources you access.
Cookie information on Companion
Cookies are small pieces of information which we put on your computer and are then stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone whilst you are browsing. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, helping us to provide you with a better experience during your visit and allowing us to improve our site. The cookies that we use are for analytics. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how visitors interact with the site. This enables us to ensure that users are finding the information that they are looking for more effectively. Companion will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set when visiting the Companion stairlift website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone, you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the site and your user experience.
Companion use several suppliers that set specific cookies on the website on our behalf to deliver the services that they provide.
You can't be identified from these cookies and all information is anonymous. We only use these cookies to improve the functionality of our website.
The cookies we use on our site are listed below:
Cookie Name
Default Expiration Time
Description
_ga
2 years
Used by Google analytics to allow us to see how many users are using our site and which pages they are viewing.
_gat
10 minutes
Used to limit the number of requests that have to be made to Google analytics
HMCFCookieNotice
1 Year
Used by this site to restrict the Cookies alert message popping up on each page to remind you of these details
Cookies set by third party sites
To support our site and the information we are posting, we sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. Companion does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the relevant third-party website for more information about these.
Where will personal information about you be stored?
The information that you provide to us will be transferred to and stored by Companion. By supplying such information, you consent to the above transfer and storage. Companion takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely to try and prevent unauthorised access and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, your personal data will only be stored for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
How will personal information about you be used by us?
Personal information about visitors to our website may be used for one or more of the following purposes:
To improve the content of our web pages.
To customise the content and/or layout of our web pages for an individual visitor.
To notify visitors about updates to our website.
To contact consumers for marketing purposes.
To provide visitors with information, products or services that visitors request from us or one of the associated companies in the Handicare group or which we feel may interest them, and where visitors have consented to be contacted for such purpose.
To allow visitors to participate in interactive features of our service when they choose to do so.
To share with associated companies of Companion and within the Handicare network of distributors and dealers for commercial purposes.
To support your customer relationship with us.
Where a sale is fulfilled by a dealer, we cannot guarantee it will be the same service offering and Terms and Conditions as if it had been supplied direct by Companion. We may share personal information with parties both in and outside of your home jurisdiction, and as result, we may transfer the information described in this policy to, and process and store it in, countries outside the European Union (“EU”) or European Economic Area (“EEA”), some of which may have less protective data protection laws than your country. If this would be the case, we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this policy, primarily by using so called standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. Outside the above, we will not disclose your personal information to any person, firm or company without first obtaining your prior written consent to do so. If you do not wish us to use your personal information for one or more of the above purposes, please let us know by contacting us by letter, fax, telephone or email at the contact address or telephone number given above.
Will the personal information about you held by us be used for direct mailings?
If you request contact from Companion or from a company within the Handicare network of distributors and dealers, information about our products and services will be sent to you and/or a Companion representative may contact you in order to ascertain whether you require a free consultation. If you do not want to receive such mailings or wish us to cease sending these to you, please let us know by email, telephone or letter at the above number or address. We will endeavour to remove your personal information from any lists held by us as soon as reasonably practicable, but please bear in mind that we process hundreds of communications each day.
How can you correct or revise the personal information we hold about you?
If you want us to correct or change any personal or other information held by us, please let us know by email, telephone, fax or letter at the above number or address.
You may also request erasure or portability of your personal data at any time.
Warning
While we take reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information from unauthorised access, you should recognise that email and other electronic transmissions are insecure. Accordingly, neither Companion, nor its associated companies, nor any distributor nor dealer within the Handicare network of distributors and dealers warrant, guarantee or undertake that any transmission will not be intercepted and/or read by an unauthorised person.
Your rights
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of associated companies of Companion or our network of distributors and dealers. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Companion (we, us) conditions
These conditions do not affect your legal rights
1. Deposit
Because we will start incurring costs when we begin to prepare the stairlift for installation you must pay a deposit when you place an order of 25%.
2. Cancellations
Please be advised you have a fourteen day (calendar days) ‘cooling off’ period in which to change your mind concerning this agreement and cancel if you wish to do so. Please note for bespoke items there may be charges incurred. This right to cancel can be exercised by delivering, or sending (including by electronic mail methods) notice of your cancellation to us at any of the contact details below within 14 days starting with the date of receipt of this notice of the right to cancel this contract. Please be advised that notice of cancellation will be deemed to be served as soon as it is posted or sent to ourselves and in the case of electronic mail from the day it is sent to us. Please be advised that we may begin preparation of the stairlift goods for you as soon as the order is placed (unless specifically requested not to do so by yourselves) in order to obtain you the quickest installation time possible – please see term and condition 1. of our terms & conditions entitled deposit. You may be required to pay for goods and services supplied in our performance of the contract, if performance has begun with your prior agreement before the end of the cancellation period. If a related credit agreement has been agreed with this agreement, any such credit agreement will automatically be cancelled if the contract for the stairlift is also cancelled. The credit agreement cannot be used if there are charges incurred to cover these costs.
3. Stairlift Ownership
We retain ownership of the goods until all monies have been paid.
4. Goods Buyback
We will not buy back any goods which we have sold to you as our stairlifts are bespoke and made to measure for a client’s home.
5. Installation
We will always attempt to install the stairlift as arranged with you. When we make arrangements for installation we are as careful as possible to inform you of accurate dates, but we are not in a position to guarantee these dates. Failure by us to install at a pre-arranged date will not give you the right to cancel the order.
6. Stairlift Guarantee
The stairlift you have ordered comes with a 12 month guarantee which starts from the date the stairlift is installed by us.
This guarantee covers the cost of replacement parts and labour for any fault caused by manufacture or installation. The stairlift may be repaired or replaced at our discretion. The standard and extended warranty cover provided on your stairlift is not backed by an insurance provider and is wholly maintained by the manufacturer.
7. Preparation Work
Please note that all preparatory works are costed with basic knowledge. If there are any considerations in terms of safety for installation made by a qualified contractor any additional costs will be discussed prior to works being carried out and permission will be sought. We do advise all customers that they are entitled to employ the services of their own tradesperson if this is preferential to carry out any of the works needed for installation.
8. Balance
Payment will be expected after satisfactory installation.
9. Complaints
How to voice your concerns and resolve your complaints with us.
At Companion we are committed to providing a high standard of service to you and all of our customers and we want you to be entirely satisfied with the service you receive from us. Informing us when you are unhappy with the service you experience gives us the opportunity to put matters right for you and improve our service in the future for all our customers.
Complaints Procedure
Should you have reason to raise a complaint about any of our products or service levels you should follow our standard complaints procedure. Details as follows:
In the first instance, contact a member of our customer service department by telephone. You can reach the customer service team on 0800 251 1308 or email enquiries@companionstairlifts.co.uk
If you feel that your complaint is not being dealt with effectively, then you can escalate your complaint to the customer service manager. To do this, you can send your complaint in writing FAO the Customer Services manager, to the following
Companion Stairlifts,
82 First Avenue
Pensnett Estate
Kingswinford
West Midlands
DY6 7FJ
Email: enquiries@companionstairlifts.co.uk
When communicating with us we will aim to deal with your queries or complaints as quickly and as efficiently as possible, for clarity, our standard response times are as follows:
Post - We aim to respond to letters within 3 working days of receipt.
Email - We aim to respond to all emails within 1 working day of receipt.
Telephone - To resolve any questions or queries you may have during the call or by an agreed timescale.
If at any point you find that you are unable to reach an agreement with Companion, then you may choose to pursue dispute resolution with an independent arbitrator. Companion are members of the BHTA (British Healthcare Trades Association) and are a Which Trusted Trader. You may contact either of these organisations to escalate your dispute:
Click here to see Which Trusted Traders complaints information.
Click here to see the BHTA (British Healthcare Trades Association) complaints information.
Should you feel we have inappropriately handled your personal data at any time, you should contact the ICO (Information Commissioners Office)
Book a FREE Home Assessment
Request a brochure
Make an enquiry
Companion Stairlifts uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our policy. To read more about how we use cookies and how you can control them read our cookie policy
Continue