https://www.dometic.com/en-us/us/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
DOMETIC CORPORATION (www.dometic.com/en-us/us) PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: January 1, 2020.
Thank you for accessing the DOMETIC CORPORATION (U.S.) Website (the “Website” or “dometic.com/en-us/us”) operated by DOMETIC CORPORATION (“Dometic”). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Website, as well as to Dometic For Business and Dometic’s offline data collection. … (collectively, the “Website”)
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Website directly or through another website, you accept the practices described in this Policy.
Types Of Information We Collect.
Use And Processing Of Information
Sharing Of Information.
Your Choices.
How We Protect Personal Information
Miscellaneous
Contact Information
Types Of Information We Collect
We provide branded solutions for mobile living.  In that capacity we receive personal information from our clients and process that information on behalf of our clients.  In other situations we receive personal information for our own use.  The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect about and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Data
Primary Purpose for Collection
and Use of Data
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting our clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
Client and Customer Information
We collect the name and contact information of our customers and of our clients and the employees of our corporate clients with whom we may interact as part of our business relationship.
When we receive personal information from one of our clients in order to carry out a project or a service we process that information on their behalf. When we act in this capacity, our client determines the purpose for which the information was collected and how we should use it. We also have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers and clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration, such as projects, services, and billing.
Payment Information
When purchasing products, you will be asked to provide payment information, in addition to contact and identification information, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, driver’s license number or date of birth.
We use this information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
Cookies and First Party Tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed. See our Cookie Policy for more information.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Cookies and Third Party Tracking
The Website uses Google Analytics, which uses Cookies to help us participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses Cookies to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites. See our Cookie Policy for more information.
We have a legitimate interest in engaging in behavior-based advertising and capturing website analytics.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open or interact with our messages.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications to you.
Employment
If you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number and date of birth. Providing this information is required for employment.
We use information about current employees to perform our contract of employment, or the anticipation of a contract of employment with you. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees. We also have a legitimate interest in using your information to have efficient staffing and work force operations.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.
We share information about our products and services with individuals who consent to receive such information. We have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or services.
Online Registration
When you register your product(s), you will be asked to complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), date(s) of purchase, phone number, and email address. We use your personal information to communicate with you about your product and for marketing purposes.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting you if there is information about your product we need to communicate with you and in marketing products to you.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding your opinions, and collecting information relevant to our organization.
Social Media
If you post on social media (e.g., Instagram, Twitter or other), we may request that you allow us to share your content on our Dometic social media account. This could include collecting your name, social media handle, or other personal information that you choose to share.
We process this data based on your consent.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites.
Product Reviews
You may choose to submit a product review directly on this Website or through a separate website affiliated with Dometic products. As part of your submission, you will be asked for your email address, age and gender. If you submit a review, your geographic location may be visible to other users (your Email Address will be kept private). In addition, other visitors to this Website may read any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of your review. We are not responsible for any personal information that you choose to submit as part of your review.
Your participation in product reviews is voluntary, and we process any data you submit in connection with a review based on your consent.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information such as your age or location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored services.
Mobile Devices
We collect information including unique identifying information when you visit the Site from your mobile device.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how users interact with us from their mobile device.
Partner Promotion
We collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
We have a legitimate interest in fulfilling our promotions.
Sweepstakes or Contests.
When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information about you, including contact information, to notify you if you are selected. We have a legitimate interest in operating the sweepstakes. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes, and we have a legitimate interest in complying with those laws. As a condition of entering a contest or sweepstakes, we may require you to consent to receiving our email newsletter and special offers. This will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
As a condition of entering a contest or sweepstakes, we may require you to consent to receiving our email newsletter and special offers. This will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, or from our clients, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.  For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.
Use And Processing Of Information.
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our websites.
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  For example, if you purchase products from us, we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information because we have a legitimate interest in understanding who our clients are and what goods we sell to you.
Sharing Of Information.
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  If another company acquires, or anticipates acquiring, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.  We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.  We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Public.  Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, on a message board or in a public forum.  If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available.
Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers.  Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices.
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.
Opting Out of Our Services. If you receive an email from the Website, you may (i) unsubscribe from all future unsolicited emails from the Website through a link, typically at the bottom of the e-mail, or (ii) use our email preference center, also typically available through a link at the bottom of the e-mail, to opt out of receiving certain types of Website emails from us while continuing to receive other types of emails.  If you have an account with the Website, you may opt-out of some or all future unsolicited communications by updating your account's personal information settings. In addition, you may request that we delete your personal information by emailing your request to shop.support@dometic.com and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt, subject to our rights under the Data Retention section above.
Promotional Mailings.  If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Access To Your Personal Information. For information that we collect on our own behalf we will grant you, where required by law, reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.  You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  If we are processing your information on behalf of one of our clients we will forward your request to that client and await instructions on whether access should be granted.
Changes To Your Personal Information. You can contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified.  If we are processing your information on behalf of one of our clients we will forward your request to that client and await instructions on any changes that they believe are appropriate.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information. We typically retain personal information that we collect on our own behalf for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  You may request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information, by contacting us at the address described below.  If required by law, we will grant such a request. If we are processing your information on behalf of one of our clients we will forward your request to that client and await instructions from them on whether your information should be deleted.
Revocation Of Consent or Objections.  You may revoke consent to processing (where our processing is based upon consent), or object to our processing (where our processing is not based upon your consent) by contacting us at the address described below.  If you revoke your consent / object we may no longer be able to provide you goods or services. In some cases we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent / object if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.  If we are processing your information on behalf of one of our clients we will forward a revocation of consent to that client and await instructions from them on whether the processing to your information should cease.
Online Tracking.  We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account.  When you do you will be prompted to create a password.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.  You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.We may change our privacy policy and practices over time.To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
Information for California Residents.  California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” as those terms are defined under California law. You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share as a downloadable document, at the bottom of this page. Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. We do not sell or transfer personal data for a business purpose as those terms are defined under California law. We do not discriminate against California consumers who exercise any of their rights described in this policy. You can find a list of
Contact Information.  If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.  We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
E-Mail Contact: shop.support@dometic.com
Mail Contact: Dometic, 5600 N. River Rd, Suite 250, 60018 Rosemont, IL United States
Toll Free Phone Contact: 1-800-544-4881
If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Effective Date:  January 6, 2020
Download - US Privacy Policy
Please feel free to download our US Privacy Policy & California Information Sharing Disclosure
US Privacy Policy California Information Sharing Disclosure
Something on your mind?
Contact us
JOIN THE DOMETIC EMAIL LIST FOR EXCLUSIVE DEALS
Email
Application
Application
RV
Marine
Trucks
Camping & 4WD
Sign up
I consent to receiving e-mails from Dometic.
By submitting this form you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
News
Trade Shows & Events
Contact Us
Product Registration
© Dometic Group AB (publ)
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Terms of Use
CA Disclosure Statement
Standard Purchase Terms
Standard Terms of Sale