https://www.artoria.com/privacy.php
Welcome
[Login]
Home >> Privacy Policy
Artoria Limoges knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Artoria.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information Does This Website Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at Artoria Limoges. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future visits for you, improving our site, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us, such as your IP address, the browser version you are using and general information about your Operating System.
Does Artoria Limoges Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only with the subsidiaries Artoria Limoges controls and as described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that business.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of Artoria Limoges and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Artoria Limoges, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input, whenever necessary.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access all information about your account at your member page.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain Artoria Limoges features.
Children
Artoria Limoges' website is suitable for people of all ages. However, we still encourage parents to be involved and aware of their children's online activities.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Artoria Limoges, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New York. If you have any concern about privacy at Artoria Limoges, please send us a thorough description to privacy@artoria.com, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, or communicate with us. For example, you provide information when you communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for, and phone number used to call us.
Privacy Policy|Terms Of Use|Site Credits