https://www.discountramps.com/privacypolicy/a/A1/
Home
DiscountRamps.com LLC - Privacy Policy
On This Page
Collection of your Personal Information
Use of your Personal Information
Control your Personal Information Security of your Personal Information Cookies & Other Computer Information How can I contact Discount Ramps with questions about my privacy? Changes to the Discount Ramps Privacy Policy Statement Discount Ramps Mobile Messaging Identity Resolution Updates
More Support Pages
Contact Us
About Us FAQs Return Policy
Shipping Policy Promotion Terms and Conditions Custom Ramps
On This Page & More Support Pages
On this Page Collection of your Personal Information
Use of your Personal Information
Control your Personal Information
Security of your Personal Information
Cookies & Other Computer Information
How can I contact Discount Ramps with questions about my privacy?
Changes to the Discount Ramps Privacy Policy Statement
More Support Pages
Contact Us
About Us FAQs Return Policy
Shipping Policy Promotion Terms and Conditions Custom RampsHow-to Guides and Articles
Company Info Privacy Policy
Share
Discount Ramps is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Discount Ramps Web site and governs data collection and usage at all Discount Ramps sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Discount Ramps Statement of Privacy. Discount Ramps is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, Discount Ramps collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Discount Ramps
is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Discount Ramps
does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software. Discount Ramps encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Discount Ramps so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Discount Ramps Network of Web sites. You can browse the Discount Ramps Network of Sites without creating an account, however, you will be asked to create an account when you purchase something in order to take advantage of certain features, such as the "My Account" and other Discount Ramps services. If you choose to not create an account the features will not be available to you. When contacting the Discount Ramps Customer Service department our friendly staff may request that you confirm certain personal information in order to verify and protect your identity.
Use of your Personal Information
Discount Ramps and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Discount Ramps
may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Discount Ramps and its affiliates. Discount Ramps may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Discount Ramps does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Discount Ramps may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Discount Ramps or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Discount Ramps abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. Information we collect on the Discount Ramps and its Affiliate Sites may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:
To deliver merchandise that you have purchased online or at our facility
Register you as a member of Discount Ramps
Prevent fraud and bill you for your purchased items
Confirm your estimates and orders
Respond to your Customer Service & Sales inquiries or requests
Communicate great values and featured items to you
Locate and stock the products you are searching for
Customize your online shopping experience
Comply with valid or applicable legal procedures, requirements, regulations or statutes
Control your Personal Information
Discount Ramps offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences via the Discount Ramps Contact Form. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records. Alternatively, if you created an account with Discount Ramps you may log in to your account via the "My Account" area and make adjustments to your personal information online. Note: You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Discount Ramps by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
Do not share your Discount Ramps account password with anyone. Other than on the Discount Ramps and its Affiliate Websites, Discount Ramps will never ask you for your password information.
Security of your Personal Information
Discount Ramps is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in external controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through Verisign.
Discount Ramps also utilizes a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL (and most are), your personal information will be automatically encrypted, or encoded, before it is sent through the Internet. The digital certificate and seal that you see on our checkout system is from Verisign, Inc., a leading provider of Internet trust services. When you enter a secure portion of Discount Ramps and its Affiliates (which is any page containing any of your personal information), an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. If you click on this image, a small popup window displaying site security information will appear. This certificate guarantees that your personal information is being transmitted in secure (encrypted) form. Ultimately, your personal information is protected by the password you created when you signed up for an account at Discount Ramps or its Affiliates (or another password you chose after changing a previous password). Please keep this password confidential. No Customer Service Associate or any other representative of Discount Ramps will ever ask you for your password. The confidentiality of your password is yours to protect. You may change it anytime by going to "My Account". Log in with your email address and password, then click "Change Email & Password" and enter a new password.
Cookies & Other Computer Information
When you visit Discount Ramps or its Affiliates, you may be assigned a permanent "cookie"
(a small text file) to be stored on your computer's hard drive. The purpose of this cookie is to identify you when you visit Discount Ramps or its Affiliates so that we can enhance and customize your online shopping experience. You can choose to browse on Discount Ramps and its Affiliates without cookies. However, without these identifier files you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of the Site. These features include storing your shopping cart for later use and providing a more personalized shopping experience. Each browser is different, so check your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences. We also collect certain technical information from your computer each time you request a page during a visit to Discount Ramps or its Affiliates. This information may include your Internet Protocol
(IP ) address, your computer's operating system, browser type and the address of a referring website, if any. We collect this information to enhance the quality of your experience during your visit to the Site and will not sell or rent this information to any third parties. We also contract with third parties to provide us with: data collection and reporting services regarding our customers' activities on Discount Ramps or its Affiliates; tracking and measuring performance of our marketing efforts and your response to our marketing efforts; and the delivery of relevant marketing messages. These third parties may use cookies and Web beacons
(1 × 1 pixels), and may receive anonymous information about your browsing and buying activity on the Site. None of your personally identifiable information
(such as your name, address, email address, credit card number, etc.) will be received by or shared with these third parties. If you do not want your non-personal information used to serve ads to you, you can change the settings of your browser to reject cookies. Each browser is different, so check your browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
How can I contact Discount Ramps with questions about my privacy?
If you have questions or comments about the Discount Ramps privacy policy, please contact us in any of the following ways:
Online
Contact Us Here
By Phone
888-651-3431 888-651-3431
By Mail
Discount Ramps
N102 W19400 Willow Creek Rd
Germantown, WI 53022
Changes to the Discount Ramps Privacy Policy Statement This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 18th, 2019. Discount Ramps will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Discount Ramps will use your personal information, Discount Ramps will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Discount Ramps encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Discount Ramps is protecting your information.
Discount Ramps Mobile Messaging By subscribing to Discount Ramps mobile messages, you agree to receive autodialed marketing messages to the telephone number used at the time of opt in. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. In the event that you change or deactivate your mobile number, it is your responsibility to call Discount Ramps at 1-888-651-3431 to have your number removed. Terms & Conditions are subject to change. The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Mobile Message Details
To join, text advertised keyword such as DISCOUNT to 69973 to receive promotional alerts from Discount Ramps.
For help, Text HELP to 69973, or call 1-888-651-3431 for assistance.
To opt out, Text STOP to 69973
Identity Resolution Privacy Policy Updates “We also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them marketing on our behalf (i.e. email or direct mail). Our partners may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, and information about your browser or operating system; may combine personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. This activity enables them to identify you to facilitate the delivery of marketing on our behalf. To opt out of recognition services, please go to https://idx.listrakbi.com/opt-out.html. To opt out of third-party cookies, please go to https://www.aboutads.info/choices.”
Home
Powersports
Motorcycle
Ramps
Motorcycle Carriers
Motorcycle Dollies
Lifts-Jacks-Stands
Service Equipment
Wheel Chocks
Covers - Shelters
Tie Downs
Motorcycle Trailers
Shop Kits
Transport Kits
ATV
Ramps
Luggage & Storage
Covers
Tie Downs
ATV Carriers
Accessories
Lifts-Jacks-Stands
ATV Trailers
Shop Kits
Snowmobile
Ramps
Lifts & Stands
Dollies
Covers
Ski Guides & Trailer Accessories
Shop Kits
Trailering Kits
UTV & Golf Cart
Ramps
UTV Accessories
Luggage & Storage
Golf Cart Accessories
Covers
Windshields
PWC & JET SKI
Mobility
Wheelchair Ramps
Portable
Van & Vehicle
Threshold
Modular
Lifts & Carriers
Scooters & Power Chairs
Scooter & Wheelchair Accessories
Covers
Tie Downs
Wheelchair Bags / Baskets
Mobility Aids
Manual Wheelchairs
Rollators
Bathroom Safety Products
Grab Bars
Toilet Seats & Commodes
Shower Seats & Benches
Daily Living
Medical Beds and Bedding
Fitness Equipment
Mobility Value Bundles
Commercial
Loading Dock & Warehouse
Forklift & Yard Ramps
Dock Plates, Boards
& Levelers
Container Ramps
Curb Ramps
Loading Dock Bumpers
Hand Trucks
Forklift Work Platforms
Forklift Hoppers
Forklift Lift Booms
Traffic & Safety
Cable Ramps
Parking Stops & Blocks
Speed Bumps & Humps
Safety Bollards and Barriers
Wheel Chocks
Wall & Corner Guards
Hose Ramps
Non-Slip Stair Treads
Aircraft Wheel Chocks
Landscaping
Lawn Mower Ramps
Shed Ramps
Ground Protection Mats
Lawn Mower & Snow Blower Covers
Salt Spreaders
Military Ramps
Automotive
Automotive Ramps
Car / Truck Service Ramps
Car & Truck Loading Ramps
Roof Racks
Roof Rack Cross Bars
Roof Rack Baskets
Roof Bags and Boxes
Roof Bike Racks
Canoe & Kayak Racks
Ski & Snowboard Racks
Van Racks
Pickup Truck Accessories
Pickup Truck Racks
Truck Bed Accessories
Tie Downs & Cargo Nets
Offroad Accessories
Trailer Dollies
Hitch Mounted Products
Cargo Carriers
Motorcycle Carriers
ATV Carriers
Lifts & Carriers
Hitch Mount Bike Racks
Trailer Hitch Receivers & Ball Mounts
Hitch Adapters
Hitch Accessories
Trailers & Accessories
Car & Truck Covers
Carports
Shop Equipment
Jacks & Stands
Cranes, Hoists & Shop Presses
Creepers and Shop Seats
Car / Truck Service Ramps
Car & Truck Loading Ramps
Recreation
Biking
Racks & Carriers
Storage & Stands
Trailers
Accessories
BMX & Skateboard Ramps
Boating
Boating Accessories
Boarding Ladders, Steps, & Ramps
Outboard Motor Stands
Shore Docks & Piers
Boat Tie Down Straps
Beach Accessories
Boat Covers
Hunting
Deer & Game Hoists
Game Carts & Carriers
Tools and Accessories
Gun Cases and Racks
Paddling
Canoe & Kayak Racks
Canoe & Kayak Trailers
Paddle Board Products
Pet
Ramps
Stairs & Steps
Strollers & Trailers
Truck & Trailer
Heavy Duty Loading Ramps
Step Deck Trailer Ramps & Levelers
Car & Truck Loading Ramps
Construction Equipment Loading Ramps
Walk Ramps
Truck Trailer Accessories
Underbody Toolboxes
Trailer Ladders
Cargo Control
1" Tie Down Straps
2" Tie Down Straps
4" Tie Down Straps
A, E & L Cargo Track Tie Downs
Car & Truck Hauler Tie Downs
Cargo Nets
Tow Straps
Chains, Hooks & Load Binders
Cargo Load Bars
Sale
Holiday Doorbusters
Snowmobile Event
Hunting Event
Clearance Sale
Open Box Specials
My Account
Favorites