https://www.blinds-2go.co.uk/terms.htm
Our phones are very busy, skip the queue & get solutions online here
8 million windows covered
20
years of exceptional service
Over
125,000
reviews
We're rated as 'Excellent'
Incredible Prices, Premium Style
Amazing savings on 1000's of styles
Close
Filter:
Type
Terms & conditions
Please read these product terms and conditions carefully as they set out the terms under which Blinds 2go makes the products available to you ("Product Terms"). You must read and agree with our terms and conditions before buying online or over the phone.
When buying goods from our website you enter an agreement with Blinds 2go, 1 Longwall Avenue, Queens Drive Industrial Estate, Nottingham, NG2 1NA trading as www.blinds-2go.co.uk. The agreement will be concluded when you place the order.
1. Our Products:
a) Descriptions and photography
The products we sell are either photographed or digitally produced and are accurately displayed on the website, however, due to different types, styles and settings of computer monitors shading and colour may appear differently to the exact colour. Due to this we strongly advise that you request a free sample before placing your order to ensure that you are happy with the colour and also quality before ordering. Whilst every attempt will be made by Blinds 2go to ensure that the goods sold and delivered match in every respect any sample or description shown or sent to you, any minor or immaterial variation, change in colour or pattern between the sample or description and the goods delivered shall not entitle you to reject the goods nor to claim any compensation for such variation or change.
b) Measurements
Many of the goods we sell are made according to your sizes. It is your responsibility to take the correct measurements of your window, curtain pole or track. If you are unsure about any products or how to measure please call our customer services team for help before ordering or consult the online measuring guide. You must check the product details and measurements of the goods before placing your order online or by phone and are responsible for checking the order via the email confirmation. We cannot accept returns or refund the money if you have given us incorrect measurements as we will not be able to resell the goods as they are made to measure.
c) Made to measure products
Made to measure products are custom made to your precise requirements. Once made our products are suitable only to you and therefore cannot be cancelled or returned. Because of this it is extremely important that you are sure about the product that you want and also the size you require. We advise that you take advantage of our free sample service before placing an order, Blinds 2go cannot be held responsible if you dislike the colour or the general quality of the product. We strongly recommend that you double check your order to ensure that the products ordered and measurements taken are correct. This does not affect your statutory rights.
d) Skylight blinds
We are happy to accept returns on all our own brand skylight blinds. To qualify for a refund you must return the items within 7 working days of delivery. Skylight blinds must be unused and in a resalable condition. Before returning your items, please contact us via email or telephone to arrange your refund. We recommend that you return your skylight blinds via courier to ensure they arrive safely. Once we have received and checked the returns to make sure they're in resalable condition, we will refund you in full, including the original delivery fee. We are unable to refund the cost of returning the items to us.
e) Tolerance
Please note that fabric is cut by highly skilled professionals who will be as accurate as possible within a variance of +/- 3cm. We will not replace the order if the sizes are within this tolerance limit and you will not be entitled to reject the goods.
f) Fabric
Most fabrics are dyed and therefore each batch can vary slightly in shade. Due to colour variations between product batches we cannot guarantee shade matching for previous orders, in addition the sample despatched to you may also be slightly different in shade to the eventual order received. Due to the print design of some pattern fabrics it may be that the sample despatched does not show the full range of colours or pattern design, if you are in any doubt as to the precise nature of the fabric you are advised to call our customer services team for further advice.
2. Order processing and our contract:
a) Order cancellation or amendments
When ordering your goods you are agreeing to a legal binding contract. According to Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013, made to measure goods, e.g. blinds are excluded from this legislation and the 7 day cancellation rights do not apply. Cancellations are still possible and a full refund will be issued as long as products or parts of them have not been made. In the event that your goods have already been made we are unable to refund your money. Telephone us as soon as possible if you wish to cancel or change an order and we can check if the order has gone into production. We strongly advise that you check the email confirmation of your order to ensure that you have placed the order correctly.
b) Ordering by telephone
Our customer services team will always repeat orders back to you; please be advised that we do not accept claims based on incorrect sizes or products being inputted by us; therefore in the case of orders placed over the telephone we cannot accept such claims. After placing the order please check the order details on the email confirmation.
3. Prices
The price you will pay is the price shown at the checkout and on your confirmation email, these prices are inclusive of VAT and the total price shown is the price you will pay. (Deliveries to certain areas are subject to extra charges after an order has been placed, e.g. Republic of Ireland and Channel Islands, we will inform you of the extra charge from the carrier as soon as possible and you have the option to cancel the order if the extra charge is not accepted.) On receipt of your confirmation email check to ensure you are completely happy with the price of the goods ordered.
4. Payment
When ordering products from the Blinds 2go website we can only process your order when the goods ordered have been paid for in full by credit or debit card. You can pay on-line with all major credit cards, debit cards and PayPal. Your payment card details will be encrypted to minimise the possibility of unauthorised access or disclosure. Authority for payment must be given at the time of order. You will be charged for items at the point of order. Our liability to you in connection with any order will not exceed the total price charged for the relevant items. We accept internet orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, for example, 3.0 version or higher of Explorer and versions 3.02 or higher of Netscape. This means you cannot inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.
5. Acceptance
We have the right to cancel your order if:
1) We have insufficient stock to make and deliver the goods ordered.
2) If you have ordered from an island or country where we do not deliver.
3) The goods ordered unbeknown to us have been discontinued.
4) A pricing error or typing error has occurred due to system failure within our database or website.
If for any reason beyond our reasonable control, we are unable to supply a particular item, we will notify you as soon as possible. No discounts or compensation can be offered under these unforeseen circumstances.
6. Delivery of your goods
We specify an estimated dispatch time on the landing page of each product, please note that if we specify 7 days it means 7 working days from the moment payment reached our bank account (usually within 24 hours). The specified delivery terms do not apply during busy times of the year, e.g. bank holidays and the Christmas period. A more specific dispatch date is available from the order tracking login once the order has been placed. (Deliveries to certain areas are subject to extra charges after an order has been placed, e.g. Republic of Ireland and Channel Islands, we will inform you of the extra charge from the carrier as soon as possible. You have the option to cancel the order if the extra charge is not accepted.) Delivery will be made to the address specified by you. Please note that we can only deliver products within mainland UK. All deliveries will be made to you by our courier. We do our best to secure delivery within the period quoted but shall not be liable for loss occasioned by delay in delivery or arising out of any cause beyond our control. We advise you not to book a fitter to install a product until the order has been delivered and that you have checked that there are no defects and that all parts are complete.
7. Defective and damaged goods
All Blinds 2go products are rigorously quality checked before dispatch but in the unlikely event that you experience any problems please e-mail us at help@blinds-2go.co.uk or call our customer service team on 0800 862 0464. You have 7 days following receipt of your goods to report any damaged or defective goods due to manufacturing, or damage caused while being in the delivery process. We will deal with your queries promptly and if necessary arrange for a replacement to be sent. We reserve the right to ask for digital pictures with regards to the issues reported or to ask for the product to be returned to us for inspection. This does not affect your statutory rights.
8. Guarantee
Blinds 2go offer a 12 month manufacturers guarantee on manufacturing faults. In addition we offer a limited guarantee for a further four years making a total of 5 years. We reserve the right to either replace or repair the product and it may be necessary to return the goods to us for inspection prior to a replacement product being despatched. This does not affect your statutory rights.
9. General
These Product Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the English courts. If any of these Product Terms is held by any court of competent authority to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this will not affect the validity of the remaining Product Terms which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will never pass your details on to any third party without your express permission. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
• Your name
• address
• phone number
• email address
• credit/debit card details
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at help@blinds-2go.co.uk.
Don't take our word for it, we've got over
125,000
great reviews
Good quality
Good quality, good service.
I have ordered blackout blinds for a …
I have ordered blackout blinds for a standard window and one for a french window.
I was extremely pleased with all.
They are easy to install, feel ...
Brilliant
Brilliant. Company sent free samples of lots of different blinds. Ordered blinds using the made to measure service. Blinds arrived promptly. Fitted ...
So happy!!
The whole process was so easy. I chose several options and received fabric samples by return. Chose the one I liked, measured up and ordered my ...
found website easy to negotiate and …
found website easy to negotiate and order from,blinds excellent,would recommend to anyone.
Blinds arrived in good time
Blinds arrived in good time, are of decent quality for the price and look nice enough
Highly recommended!!
Easy to use website, blinds arrived within a few days and fitted perfectly. They are exactly what I ordered! So pleased!! Highly recommended. Only ...
Really good value and good quality!
Really good value and good quality!
Brilliant ??
Brilliant ??
Easy affordable quality
Easy affordable quality
Large kitchen blind
Ordered a faux wooden Venetian bind for kitchen , great price and quality. Quick service and delivery, have had couple of orders and never ...
Excellent service.
Excellent service.
Blinds I have wanted for a sunny window.
Very easy to use and order the blinds you choose. Speedy delivery before the allotted
time.
Easy to follow instructions and any fitting ...
Excellent service
Excellent service. Blinds arrived really quickly and, although I haven't put them up yet, I'm sure they will look great. Very pleased.
one of the blinds did not work
Unfortunately one of the blinds did not work as the rotating metal bar that should wind up the strings on the Roman blind was not engaged in the ...
The tapes on the blinds to not match …
The tapes on the blinds to not match the slats and the blinds do not resemble the picture as advertised.
Excellent company
Well made blind would recommend this company to all my friends very quick delivery as well ,and measuring was easy .
Price good
Price good. Poor quality
Really easy to order
Really easy to order. Really good quality, highly recommended
This is the fourth blind I have ordered …
This is the fourth blind I have ordered from Blinds2go and will probably be the last.
I felt the quality was not as good as my previous purchases ...
Brilliant service..blinds are excellent
Brilliant service..blinds are excellent
Excellent service
Excellent service - delivered within 24 hours - good quality and simple to install.
Very pleased with my blinds
Very pleased with my blinds
Exactly as discribed
great product excellent service and …
great product excellent service and easy to order
Very well made product & fast delivery
Very well made product & fast delivery
Bathroom blind
The website was easy to use and getting a sample is a brilliant idea.
I chose my blind with the second sample sent.
The service was great and the ...
Beautiful blind
Beautiful blind, really pleased.
Great quality and looks great in our newly refurbished bathroom.
Thank you.
All good except need better instruction …
All good except need better instruction sheet with clearer diagrams needed, perhaps because we are of a certain age
Easy website to use
Easy website to use, simple instructions as to how to order. Item delivered as promised and was kept fully informed about status of order throughout. ...
High quality and prompt service.
High quality and prompt service. I ordered two blinds but made a mistake with the fabric on one of them. The young man I spoke to on the phone ...
BACK TO TOP
Success!
Items now safely added to your basket:
View your shopping basket
Close
Cookie policy, this site uses cookies to improve your user experience. By using this site you agree to these cookies being set.
Agree