http://www.barrelbbqgrills.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
BBQ Hacks
Contact
Advertise With Us
Legal
Disclaimer
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:BBQ Grills ("BBQ Grill") operates http://143.95.2.115/~barrelb and may operate other websites. It is BBQ Grills's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, BBQ Grill collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. BBQ Grills's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how BBQ Grills's visitors use its website. From time to time, BBQ Grill may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
BBQ Grill also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://143.95.2.115/~barrelb blogs/sites. BBQ Grill only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to BBQ Grills's websites choose to interact with BBQ Grill in ways that require BBQ Grill to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that BBQ Grill gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://143.95.2.115/~barrelb to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with BBQ Grill are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, BBQ Grill collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with BBQ Grill. BBQ Grill does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
BBQ Grill may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. BBQ Grill may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, BBQ Grill does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
BBQ Grill discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on BBQ Grills's behalf or to provide services available at BBQ Grills's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using BBQ Grills's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. BBQ Grill will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, BBQ Grill discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when BBQ Grill believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of BBQ Grill, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an BBQ Grill website and have supplied your email address, BBQ Grill may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with BBQ Grill and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. BBQ Grill takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. BBQ Grill uses cookies to help BBQ Grill identify and track visitors, their usage of BBQ Grill website, and their website access preferences. BBQ Grill visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using BBQ Grills's websites, with the drawback that certain features of BBQ Grills's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If BBQ Grill, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that BBQ Grill goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of BBQ Grill may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by BBQ Grill and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, BBQ Grill may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in BBQ Grills's sole discretion. BBQ Grill encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://143.95.2.115/~barrelb account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on TwitterTweet
Share on Pinterest
Share
Share on LinkedIn
Share
Follow Us:
Search for:
Author
Hey fellow BBQ lover, John Jacobs here. This is a picture of me grilling some meat in my garden. If you have anything to ask me about please feel free to send me a message.
Latest Posts
Weber Q 120 Gas Grill Review – My New Best Friend For The Summer
12. Aug , 2017 No Comments
9 Awesome BBQ Hacks
27. Jul , 2017 No Comments
Categories
BBQ Hacks
Lets Grill!!