http://www.spandexworld.com/help-faq
Login
Cart 0
Support
(212) 391-2310
Home
Quick Help/FAQ
Pages
About UsContact usQuick Help/FAQPrivacy StatementInternational order/return policySample PolicyKnowledge CenterDomestic order/return policyTerms and Conditions
Site Map
About us
FAQ/Help
International order/return policy
Domestic order/return policy
Spandex knowledge center
General Queries
Do you have a showroom?
Yes, we do. We have two physical stores located in New York. One in Garment District, Manhattan and one in Long Island City, Queens. Please find the addresses and contact information here: https://www.spandexworld.com/contact-us
Do you offer a printed catalog?
As we update our inventory on a regular basis, we do not offer any printed catalog or swatch book at this time. You can find all of our fabrics on our website with images, descriptions and price of the fabric. You can also order individual samples or customized swatch cards from our website: https://www.spandexworld.com/sample
Do you sell fabric samples?
Yes, we do sell samples for most of our fabrics. Please find the “Order Sample”button associated with each fabric. You can order up to 20 swatches at a time. Please note that, samples are non-returnable.
What is the size of sample swatch?
Our standard sample size is 3 inches by 3 inches. You can find all the necessary information regarding samples here: https://www.spandexworld.com/sample-policy
Do you ship the fabric in pieces?
We try to ship the fabric in one continuous piece. Our maximum size of roll is 25-50 yards. For any reason, if we must ship in multiple pieces, our customer service department will notify you prior the shipment.
Can you ship my orders in Rolls?
Yes, we can ship your order in rolls. However, there is an additional fee of USD $12.00 + shipping cost for domestic orders only.
What types of fabric do you offer?
We offer a great selection of high-quality stretch fabrics. Nylon Spandex/Poly Spandex, Stretch Lace, Stretch Velvet, Printed Spandex are just a few of the many styles that we offer. Join our newsletter for new arrivals, promotion and clearance updates.
What is High Performance Spandex?
High Performance Spandex is a 4-way stretch high functioning fabric with a soft hand feel with wicking and breathability. It has a very good moisture management, making it perfect for high performance activewear, sportswear or athletic wear.
Do you test your fabrics?
Yes, we do. All of our Milliskin Shiny & Matte spandex fabrics have been tested and have been rated at 50+ blocks 99-99.5% of all UV rays. We recommend you to do your own testing before making garments.
Where can I test the fabric?
Fortunately, most of the fashion institutes have fabric testing facilities.
What if an item is out of stock while on sale/promotion?
If an item is out of stock while on sale, you may wish to contact our customer service representatives at (212) 291-3210 or at sales@spandexworld.com. Please note that, since many of the fabrics we carry are unique, we are sometimes unable to restock them depending on the mill who manufactures them. If the mill has the desired item/s, then we can reorder/restock the item/s for you. You will still receive the sale/discounted price for the restocked item/s.
Do you ship internationally?
Yes, we do. Please review our International Order Policies for more information: https://www.spandexworld.com/international-order-policy
Orders & Returns
How to Place an Order?
Orders can be placed on our website or by phone at (212) 391-2310. Simply use our navigation bar to find the fabrics you like and add them to the cart. Once you finish shopping, you may continue to checkout process by clicking “Proceed to Checkout” button and follow the instructions. You may update your cart and apply any coupon or promotional codes before the final confirmation.
Why do I need to Sign Up?
We need you to sign up as a new customer prior to placing an order, so, we can keep a record of your account and order related information.
How do I Sign Up or Log in to My Account?
You can sign up as a new customer by clicking the link below: https://spandexworld.com/c3/account/register
You can log into your account by clicking the link below: https://spandexworld.com/c3/account/login
What is the minimum order requirement?
Our minimum order requirement is 1 yard and USD $20 in cart total.
Can I place an order by phone?
Yes, you can. Please call our customer service team at (212) 391-2310 to place a phone order.
Can children use spandexworld.com?
Spandex World Inc. does not intend to sell any products for purchase by children. If anyone is under the age of 18, he/she must be accompanied by a parent or guardian when using our website.
Will I get a confirmation after placing the order?
Yes, you will receive a confirmation email after placing the order.
How do I check my order status?
You can check order status online by visiting Your Online Account>Your Recent Orders. You may also call our customer service team at (212) 391-2310 or email us at orders@spandexworld.com to know your order update. Our customer service office hours are Monday-Friday, 9AM to 5PM.
Can I cancel or modify my order?
If you wish to cancel or modify your order, you may call our customer service team at (212) 391-2310 or email us at orders@spandexworld.com within an hour to make any changes. Our customer service office hours are Monday-Friday, 9AM to 5PM.
Can I pick up my order at your physical store?
Yes, you can. If you wish to pick up your order at our physical store, please leave a note while placing the order or call customer service at 212-391-2310 to arrange a pick-up for your order.
Can I return an item at a physical store purchased online?
Yes, you can return an online purchased item at our physical store within 10 days from the day you received the package.
Account
How can I create an online account at spandexworld.com?
You can create an account at spandexworld.com by creating a username and password. We suggest you to use your email address as your username. Please visit https://spandexworld.com/c3/account/register
How can I reset my password?
If you forgot and/or wish to reset your password, please go the login page and click “forgot your password” link and enter your email address. Or click the link https://spandexworld.com/c3/account/forgot-password to reset your password. You will receive an automated email with the information on how to reset your password. Also you can call us at (212) 391-2310 and request for your password rest.
Payments
What Kind of payment methods do you accept?
We accept all major credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover), and PayPal.
Is my payment information secured on the website?
Yes, Spandex World, guarantees that your credit card details are completely secure. All of your information are encrypted to ensure overall security. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy: https://www.spandexworld.com/privacy-statement
An error message is shown on checkout, what should I do?
Please review all information carefully. Make sure the billing address that you’ve provided for your credit card matches the billing address that is registered with your bank. If you still receive an error message, call your credit card’s issuing bank and verify that the billing address they have on file is the same address that you have given us. If the problem continues, you are welcome to call our customer service department at (212) 391-2310 during our operational hours Monday through Friday, 9 am - 5 pm EST.
When my credit cards will be charged?
Your credit card will be charged, once your order has been processed; which includes inventory check, payment verification and packing for the shipment.
Do you accept check as a form of payment?
Yes, we do. If you wish to pay by checks, you have to place the order over the phone at (212) 391-2310. Our customer service representative will provide you with further details.
How do I use C.O.D as payment method?
You are welcome to order as Cash On Delivery (C.O.D) if you have ordered from us in the past. Please call us at (212) 391-2310 to find out if you qualify for C.O.D payment option. All C.O.D payments must be received in the form of a certified cashier’s check or money order. Please note, $11 additional charge will be applied to your order.
What is Pay with PayPal?
PayPal allows you to make payments using a variety of methods including: PayPal balance, bank account, PayPal branded debit and credit cards, PayPal Credit, debit card, and credit card. Visit
www.paypal.com for more information.