https://www.silkplantscanada.com/privacy-policy
Customize
Active CMS Builder Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy Times and Things are Changing...We are still able to ship your orders while following all official government agencies and health organizations' guidelines and rulings pertaining to conducting business during the current health concerns.Our sales reps and select team members remain ready and available to help you during our usual business hours from 9:00-5:00 PST. As always, Silkplantscanada.com is open 24/7 for you to browse, order, and manage your account.Stay safe and be well.Silkplantscanada.com Team   Policy Statement Changes We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time without written notice. Privacy Policy RG's Creative Plant Interiors Inc is committed to providing its customers with products and services that provide quality, customer service and value. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Our Online Privacy Policy continues our commitment to serve you and to protect your privacy online.
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated. This policy may change from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site so please check back periodically. By using this service after any changes have been made, you indicate your acceptance to those changes.
Information we collectWhen required, certain features on our site will ask you to register. When you register, we collect personally identifiable information about you: your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, user name and password, and any other demographic information, such as income, age, you may have provided to us which will assist in setting up your account. We use this information to help us to make our sites more useful to you. Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a customized experience on our website and to deliver better information. Under no circumstances will this information be sold or distributed to any third party or entity.
When you use our website, we also collect your IP address, browser type, domain name and access time, and keep records on this information. This information does not identify you personally, it is collected for aggregate only reporting on site activity used by us. Your information will only be used in our business for normal customer service purposes.CookiesTo help our site serve your needs better, we use cookies to store and sometimes track information. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies assign a unique number that resides on your computer. Cookies allow us to keep track of your user name and password (if required for certain areas of content). SSLOur website uses Secure Commerce Server technology to ensure the security of your personal information, which is encrypted and protected with the highest standard in the industry- SSL. Once you enter the Customer Information Page our computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following: - The "http" in the web address bar will be replaced by "https"