https://www.perfectpieces.co.uk/terms.php
Established Online Since 2003
View Basket
Home
View ALL Stock
Blog
Collectors Guide
Contact
Pieces Under £25
Pieces £25-£50
Pieces £51-£150
Pieces £151-£250
Pieces Over £250
***** Merry Christmas ***** From PerfectPieces.co.uk
Terms & Conditions
Please note that your usage of this website ("PerfectPieces.co.uk") constitutes acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Terms & Conditions of Website Usage
Terms & Conditions of Sale
These are the Perfect Pieces Terms & Conditions of Sale. They provide an explanation of the policies and procedures implemented by Perfect Pieces so that you can be sure of what to expect when entering into a transaction with Perfect Pieces.
Please be aware that all purchases made from Perfect Pieces are subject to the Terms & Conditions below. These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights and in all cases shall be subject to English Law only.
Descriptions: All the descriptions provided for goods on sale from this Site are to the best of our knowledge truthful and accurate. However, they are provided as guide only and do not form part of any Sales Agreement.
Placing an Order: Upon receipt of an order, Perfect Pieces will provide e-mail confirmation of this order to the e-mail address provided by the buyer in the order. This confirmation shall include a confirmation of the items ordered, their total price, including any additional charges which apply, and instructions on how to proceed with the sale.
Stock Availability: If any items included in an order should fail to be available from Perfect Pieces' stock, then the buyer will be notified by e-mail or telephone.
If any payment has already been taken from the buyer for items which are unavailable, then a refund for the full purchase price of the unavailable goods will be provided as soon as reasonably possible but in any event no later than 30 days from the date of the order.
Payment Policy: Payment is accepted by UK Pounds Sterling Cheques made payable to "Perfect Pieces", UK Postal Orders, International Moneygrams and Paypal only. In the event of payment by cheque, goods are not dispatched until the funds have been credited to our bank account.
The buyer takes full responsibility for any import duties or other taxes levied in their country of residence. Perfect Pieces is unable to advise what these might be nor can Perfect Pieces accept any responsibility for such charges. In case of doubt, buyers should contact their local Customs office for advice.
UK Shipping Policy: All of our UK parcels are shipped using services that are tracked and signed for at the point of delivery. Most parcels are sent using one of the following services:
Royal Mail Special Delivery
Royal Mail 1st & 2nd Class Recorded Delivery
ParcelForce 48We also use various courier services (e.g. DHL) where the services above cannot meet our requirements.
International Shipping Policy: All international sales are sent by tracked services requiring a signature on delivery. Most international shipments are sent using Royal Mail International Signed For but we also use reputable courier services when Royal Mail's service cannot meet our requirements. We do not send items by surface mail.
Goods arriving damaged or not as described: We take extreme care in packing all items, and do everything possible to ensure that goods arrive safely. However, in the case that an order should arrive damaged or otherwise not as described at the time of sale, the buyer must notify Perfect Pieces by e-mail within 7 days of receipt of the goods.
If for any other reason you are not fully satisfied with your purchase from Perfect Pieces, you must contact us by e-mail within 7 days of receipt of the order.
Returns: Returns can only be accepted by prior arrangement with Perfect Pieces. Once agreed, the goods should be returned to Perfect Pieces at the buyer's expense. They should be packed in the original packaging wherever possible, or failing that in packaging of an equal standard. Perfect Pieces will then inspect the item and issue a refund as deemed appropriate by Perfect Pieces, dependent on their assessment of the damage.
UK Customers: All returns must be received by Perfect Pieces within 14 days of customer delivery.
Terms & Conditions of Website Usage
Introduction
Use of this website ("PerfectPieces.co.uk") constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Perfect Pieces ("The Website Owner"), including subsidiaries and affiliates ("Website" or "Website Owner" or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ("website" or "PerfectPieces.co.uk") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as "you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website.
The Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. You rely on the information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
Trade Marks & Copyright
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
All text, graphics, photographs, programming code and design on this site is the copyright of Perfect Pieces, unless otherwise stated. No use of any of the content on this site is permitted without prior written permission.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. Please contact us if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.
Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Disclaimer of Liability
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party, as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use of the Website
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
General
Entire AgreementThese website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
AlterationThe Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
ConflictWhere any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.WaiverNo indulgence or extension of time which either you or the Website Owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether by estoppel or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent that the grantor has signed a written document expressly waiving or limiting such rights.
CessionThe Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices to any third party.
SeverabilityAll provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
Applicable LawsAny relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Great Britain without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of Great Britain in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter related to or in connection therewith.
Comments or QuestionsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.
Current StockPenDelfinPenDelfin RabbitsPenDelfin StandsPenDelfin Family CirclePenDelfin Books & BrochuresTrains & ModelsOther PotteryTroika Pottery
BOOKS
VIEW ALL STOCK
"I had intended it for a Christmas gift but it is too nice to give away. Thank you for your swift attention & speedy delivery." P. Murphy
You do NOT need to join Paypal to buy!
"A lovely item, just as described and very well packed with quick delivery. Couldn't be happier!" P. Horton
Pottery Books
Please Note: If you buy something from Amazon after clicking on any of the Amazon links on PerfectPieces.co.uk, we will receive a small referral fee.
Read our NEWSLETTER
Return To Home Page
About
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Links
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Perfect Pieces
Web Copywriting by rolandhead.com