https://www.vitraders.com/privacy-policy/
VItraders.com values you and respects your privacy. Any information collected is used solely to support our relationship with you, improve product offering and to communicate with you about products, services and promotions. VItraders.com recognizes that we have a responsibility to maintain and protect your information. We have worked diligently to provide a user-friendly and safe online shopping environment that features unique products. Please read over the information below to better understand the website’s privacy policy. By visiting VItraders.com, you are accepting the practices described in this notice.
What information is collected and why?
We collect information you provide when you place an order, register with us, send us an e-mail, call us or subscribe for newsletters. This information may include the following: your name, mailing address, e-mail, phone number, payment information. It may also include information you submit about other people; for example, the name, email, mailing address of a gift recipient. We use information you submit about other people in order to deliver the products or services ordered by you for receipt by them.
The information we collect is used: to deliver information, products or services specifically ordered by you; generally improve the content and layout of our website; to notify you about updates to our website; to contact you when we have sales and promotions; for internal review.
Please note that when you provide us with your e-mail address during the order process, we will send you confirmation of your order and confirmation of shipment via e-mail even if you have chosen not to receive future e-mails from us about our products and services via our newsletter.
We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order. We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
The information collected is never shared with third party companies for marketing purposes.
What are “cookies”?
Most websites, including VItraders.com, collect data about visitors through the use of “cookies”. Cookies are identifiers that help our system to recognize you as a repeat visitor by assigning a random number to your computer. This is done in order to track content preferences, visitation patterns and to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Through cookies we may also: alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our website; record past activity at our website in order to provide you better service when you return to our website; or customize Web page content based on your browser type or other information that you send us.
How do you know your information is secure?
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your information on our website. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we will redirect you to a secure server. When you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window, then your website is secured through Secure Sockets Layer.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
From time to time we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our Privacy Notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the privacy notice page of our website.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Receive coupons, discounts and product updates.
Email
subscribe
Company
About Us
PO Box 9678St. Thomas, VI 00801(340) 227-8121
Help
FAQ's
Orders, Shipping & Returns
Quick Links
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Follow Us
Opens in a new tabOpens in a new tabOpens in a new tab
Copyright © 2001 – 2020 VInow.com All rights reserved.
Close Menu
×Cart