http://www.1800usaband.com/privacy
Woodwinds
Brasswinds
Percussion
Strings
Accessories
Services & Resources
Contact Us
1-800-872-2263
Wish List
Sign In
Woodwinds
Brasswinds
Percussion
Strings
Accessories
Services & Resources
Contact Us
Search
All Categories
AccessoriesBrasswindsPercussionStringsWoodwinds
Call us for your Holiday Shopping Needs! Curbside Delivery, Ship or Stop In!
Our Privacy Pledge To YouWelcome to taylormusic.com, the Official Web Site and E-Commerce Division for Taylor Music, Inc., Aberdeen, South Dakota 57401 USA.
OUR PRIVACY PLEDGE TO YOUTaylor Music, Inc. is committed to protecting your personal information both online and offline. We understand that security and privacy are important issues for visitors to our taylormusic.com Web Site (hereinafter called the "Site"). We want your experience with our Site to be a pleasant and secure experience and we recognize our obligation to keep your information secure and confidential. The following information explains our commitment to protecting your privacy.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTEDWhen you access the Site, our web server collects certain information solely for statistical purposes to analyze general browsing trends located on our Site. The information collected is as follows:
IP Address:  We collect IP addresses/Domain Name to gauge our site traffic. Your IP address is linked to your customer information only if you place an order on-line. This is required for tracking the origin of the order being submitted for security purposes only. Otherwise, your IP address is NOT LINKED to your customer information.
Browser Type:  To help us optimize our site to match the latest technology used by our customers we collect the type of browser you are using (Example: Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer).
How You Located Our Web Site:  If you come to our Site through a link, the location of the referring link is captured. This is used to help us know where our users come from and is used for statistical analysis only.
Browsing Throughout Our Site:  We note pages you visit, the length of your visit and other general browsing trends to help us analyze our site's usage and make improvements to our web site.
Cookies:  We use Session Only Cookies to track how users come to our site. These cookies are deleted when the user leaves our site and are NEVER used to store personally identifiable information. How users come to our site is linked to customer information only if they place an order on-line. This information is used to gauge the effectiveness of on-line advertising, promotional campaigns and traffic from partner websites.Information You Give Us:  General browsing of our Web Site does not require that your personal information be entered. However, there are instances on our site where personal information is necessary in order to successfully complete a specific task such as an order or information request. We use the information that you provide only to fulfill the necessary task and for no other purpose.
Below are examples of times when you may need to provide personal information:
- Requesting information in relation to products and services of our business.- Placing an Order On-Line - Requesting to be sent our Taylor Music Newsletter- General email correspondence.We require only the amount of personal information that is needed for safely processing your on-line order and for contacting you about your transactions and information requests. Such information is used only for such purpose.
SECURITY
Online ProtectionWhen you place an order on line, sensitive information such as a credit card number, social security number, phone and address information may be required. For your protection, our Site is certified by Trustwave. This is your assurance that our Site is authentic and that we are employing SSL security. We employ encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) on all personally identifiable information placed online. You can check this security protection setting within your browser. To view our Trustwave certificate, click on the image at the bottom of your browser.
How to check if you are on a Secure PageLook for the LOCK ICON. If you are simply browsing the web site, no lock icon will generally appear. However, if you are placing an order that requires sensitive information be submitted, the lock icon will appear on the bottom of your Web browser. This confirms your information will be encrypted during transmission using SSL technology.Offline Protection  When information is processed at our Taylor Music, Inc. location only the necessary employees who need your information to process your order or information request will have access to your personally identifiable information. The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment in a locked data center.
Third-Party Sources and Your InformationTHIS SITE EMPLOYS A STRICT NO-SPAM POLICY. WE WILL NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION! As with any business, we do employ or authorize other com­panies and entities to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples of such other companies may include those filling orders, delivering parcels, transporting postal mail and email, purging customer lists, and handling credit card payments. Such companies and entities have access to personal information needed to perform their tasks, but cannot use such information for any other purpose.PRIVACY IN REGARDS TO CHILDRENThe Site does sell products which may be useable by children. However, such products are intended for purchase by adults only. We cannot prohibit minors from visiting this Site. We must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising minors under the age of 18 to decide which materials are appropriate for such children to purchase. If you are under 18 years of age, you may submit personal information (name, address, phone, etc.) only with a parent or guardian's participation and permis­sion. If you provide any personal information such as address, credit card number, social security number, or any other personal information, by your use, you confirm that you are over the age of 18 or have parental-guardian participation.
OTHER WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICIESThe Site contains links to other sites for added informational purposes. We do not endorse nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of these web sites. We recommend you read carefully the privacy policies of each of these external web sites for the protection of your own personal identifiable information.
UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO OUR POLICYThis Privacy Policy may change from time to time to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of our Web Site, please contact us at privacy@taylormusic.com.
School Services
Beginner Band PricesBeginner Band Video30 Payment Terms10 Payment TermsSchool Payment PlansSchool Purchase OrdersInstrument TradingRepair Department
Customer Services
Conditions of UseAbout UsPoliciesShipping & ReturnsFAQInstrument Care
Links
Manufacturers
Hours of Operation
Mon-Fri:  8:30-5:30 CSTPhone 1-800-872-2263Fax 1-605-225-2051513 S Main St • Aberdeen, SD 57401
FAQ's, Services, Resources
FAQ'sRepair DeptServices
Purchasing Co-Ops
We are an awarded BuyBoard vendor & other purchasing cooperatives.