http://www.meadowmania.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Freephone: 0800 0854399
Email: shop@meadowmania.co.uk
Home
About us
Advice
Free Seed Catalogue
Customers' Meadows
Log In
Freephone: 0800 0854399
Email: shop@meadowmania.co.uk
There are 0 items in your basket
My Account
Checkout
Menu
Cart
Home
Wild FlowersView All Wild FlowersWildflower Meadow SeedWildflower Seed 100% UK MixesBeautiful Wildflower MeadowsWildflower Mixes for BordersPerennial wild flower plug plantsWild flower plug plant mixturesWild Flower Bulbs (aut. planting)Cornfield annual seedUrban Pollinator Seed MixesWildflower Seed PacketsWildflower Seeds BulkBasic meadow mixMeadow Grass SeedLawn SeedView All Lawn SeedLarge amenity areasTop Quality lawnsGrass seed for Sports fields Woodland shady areas grass seed Miscellaneous amenity mixesLawn EquipmentGrass SeedHorsesClovers & Green ManuresNative HedgingBird Feed & Nest BoxesView All Bird Feed & Nest BoxesWild Bird Seed MixesBird & Insect Homes About us
News
Customer's Meadows
Login
Home
/
MeadowMania's Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Formation of Contract
When the customer requests to purchase a product, service or event on this site, such a request amounts in law to an offer only to purchase at the stated amount. No binding contract in law is formed until such time as contact is made by MAS Seeds Ltd to the customer to confirm the details.
Delivery
Please note our delivery terms are based on delivery to the UK mainland. We can send seed anywhere in the UK or Europe. If you are outside the UK mainland then contact us for the cost of any extra delivery.
Wildflower seed & Meadow mixtures are generally dispatched within 2 working days of receipt of order. They are either sent by 1st class post or by next day carrier.
Amenity & agricultural seed mixes they are dispatched the day after receipt of order. They are sent by next day carrier or by 1st class post. They will arrive 2 working days after date of ordering.
Plug plants when in season are generally dispatched within 5/6 working days of receipt of order. They are sent by 1st class post or by next day carrier.
Snowdrops , aconites are sent February/ march,
Bluebells in the green and sent normally in April
Autumn planting bulbs are sent from the end of September through October. Inseason delivery is normally about 5 working days after receipt of order
PACKING Seed is supplied net weight in non-returnable bags.
If at any time the customer wishes to cancel the purchase after delivery (purchase of plug plants cannot be cancelled after dispatch), it shall be the duty of the customer to return the goods to MAS and the cost of the return shall be borne by the customer.
General
SEED QUALITY: All amenity grass, vegetable and agricultural seed sold by MAS is guaranteed to comply at time of delivery with the EEC Seeds regulations currently in force. With wild flowers our seeds are of high viability, high purity, true to type and of the correct weight when delivered.
VAT: Wild flower seed mixtures, bulbs and plug plants are subject to VAT at current rate. Grass and forage seeds are zero-rated.
AVAILABILITY: All products are offered subject to availability on receipt of order. If certain varieties of grass or clover are not available we reserve the right to substitute comparable strains. In all such cases they will be of equal merit and the customer will be informed.
CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS: MAS cannot be held responsible for failure of the seed to germinate or any consequential loss due to conditions outside our control.
PAYMENT & INTEREST: Non credit account customers pay cash with order. Credit account customers pay within 28 days of Invoice. Overdue accounts are liable to an interest charge of 2% per month.
OWNERSHIP: Goods remain the property of MAS until paid for and they may be reclaimed if not paid for within 28 days.
MAS try to ensure that the goods are sound and of good quality. If on receipt of delivery you have reason to be dissatisfied with the product, let us know and we will either replace the product or refund payment.
MAS are entitled to refuse any order placed by the customer without giving a reason: this has been included due to the increase of credit card fraud.
The customer is responsible for checking that the confirming notice correctly specifies his/her order, and if it does not it is the customer’s responsibility to inform MAS asap (if possible within 24 hours).
The web site will not stop the customer from ordering seeds or plants that are not for a suitable soil or climate. We will not refund this type of mistake, but we are willing to send a more appropriate replacement if the customer is willing to pay for the cost of return, and any difference in price owing.
Owing to scarcity of supplies we reserve the right to amend prices in the on-line catalogue where necessary without notice. This will be avoided as far as possible. The price in the catalogue at the time that the customer ordered is the one he/she will pay.
Seeds are not for human consumption and should at all times be kept away from children
Governing law.  This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales
Jurisdiction.  Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims)
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS: An order placed with us constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions by the buyer.
Computer Related
MAS gives no warranty, expressed or implied, that this site will function and be accessible at all times correctly as intended. The customer agrees that MAS has no responsibility for any loss or damage of any nature, arising from the customer’s use of the site and of the service, or from the handling by the site of any data uploaded to and/or downloaded from this site by the customer and/or MAS.
The customer accepts that he/she will not hold MAS, its officers, agents or others acting under its name, responsible for any loss or damage caused directly or indirectly to the items which are the subject of sale on this site, nor seek cancellation of contract or reimbursement of monies paid, save in accordance with rights of cancellation under the Consumer Protection (Distant Selling) Regulations 2000. The customer accepts that he/she will not hold MAS,  its officers, agents or others acting under its name for the quality of products or services.
Notwithstanding the above, if any liability in law rests on MAS, the customer agrees that MAS can in no sense be responsible for any loss or damage consequential on any failings alleged in the product or service and will limit financial claim to recovery of the amount of the purchase price.MAS makes no warranty that any statements or text within this site is accurate and accepts no liability for any lack of accuracy therein.Any failure by MAS to enforce any of its rights under agreements entered into under this site and the service provided hereon and these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any of its rights herein.At all times MAS has full right and power to assign any of its rights and duties under all agreements entered into under this site and the service provided hereon to any other party at any time without notice to the customer.
Liability
MAS attempts to ensure that the information available on the we site at any one time is accurate. However we cannot guarantee that it will be fault-free.
Data protection
This site is operated by Tim and Lynn Evans trading as MAS Seeds Ltd,
14 Golding Avenue,
Marlborough,
Wiltshire,
SN8 1TH who are the data controllers for all personal data uploaded to and processed on this site, and the Vendors and Suppliers of all products and services available on this site.
These Terms and Conditions shall apply to any legal or natural person (“the customer”) accessing this site or using the service provided.
Access to, and use of, the service is at all times at the sole discretion of MAS and the service is only available to a customer with the consent of MAS. MAS can withhold consent to the customer’s use of this siteat any time notwithstanding that the customer may have made previous use of the service.
MAS will not be liable for any damage or loss, direct or consequential, arising out of any lack of access to the site at any time by the customer, MAS or by any other persons or body.
Privacy
MAS is committed to protecting your privacy. MAS will only use the information that we collect about you fairly and lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). MAS will not pass your information to other parties save and only as may be required to process your order, such as with suppliers of items sold, delivery services and card processing services.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name
address
telephone number
email address
orders
comments made by you on onsite forms
The information we hold will only be as accurate and up to date as you give it to us. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies, we will delete it or correct it promptly.  MAS may e-mail you in future to advise you about offers of products. We will take you off our list of e-mail addresses if you wish us to do so.
Contact Us
Please don't hesitate to get in touch
if you have any questions or suggestions for us.
Newsletter
Go
We'll send you occasional email newsletters when we have new products, sale items or other important information...
Councils & Bulk Orders
We'd like to talk if you wish to:
Place an order on behalf of a  Council
or any other Government body.
Request pricing for a large volume order.
Please call Tim Evans on 0800 0854399