http://www.nettiesneedleworks.com/pages/privacy
Search
Home
Shipping Costs
About Nettie
Our Patterns
What you get...
Monk's Cloth/Fabrics
About Monk's Cloth
Needles/Notions
Testimonials
Contact
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Nettie's NeedleworksPrivacy Policy & Terms of Use and Conditions
Our Privacy Policy is simple and straightforward:
(1) We do not "harvest" email addresses from our website visitors.
(2) We do not spam (send unsolicited email to) our customers and website visitors.
(3) We do not sell our customers' and website visitors' email addresses or personal or business information to anyone for any reason whatsoever. If you send identifying information to us by email, we use that information only to provide you with our services and/or products, and to otherwise respond to your requests. We do not sell this information to anyone for any reason.
(4) Personal and/or business information imparted to us by our customers and website visitors is treated confidentially, and is not sold to third parties for any reason.
(5) Our web hosting company collects and stores only the following information about you: the numerical IP address or domain name from which you access the Internet (such as, 111.111.111.111 or yourcompany.com); the date and time you access our site; the pages you visited and whether they successfully downloaded to your browser; and the Internet address of the website from which you may have accessed our website (such as AltaVista.com). We use this information only to understand how many visitors we get and how visitors use our website so that we can improve our website. We do not sell this information to anyone for any reason.
Surfing our website will not impart other personally-identifying information to us, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
(6) No Liability for the Website Designer: In the event that this website is designed, updated or maintained by a website designer or company, said website designer or companies shall have no responsibility or liability for the information contained on this website, or any functionality, warranties or promises as may in any event be deemed to exist, and you agree to hold such website designer or company harmless from same.
(7) PATTERNS: The special pattern offer, "Buy 3 patterns, Get the 4th pattern for FREE", is applicable only when ordering 3 patterns at the same time. This offer is also applicable to multiple sets of 3 patterns ordered at the same time.  Each set of 3 entitles the purchaser to one FREE pattern of their choice.  Refunds are only given for patterns that are returned in the original unopened with the mailing envelop and with prior agreement with Nettie's Needleworks.
If you have any privacy concerns, please contact us.
Happy Weaving!
Jeanette CoffinNettie's Needleworks