http://www.pivotell.co.uk/privacy.htm
01799 550979
Twitter
VAT relief on ALL Products (click here for more info..)
Home
Shop
Medication Dispensers and Accessories
Reminders and Watches
Simple Pill Boxes
Pharmacy Products
Information
Pivotell Pill Dispenser Information
Are you VAT exempt?
Pivotell Videos
About Pharmacell Medication Systems
Case Studies
Antimicrobial Protection
About Us
Jointly Care Coordination App
Troubleshooting
Professionals
Pharmacy Filling Pivotell Dispensers
Working with Local Authorities and the NHS
In the News
Document Downloads and Guidelines
Videos
Downloads
Admin Centre
Blog
Contact
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Statement of intent
Collection of personal information
Storage of personal information
Sharing information
Cookies
I.P. Address
Access
Links
Statement of intent
Our Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect personal information about you. We are committed to responsible management of personal information in accordance with both the Data Protection Act 1998 and the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which will apply from 25th May 2018.   The information below sets out how we handle and use your data.
Collection of personal information
In order to receive certain information and to use certain services on this site you will be asked to provide personal information about yourself such as your name, address and email address. When you provide this information to us you consent to our use of that information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This information will be used to provide you with the services that you have requested and to provide you with news and information about our products and services. If you no longer want to receive such information just let us know by email and we will stop sending it.
1.Financial information
1.1 Purchasing Online
We do not hold any financial information about you.  When entering purchasing details at checkout all online transactions are performed through the Worldpay service https://www.worldpay.com/uk), Paypal (https://www.paypal.com/uk/home) or in the case of Direct Debit payments GoCardless (https://gocardless.com/).
1.2 Purchasing by phone
If you chose to purchase from us over the phone we will take your debit or credit card details and use them to take payment using Worldpay or Paypal.  Your card details will then be immediately destroyed.
1.3 Purchasing by post
If you chose to purchase from us by ordering by letter we will call you to take your debit or credit card details and use them to take payment using Worldpay or Paypal.  Your card details will then be immediately destroyed.
2. Personal details
We will hold the following information about you:
Name
Address
Name of person to whom the purchase is being delivered (if different)
Delivery address
Telephone number
e-mail address
Details of the product(s) that you have purchased
If you are claiming VAT exemption for a product and are required to give us personal health information about you or the user of the product, we will keep this information for no longer than is required by HMRC and we will not otherwise use this information or pass it to any party other than HMRC.
This information will not be held longer than is required by law or than is required to enable us to continue to provide a service for you.
3. Transferring data overseas
With the exception of administrators / users of the Pivotell Advance GSM dispenser no data will be transferred overseas.
In the case of the Pivotell Advance GSM dispenser data is held on the Pharmacell Administration Centre which is hosted by SiteSmart Mediavault located in Sweden. Communication between the dispenser and the Administration Centre is encrypted (SMS / HTTPS) and the data is held securely.
Personal data held at the Administration Centre will normally include:
Administrator name
Name of the user (or if preferred a coded identifier)
Address (optional)
Telephone number
Number of the sim card installed in the dispenser
Mobile phone number(s) of those receiving alerts.
E-mail address
The Administrator (usually the family member or carer of the dispenser user) creates and logs in to a password protected personal account in the Pharmacell Administration Centre.  In the event that the Administrator requires technical support from Pivotell then an authorised member of our support team may access the account in the Administration Centre in order to provide that support.
4. Who your data might be shared with
Your email address, name, and general order information may be passed to online review website Feefo.com (https://www.feefo.com/) for them to ask for your independent review of Pivotell. We hope you have been satisfied with both the service and product and will leave us good feedback.
We may also need to share your name and address with operational companies such as delivery couriers, to deliver your order.
Your data will otherwise not be provided to a third party without your express consent.
Storage of personal information
We will keep your personal information for as long as we need it to provide our products and/or services to you. We will try to keep personal information which we hold about you up to date, but if you think that we are holding information which is inaccurate or you are otherwise unhappy about our use of your personal information then please send us an email to let us know.
Sharing information
We will not sell the personal information that we collect from you. We use the personal information which we collect from you to help us provide our products and/or services to you. Some data processing in relation to this site may be carried out for us by a third party and in some cases that may mean that the third party will receive your personal information. Such third provide guarantees to us that they will provide an adequate level of security. Any date processing carried out for us by a third party will be governed by a written contract between us and that third party, which contract will provide that the third party will only act on our instructions. Apart from this we will not share or transfer any personal information with any other third party unless we are required to do so by law.
Cookies
Some websites use 'cookies' which are text only strings of information that the website you are visiting transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer. Their purpose is to identify users and to enhance the user's experience by customising web pages. A cookie will usually contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, an expiry date for the cookie, and a value, which is usually a random generated unique number.
Types of cookies
Cookies may be either first party cookies or third party cookies. First party cookies are used by the website owner and third party cookies are used by a third party such as an advertiser or a web designer or a website host.
Cookies may be session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site or persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file for much longer. How long persistent cookies remain in your browser depends on the duration given to the cookie.
Cookies may record personal data such as name, and email address and/or non-personal data such as IP address and unique but anonymous customer identity.
This site uses first party cookies to record on an anonymous basis
the precise time that you visit this site;
the precise web pages that you view;
the websites visited by you before and after you visit this site;
to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use this site to help us to improve the operation of this site and
items placed in the shopping basket
Please note that our cookies will not store your personal details. This site does not use third party cookies.
This site uses first party cookies to record
the precise time that you visit this site;
the precise web pages that you view and the websites visited by you before and after you visit this site;
to help us recognise you as a unique visitor when you return to this site and to allow us to tailor content for you
to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use this site to help us to improve the operation of this site;
to allow you to carry information across pages of our site an avoid having to re-enter information;
to allow you to maintain a shopping basket;
This site does not use third party cookies.
Refusing cookies
You are entitled to refuse the use of cookies on this site. However, search and shopping basket functionality will not work.
You can refuse cookies by making modifying the settings in your browser.
For more information about how to manage cookies visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
I.P. Address
This site logs your Internet Protocol (I.P.) address. All computers that are linked to the Internet have an I.P. number. An I.P. address does not provide identifiable personal information.
Access
You are entitled under the Data Protection Act 1998 to a copy of the personal information that we hold about you if you apply to us in writing.
You have a number of rights under GDPR.  These include the right to:
• See the information that we hold about you
• Request that personal data be amended if it is inaccurate or incomplete
• Request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued use
• Block, restrict or object to the processing of your personal data (if applicable)
Links
This site provides links to other websites. Our Privacy Policy applies only to this site and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party sites.
Medication Dispensers and AccessoriesReminders and WatchesSimple Pill BoxesPharmacy Products View Basket
>
Follow Us on Google+
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Join us on linkedin
Terms
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
© Copyright 2016.
shopping cart system
.
This is the basket Message
This is the basket Message