http://www.fatwitch.com/pages/privacy-policy/
Fat Witch Bakery | Privacy Policy
HOME
WITCHES
GIFTS
GOODIES
BUY NOWs 52.00 (shipping inc.)
Classic BUY NOW
FAVORs
GIFT-SETS
WITCH MIX
JAPAN COLLECTION
WITCH KITCHEN
RECIPE FILES
FAT WITCH BAKE SALE
FAT WITCH BAKERY JAPAN
FAQ
LOCATION & STORE HOURS
WITCH PLANET
SHOPPING CART - CHECKOUT
MY ACCOUNT
Witches
Gifts
Goodies
FAVORs
Gift-Sets
Seasonal Treats
My Account
Oprah's Favorite Things TV Show    Food Finds on Food Network    Today Show    House Beautiful    Best of New York
Daily Candy    Oprah's "O" List    Health Magazine    CBS Sunday Morning    CNN  The Sun      Businessweek
New York 1    Macy's Famous Chefs    New York Times    Time Out New York    New York Magazine     NYC TV
New York Daily News    Reader's Digest    Gerry Frank's New York    Mademoiselle    Time Out New York Kids
Oprah's Favorite Things TV Show    Food Finds on Food Network    Oxygen    Early Today Show    Today Show
New York Observer    Money Magazine    Oprah's "O" List    Crain's NY    Manhattan User's Guide       NPR
888 419 4824
DIRECTIONS
Location & Store Hours
Witchplanet
Witchscopes
Home Baking
Witch Kitchen
Buzz
Japan
Witch Brownies
Gift Boxes & Tins
Goodies
FAVORs
Brownie Mix
Gift-sets
MY ACCOUNT - Sign In
Privacy Policy
Fat Witch Bakery knows that you care how your personal information is used and shared. We appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting www.fatwitch.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit fatwitch.com, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse fatwitch.com, we collect information about the individual fatwitch.com web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to fatwitch.com, and information about how you interact with fatwitch.com. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information."
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
"Log files" track actions occurring on fatwitch.com, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
"Web beacons," "tags," and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Fat Witch website.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through fatwitch.com, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information."
We do not keep a record of your credit card information in our files.
When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through fatwitch.com (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this order information to: Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize fatwitch.com (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with fatwitch.com, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Device Information with third parties to help us use your Devoce Information, as described above. We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use fatwitch.com
You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: Google Privacy.
You can also opt-out of Google Analytics:
Opt Out.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by going to:
Google Opt Out
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: Ad Opt Out.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter fatwitch.com data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through fatwitch.com), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data Retention
When you place an order through fatwitch.com, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at witchservice@fatwitch.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Fat Witch Bakery, 75 Ninth Avenue, New York, NY, 10011, United States
Toll-Free: 1-888-419-4824 (M-F 9am-5pm)
Phone response not available on holidays.
Opt-in to the Fat Witch Newsletter for monthly discount codes, free offers and
more
Submitting. Please wait...
Thank you! Check your email for promo code.
Product will stay fresh for 7-10 days at room temperature. Serve at room temperature. If desired, refrigerate immediately for 3 weeks or freeze for 3 months.
Classic BUY NOW
& Classic Cauldron Special always available.
STORE PICK UP NOW AVAILABLE - see details
Below 72nd St
Monday - FridayAbove 72nd St
Monday - Friday
Gift-Sets
Fat Witch has the perfect Gift-Sets
BUY NOW
Original Brownie Mix
Classic BUY NOW
& Classic Cauldron Special always available.
Email Us
|
Shipping Policy
|
Return Policy
|
Privacy Policy
|
View Shopping Cart
|
Last update Dec/11/2020
|
all content copyright Fat Witch Bakery 2020