https://www.bammarine.com/privacy
Loading...
Home
Our Stuff
Mercury & Mercruiser
Mercury & Mercruiser Parts
Mercruiser Sterndrives
Mercury Outboards
Mercury Outboard Prices
Mercury Product Protection
Product Protection Comparison
Mercury Government Sales
Government and Special Markets
Current Promotions
Cyborg Transmissions
Transmission repairs
Fuel Injector Service
Injector cleaning process
Work Order
MAN Diesel
Arneson
Arneson cylinder position sensor
Arneson cylinder shaft scraper
Special Projects
Order Mercury Parts
Our websites
Who is BAM?
What we do
You are here: privacy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting BamMarine.com. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
The bottom line is we feel the same way you do about strangers having our personal information. We will not sell it or share it with anyone. We will not bombard you with emails or spam. If you have given us permission we will send you newsletters occasionally and information about special deals you might be interested in. We will stop even that if you ask, and we will make it easy to do so.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information We collect personally identifiable information, like names, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology The Site uses cookies.  Personal information cannot be collected via cookies by themselves. We do not use or share any form of aggregate cookie or tracking information with anyone.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted and be effective as of the date of posting.
Copyright 2020 by BAM Marine of Florida Inc
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement
Copyright 2020 by BAM Marine of Florida Inc
:
Terms Of Use :
Privacy Statement