http://www.amazingmail.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Amazingmail.com® Inc.'s website collects personal information from users who register as members and customers. Please
read the following Privacy Policy to understand how we manage the information we collect. By visiting Amazing Mail you are
accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may amend our Privacy Policy without notice by posting any changes on our website. Changes to our
Privacy Policy will automatically be effective 10 days after posting.
The Privacy Policy anticipates services and activities that are not currently provided.
This policy will explain:
Personally identifiable information collected
What we do with information about you
Who is collecting information about you
To whom we disclose information
Your choices with respect to collecting, using, and distributing information about you
How to access, update and delete your personal information
The security precautions we take to prevent your personal information from being lost, misused, or altered
Address book information
Card content data - images and text
Credit card information
What "cookies" are and how they are used
1. PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you register and when you purchase postcards we ask for your name, email address, return postage address, credit card
account number, name on the card, expiration date and billing address for your account. This information becomes your
"permanent" identity. Once you register you are no longer anonymous to Amazing Mail.
When you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by Amazing Mail and/or our affiliates we may ask you for
additional information (such as gender and date of birth). We also collect information when you purchase other products on
our website and when you report a problem with our site or any of our services. If you contact Amazing Mail we may keep a
record of that correspondence. Amazing Mail occasionally asks users to complete surveys which we use for research purposes.
Wherever Amazing Mail collects personal information we make sure to include a link to our Privacy Policy.
Amazing Mail also provides an address book tool that allows users to save and organize names and addresses (and other data)
of potential postcard recipients.
2. WHAT WE DO WITH INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Amazing Mail's primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide our users with an efficient and customized
online experience. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, online shopping and many other
services.
Only Amazing Mail has access to your account, unless you have been referred to us from an affiliate company, in which case
we may be required to share your account information with them. You only receive special offers from us if you have
indicated that you would like to receive them.
Amazing Mail researches user demographics, interests and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration,
during promotions, from our server log files or from surveys. We do this to better understand our business and serve our
users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Amazing Mail may share this data with advertisers or
business partners.
3. WHO IS COLLECTING INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Some Amazing Mail services are offered in conjunction with an affiliate company. To provide this co-branded service to you,
your personal information may also be collected by the affiliate company. Any personal information collected by an
affiliate company will be subject to their Privacy Policy. If you do not want your personal information to be collected by
one of our affiliate companies, you should not use any services provided by that company.
Promotions that run on Amazing Mail may be sponsored by companies other than Amazing Mail or may be co-sponsored by
Amazing Mail and another company. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If you don't
want your data to be shared with a company that sponsors a promotion or contest, do not participate in the promotion or
contest. Currently, Amazing Mail promotions are limited to U.S. and Canadian residents, age 18 and over.
Amazing Mail advertisers or websites that have links on our website may collect personally identifiable information about
you, which we do not have access to or control. The information practices of those websites linked to Amazing Mail are not
covered by this Privacy Policy.
4. TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION
Amazing Mail will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission, or under
special circumstances such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described
below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: Some Amazing Mail services are offered in conjunction with an affiliate company.
In some cases, these affiliate companies refer users to Amazing Mail or sell products to you at Amazing Mail. In other cases,
we provide services to or sell products jointly with these affiliate companies. We may share customer information related
to those transactions with that business.
Agents: Other companies and individuals are occasionally employed to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include:
printing postcards, delivering postcards to the United States Postal Service, removing repetitive information from customer
lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments and providing customer service.
These other companies have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other
purposes.
Promotional Offers: When we send offers to groups of Amazing Mail customers on behalf of other businesses we do not give
them your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your Email Preferences. From time to
time, you may be given the opportunity to receive special offers from third parties. If you opt-in to receive information
from these third parties, Amazing Mail will share your name and email address with them.
Sponsors: Many promotions request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information you give Amazing Mail
permission to transfer your email address and other personal information to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request.
Products Purchased from Merchants other than Amazing Mail: If you purchase a product from an outside merchant on our website
the information obtained during the purchase is provided to the merchant. This enables sale transactions to take place.
Merchants selling products on our website have separate privacy and data collection practices, and you will be subject to
the merchant's privacy and data collection policies when you purchase from them. Amazing Mail has no responsibility or
liability for the privacy and data collection practices of independent merchants. For more information regarding a
merchant, its website and privacy policies, return to that merchant's home page and click on its privacy policy.
Third Party Data and Data in the Aggregate: Amazing Mail may disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, "45% of our
users are male") to describe our services to prospective affiliates, advertisers and third parties, and for other lawful
purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In such
transactions, customer information is one of the transferred business assets.
Other: Amazing Mail may also disclose user account and personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe
that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be
violating Amazing Mail's User Agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or
unintentionally) Amazing Mail's rights or property, other Amazing Mail users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such
activities. Amazing Mail may disclose or access account information and your personal information when we believe in good
faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and
improve our products and services.
5. YOUR CHOICES IN REGARD TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
If you indicated in your Email Preferences that you are interested in receiving offers or information from Amazing Mail and
our affiliates, we may send you emails about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Amazing Mail
(or agents working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. At any time you
can easily edit your account information in Email Preferences under My Account to no longer receive offers and mailings.
You will need your ID and Password to access your account information.
In certain Amazing Mail promotions we use your email address to update you on your score, entries, and status in prize
drawings. When you participate in these types of promotions, you automatically receive promotion-related email, unless
you choose the no-email option that some promotions offer. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages might
include targeted advertisements.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all
cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable
to use those Amazing Mail services that require registration to participate. See section 11 for more information.
6. HOW TO ACCESS, UPDATE AND DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may edit your account information at any time by using your ID and password. If you have forgotten your password,
please click here and request Amazing Mail to email it to you. For all other problems signing in to Amazing Mail, please
click here and complete the email form.
Your Amazing Mail account can be deactivated, but doing so will result in not being able to print and mail postcards. To
cancel your account and obtain a refund, please complete this email form.
7. THE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS WE TAKE TO PREVENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM BEING LOST, MISUSED, OR ALTERED
Your Amazing Mail account information is password-protected so that only you have access. You may edit certain fields in
your Amazing Mail account information using your User ID and password. In order to change your address, purchase postcards
with a credit card that has your new billing address and enter that address on the page.
Do not divulge your password to anyone. Amazing Mail will never ask for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.
Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that
others cannot access your personal information and correspondence.
Any time we ask for credit card information, we transmit that credit card information in an encrypted format using
industry-standard, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption.
8. ADDRESS BOOK INFORMATION
Registered users may create and store personal address books on the Amazing Mail website. Information a registered user
enters into his/her address book is considered strictly confidential and will not be accessed by Amazing Mail or any of
its associates or affiliates. The only exception to this policy is explained in the paragraph entitled "Other" in Section
4 above.
9. CARD CONTENT DATA - IMAGES AND TEXT
Except for postcards created using the Amazing Mail "Postcard Gallery," Amazing Mail is not involved in any way in the
design, graphics, content, images or text incorporated in a postcard. For legal, privacy and practical reasons Amazing Mail
does not and cannot routinely review or attempt to control the content of customer-created postcards.
The content of each postcard will be recorded by Amazing Mail until the postcard is printed and delivered to the United
States Postal Service. After mailing, the data may be maintained on file for the convenience of the member for a period
of time before being deleted. Billing and accounting records of transactions will be maintained, but on a confidential
basis. Printing quality control will be carried out using test cards and random test systems.
10. CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
Credit card information we obtain is transmitted in an encrypted format. We use industry-standard, SSL (Secure Sockets
Layer) encryption.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your
personal information, Amazing Mail cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online
products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure
its security.
Real time authorization, capture and execution of credit card purchases are performed over the Internet via Authorize.Net.
In addition to checking for a valid credit card number, the system verifies the billing address to help reduce fraud.
Amazing Mail uses GeoTrust SSL to provide a secure connection with the client. GeoTrust is a leader in SSL providers, and
the Amazing Mail SSL certificate comes with the GeoTrust NetSure Protection Plan, which provides up to $100,000 of
protection against economic loss due to theft, impersonation, corruption or loss of use of an ID. All accounting reports
of credit card transactions are managed on a strictly confidential basis.
11. WHAT "COOKIES" ARE AND HOW THEY ARE USED
Amazing Mail uses cookies to store and track information related to you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent
to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Whenever you log-in, our server requires that
your computer accept cookies. We use cookies to:
Remind us who you are and access your account information (stored on our computers) to deliver a more personalized,
professional service. This cookie is set when you register or "Sign In" and is modified when you "Sign Out".
Record information that you provide to Amazing Mail while visiting our site.
Track the Amazing Mail affiliate sites that you have visited prior to coming to us.
Amazing Mail also collects IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. In
addition, Amazing Mail includes IP addresses in outgoing mail message headers.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to privacypolicy@amazingmail.com
Success Stories
“In consumer mailboxes great card design and quality really help us stand out from the herd, which obviously helps response rates!
Furthermore, production couldn’t be easier.
With Amazingmail, you can go from concept to design to mailing in under a day.”
“The best thing I can say about Amazing Mail is that they have tremendous turnaround time.
We send out several campaigns for our 46 ground campuses and along with our online division. We need mailings to go out quickly.
Amazingmail has never let us down when we come to them to get our creative out within 24 hours.”
“I have worked with Amazingmail on everything from a very simple postcard mailing to very complex mailing projects. Their entire team makes you feel your business is important from leadership to sales to their incredible project team. They offer excellent solutions and support throughout the process and have become a valued member of the WM project improvement team.”
Lock in savings by pre-purchasing Postcard Credits
Amazingmail allows you to pre-purchase postcard credits to receive volume discounts and avoid postage increases for the next 2 years.
It's simple: when you purchase blank postcard credits at today’s postage rate, you can use them anytime in the next two years without incurring additional costs.
Send one card at a time or thousands, changing the graphics and recipients as often as you'd like.
Get Started
Start with a Blank Card
Every Door Direct Mail®
Business Holiday Cards
Photo Christmas Cards
Designs by Industry
EDDM
Designs
Products
Postcards
Folded Cards
Letters in Envelopes
Every Door Direct Mail®
Box and Ship Flyers
Pop Outs and Perforations
Scratch Offs
Magnets
Pricing
Services
Automated Direct Mail
White Label Fulfillment
Print-On-Demand Portal
Response Tracking
Variable Data
Targeted Mailing Lists
Graphic Design
Tradeshow Collateral
Resources
Request a Quote
Free Samples
Videos
Download Product Specs
FAQ
Contact Us
Sign Up
My Account