http://www.liceguard.com/pages/privacy-security
In your FIRST AID aisle at:
Retailers & Pharmacies Purchase Here
Contact Us
My Cart
Toggle navigation
Products
Products
RobiComb
Launder Lice
Repellent Spray
Elimination Kit
Combing Kit
Shampoo
Replacement Parts
About Us
About Us
About LiceGuard
FAQ
Lice Info
Lice Info
Super Lice
Lice Treatment Guide
The Facts of Lice
Lice Treatment Options
Frequently Asked Questions
Specials
News
Where to Buy
Where to Buy
Walmart Stores
Shoppers Drug Marts
Cart
(0
items) -
$0.00
My Account
Search
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
My Account
Welcome to LiceGuard!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
We at LiceGuard LLC, owner of LiceGuard.com, believe that you have the right to know how your personal information may be used or disclosed. You take your privacy seriously, and we respect your concerns. We have created this privacy policy in order to educate you as to as to how we collect information, what we do with it, and what controls you have. Please read it carefully, and if you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Information Collection and Use
This privacy policy applies only to personal information collected via this website, and not to any other activities LiceGuard or its affiliates or business partners. Personal information means information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, or credit card information, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that LiceGuard does not own or control, or to people that LiceGuard does not employ or manage, except as set forth below.
Information
When visiting any Web site, your browser sends information to the site's hosting server identifying the browser you are using, your Internet Service Provider, the page you last visited, and the page you are currently visiting. We log this information and we may also track and catalog the search terms that you enter in our search forms. When you purchase a product on our website, we ask you for the following information: name address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card and expiration date. We may also receive information from you in connection with contests or sweepstakes on our website, customer feedback you provide, and customer service help you request.
We use information to administer and improve our website, process and follow up on your order, and contact you.
Cookies
We make use of a standard feature of browser software called a "cookie" to that helps us recognize you when you visit. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you pay a repeat visit to our website. Cookies let us personalize your shopping experience based on your preferences and help us to work better.
Most browsers accept cookies. However, if you wish, you can usually set your browser to refuse cookies. If you set your browser to refuse cookies, you may not be able to submit an order online. LiceGuard does not use cookies to gather any personal information.
LiceGuard uses cookies such as Google Analytics and Google Adwords to track information about our website and our customers. This information is strictly used to help analyze web traffic and to optimize advertising and search campaigns. Users wishing to opt out can do so by following the instructions here.
About Children
For their protection, we ask that children under age 13 do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian. LiceGuard will not intentionally contact children under age 13 for any purpose without a parent's permission. We do not collect any personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13, nor do we sell or ship any items directly to anyone whom we know to be under the age of 18.
Security
We use industry-standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption technology, a secure server, and other physical and procedural safeguards to protect the security of your personal information. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Please keep your password private. We will never ask for it by phone or e-mail, and neither should anyone else.
Disclosure of Personal Information
LiceGuard does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with LiceGuard under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help LiceGuard fulfill orders, process credit card payment, evaluate LiceGuard.com or communicate with you about offers from LiceGuard and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. You may opt out of future marketing communications from LiceGuard or our marketing partners at any time by contacting us.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the LiceGuard.com terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if LiceGuard.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, LiceGuard will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Third Parties
LiceGuard.com contains links to other websites. Please recognize that we cannot control the use or security of your personal information collected by other websites. If you have any concerns regarding the security or privacy of these websites, you should feel free to browse their privacy policies or contact them directly. LiceGuard is not responsible for the privacy practices, data collection, security or content of other websites.
Some third party vendors, including Google, show ads for our website on other sites across the internet. These ads sometimes use cookies that track the browsing behavior of potential customers in order to serve ads that are relevant to their interests. To opt out of these third-party ads, please see the "Cookies" section.
Correcting, Updating and Removing Your Personal Information
If you wish to correct, update or remove any personal information that you have provided through LiceGuard.com, please contact us.
Your Consent and Changes to this Privacy Policy
By using LiceGuard.com, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this privacy policy. If you do not agree to our policy, you may not use LiceGuard.com. We may change this privacy policy at any time and without prior notice. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to an e-mail address you have provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on LiceGuard.com so that you may be aware of our actions. Your continued use of LiceGuard.com following any such notice will mean that you accept such changes.
Shop Online
Find in Stores
Read Our Blog
FAQ
RobiComb in Stores
Walmart Store Locator
SDM - Canada
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Our Products
Where to Buy
We Accept
General Info
Terms of Use
Privacy & Security
Shipping Policy
Follow Us!
Follow Us to learn more about lice outbreaks and what you can do to treat and protect your family.
© 2020 LiceGuard | All Rights Reserved