https://www.mattressfirm.com/california-consumer-privacy-act.html
Skip Navigation
12/10/2020 23:59:59
Up to 44% OFF + FREE SHIPPING on Beautyrest Mattresses & More!
Sale ends in
Expired
Free Shipping to Your Door
120 Night Sleep Trial
Special Financing
Customized Shopping Options
America’s Top-Rated Brands
Low Price Guarantee
Nationwide Team of Sleep Experts™
Your California Privacy Rights
Your California Privacy Rights.
Shine The Light
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, if you have an established business relationship with a business, you have the right to request from that business, certain information with respect to the types of personal information that business shares with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes and the identities of the third parties with whom that business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. Submit your request here.
Please note that under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Pursuant to Sections 1798.110 and 1798.115 of the California Civil Code, you have the right to request that a business disclose to you the following:
(1) The categories of personal information it has collected about you;
(2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
(3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
(4) The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information;
(5) The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about you;
(6) The categories of personal information that the business sold about you, if any, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold; and
(7) The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about you for a business purpose, if any.
To exercise your rights, you may submit your request online, send a written request to: “Mattress Firm, 10201 S. Main Street, Houston, TX 77025, Attn: Legal Department” or call (855) 433-7472.  If submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
Please note that Mattress Firm will not provide you with personal information more than twice in any 12-month period.
Pursuant to Section 1798.105 of the California Civil Code, you have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about you which the business has collected from you.
To exercise this right, you may submit your request online, send a written request to: “Mattress Firm, 10201 S. Main Street, Houston, TX 77025, Attn: Legal Department” or call (855) 433-7472.  If submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pursuant to Section 1798.120 of the California Civil Code, you have the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells personal information about you to third parties not to sell your information, even if no money is exchanged.  To exercise this right and opt out of the “sale” of your information, submit your request online,  send a written request to: “Mattress Firm, 10201 S. Main Street, Houston, TX 77025, Attn: Legal Department” or call (855) 433-7472.  If submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
No business may discriminate against you on account of your exercise of these rights.
More information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
For Nevada Residents
Mattress Firm does not sell your personally identifiable information for money.  However, if you would like to opt-out of the sale of your personally identifiable information, submit your request online, send a written request to: “Mattress Firm, 10201 S. Main Street, Houston, TX 77025, Attn: Legal Department” or call (855) 433-7472.  If submitting a written request, please include your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.
Actions
Email
Twitter
Pinterest
Need help?
×
Chat with a Sleep Expert™ and Save Big! We are here 24/7 to help you
find the right mattress at the best price guaranteed.
Close
Start Chat
Speak with a Sleep Expert™.
Store Locator
Chat
(877) 346-8775
Are you still there?
Your Amazon Pay session will expire in:
Click 'Continue Session' to finish checking out.
CONTINUE SESSION
Close
Shipping to Hawaii?
Aloha! Unfortunately, some products on our website cannot be shipped to Hawaii. Please visit our Hawaii products page, or visit a Mattress Firm location near you to find products that can be delivered to your area.
SEE HAWAII PRODUCTS
VISIT A LOCAL STORE