http://www.glasscrafters.com/shipping-and-return-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Featured Items
Special Offers
Manufacturers
Aanraku
Armstrong
Canfield
Clarity
Diamond Tech International
Color Magic
Creators Cutter's
Fletch-Terry
Firelite Forms
Gemini Saw Company
Glass Patterns Quarterly
Glasssmith Studio
Glastar Corp
Hakko Products
Handley Industries
Jen-Ken Kilns
Morton
Novacan
Odyssey
Stanind Glass Images
Toyo Glass Accessories
Vinery Publications
Wardell Publications
Weller
Worden
Inland Craft Products
Stained Glass
Glass Assortments
Armstrong Glass Company
Bullseye Glass Company
Dichroic Glass
Kokomo Opalescent Glass Company
Clear Textured Glasses
Spectrum Glass
Uroboros Glass
Van Gogh Glass
Paul Wissmach Glass Company
Youghiogheny Opalescent Glass Company
Fusing Glass
Bullseye (COE 90)
Spectrum (COE 96)
Wissmach (COE 96)
Uroboros (COE 96)
Kilns
Bevels
Grinding
Saws
Cutting Tools
Grinders
Disc Grinders
Soldering Irons and Supplies
Soldering Irons
Solder & Supplies
Tools & Equipment
Projects
Lampworking
Mosaics
Jewelry
Books, Patterns and Videos
Books
Patterns
Videos
Classes
More...
Home
About Us
FAQ
Wishlists
Shipping/Returns
Privacy
Manufacturers
Resources
Contact Us
Home/
Shipping and Return Policy
Shipping and Return Policy
Shipping: In stock merchandise will normally be shipped via UPS Ground Service. Light weight orders may also be shipped via the US Mail. Please include your complete street address information (and ship to address information, if different). UPS cannot deliver to a post office box.
Please note: UPS charges $12.00 for any address corrections, including missing apt/suite numbers, misspelled street names, wrong zip codes, etc. Please double check your address information. If your online order contains missing or incorrect information that results in this charge from UPS we will add the $12.00 charge to your account.
If we have out of stock items that are expected to arrive shortly, we will hold your invoice in order to ship complete. Otherwise, backordered items will be removed from your invoice and should be reordered at a later date.
Your order may take up to 2 weeks for UPS ground delivery.
UPS Next Day, Second Day and Third Day delivery is also available at additional cost depending upon the weight of your order. These choices are not available on our web site; you may call us for quotes and options.
Florida state residents will pay sales tax on your total order including shipping, and boxing charges.
FREE Shipping: Shipping and handling fees are already included in the initial purchase of any "FREE Shipping" product. When a "FREE Shipping" product is returned for a refund, the refund will be issued LESS the initial shipping charge.
NOTE TO OUR CUSTOMERS: Our industry has had an unprecedented number of increases in the cost of metals as seen in solder, lead, brass and zinc came, metal lamp bases, copper foil, jewelry findings and more. Plus, the higher cost of oil has increased the energy cost for making glass and also increases the cost of freight on virtually all merchandise shipped in or out.
Shipments Outside the 48 States: All orders from outside the contiguous USA, not served by ground UPS, will be shipped via air parcel post. This includes Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, AFO/FPO addresses, and all foreign countries. Please call for shipping charges via the US mail, which will be based upon the weight of your order.
A $10 processing charge will be added to all foreign country orders.
Orders from foreign countries must be paid by credit card,
and will be shipped air parcel post.
HOLIDAY REMINDER!
Plan ahead for your holiday deliveries!
Standard UPS Ground Service will normally take between
three (3) and eight (8) business days for delivery.
Please allow sufficient time for your holiday orders to arrive.
Next Day and Two Day UPS Air Service is also available at an additional cost, depending upon the weight of your order.
To Return Merchandise
Merchandise other than sheet glass, lead, zinc or brass came, books, or DVDs, may be returned within 14 days for a refund, credit, or an exchange of goods. Please call for a Return Authorization, in order to expedite your return. Returns MUST include a copy of your invoice, with your instructions for an exchange or credit. All returned merchandise must be in new, re-saleable condition, with original boxes, instruction sheets, etc. Full return credit cannot be given for missing packaging or parts. If we have sent the wrong goods, please call us to arrange for return and we will reimburse your postage.
Shipping and handling fees are already included in the initial purchase of any FREE Shipping product. When a FREE Shipping product is returned for a refund, the refund will be issued LESS the initial shipping charge.
Defective Merchandise
If a product is defective right out of the box, please call us immediately. We will assist you in getting replacement merchandise right away. For merchandise that has been used, repair or replacement is the responsibility of the manufacturer. Please see the other side for Product Warranty Information.
Missing Items
Please check to make sure that all boxes in your shipment have been delivered. If there was more than one box in your order, we will note that on the box top. For instance, the first box in a two box shipment will be labeled Box 1 of 2. Allow an extra business day for all boxes in a multiple order to arrive. If you are still missing an item at that time, please call us so that we can arrange to track or replace the missing merchandise.
Shop By Category
Class Schedule About Glass Crafters! FEATURED ITEMS NEW ITEMS! Bottle Cutters Came Chemicals Copper Foil Dichroic (96COE) Dichroic (90COE) Fusing Getting Started! Gift Ideas! Jewelry Lamp Working Manufacturers Media Mosaics Projects/Kits/PRE-CUT Solder & Supplies Soldering Irons Special Offers Stained Glass Stained Glass Accessories Stained Glass Lamps Stained Glass Supplies Tools & Equipment Customer Comments! Artist Gallery Videos Glossary MSDS Open Studio Personal Instruction Privacy Shipping Terms/Info Veteran Discount Meet The Team
Join Our Newsletter
Receive the latest news on new promotions, exclusive offers, and new arrivals.
First Name:
Last Name:
Email:
We respect your email privacy
Powered by AWeber Email Marketing
Copyright © 2020 Glass Crafters. Powered by Miva