https://www.crownawards.com/our-policies.html
ABOUT CROWN
Crown History
Career Opportunities
Reviews
FAQ
See All FAQ
Top FAQs
Easy Reorder
Shipping
Engraving
Product Information
International Ordering
Logos / Artwork
Pricing
Passwords
Payment
Tax Exemption
Request a Tax Exemption Form
Website
Out Of Stock Items
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
CROWN REQUESTS
Order Status
Order History
View Our Catalog
Request A FREE Catalog
Email Sign Up
CONTACT CROWN
Email Us
Business Hours
Live Chat
Back
Home
>
Our Policies - Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified: March 8, 2018
Crown Awards, Inc. (“Crown”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site (defined below). By accessing or using the Site, you agree to this privacy policy.
This policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your consent in accordance with applicable law. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. Your continued use of the Site after we make changes is deemed acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This policy applies to information we collect through our online interfaces (e.g., websites) owned and controlled by us, including www.crownawards.com (collectively referred to herein as the “Site”), and in email, text and other electronic messages between you and Crown. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to Contact Us or as described at the end of this Policy.
Terms of Use. Please note that your use of our Site is also subject to our Terms of Use.
What personally identifiable information does Crown collect from me?
We collect information you provide to us, for example when you create or modify your account, register to use our Site, purchase products or services from us, request information from us, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. This information may include:
• Name
• Address
• Billing address
• Shipping address
• Email address
• Telephone number
• Credit card number (solely for payment purposes)
Information We Collect Automatically Through Your Use of our Site
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the Site. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Site analyze how users use the site. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Site by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). We may also use Google Analytics Advertising Features or other advertising networks to provide you with interest-based advertising based on your online activity. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google's website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html. To learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative websites (www.aboutads.info and www.networkadvertising.org). Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they will not be based on your online activity.
Information Collected Through Cookies and Similar Technologies
We, our service providers, and other third parties use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Site through your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the Site again, the cookie allows the Site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Site features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you. (See, “Advertising” under "How does Crown use my information?" below.) This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and through the Site. Our Site also contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Crown. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
How does Crown use my information?
Crown’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized browsing experience that facilitates your ability to find and purchase the products you want. This may include personalization services, interactive communications, and online shopping. We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us: to present our Site and its contents to you; to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us; to register and service your online account; to provide information that you request from us; to contact you about your orders; to ship products to you; to send you promotional materials or advertisements about our products and services; to administer surveys, sweepstakes, promotions and contests; to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; to provide interest-based targeted advertising to you; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; to notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it; in any other way we may describe when you provided the information; and, for any other purpose with your consent.
Advertising. We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Crown or Crown’s advertising partners that are relevant to your interests. We may use cookies and other information to provide relevant interest-based advertising to you. Interest-based ads are ads presented to you based on your browsing behavior in order to provide you with ads more tailored to your interests. These interest-based ads may be presented to you while you are browsing our site or third-party sites not owned by Crown.
We belong to ad networks that may use your browsing activity across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites. Currently, our Site does not recognize if your browser sends a “do not track” signal or similar mechanism to indicate you do not wish to be tracked or receive interest-based ads. To learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative websites (www.aboutads.info and www.networkadvertising.org). Please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they will not be based on your online activity.
Legal Proceedings. We will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside of Crown if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
• Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
• Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
• Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
• Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Crown, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Site to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable privacy policy unless you agree differently.
Who is collecting information?
When you are using Crown and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Crown alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise. If data is being collected and/or maintained by any company other than Crown, you will be notified prior to the time of the data collection or transfer. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service.
With whom does Crown share my information?
As a general rule, Crown will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Crown employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include processing credit card payments. These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Crown does not share any data with advertisers or business partners.
What are my choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of my information?
Crown may, from time to time, send you email regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or call us at 800-227-1557. Or, at any time you can easily edit your Crown Account Information to no longer receive such offers and mailings. You will need your Crown ID and Password in order to access your Crown Account Information.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those Crown services that require registration in order to participate.
Crown does not sell or rent user information to anyone. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service.
What is Crown’s policy on allowing me to update, correct, or delete my personally identifiable information?
You may edit the information listed below for your Crown Account Information by using your Crown ID and password:
• Your Password
• Your Email Preferences
• Your Saved Addresses (other than your default address)
• Your Saved Payment Methods
• The Email used to receive offers and promotions
All other modifications and edits must be made by calling or emailing Crown. If you have forgotten your password, please click here. For all other problems signing in to Crown, please click here. You may also send us an e-mail at customerservice@crownawards.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
How does Crown protect my personal financial information?
Keeping your personal financial information private is vitally important to us. As with all personally identifiable information, we do not make this available to any third parties without your permission. Please note that there are several places on Crown’s site where you can transmit credit card information in order to complete a purchase transaction or for verification purposes. Any time we ask for a credit card number we transmit that credit card number in an encrypted format. We use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Crown reveals only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, Crown transmits the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of my information?
Your Crown Account Information is password protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information.
It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Crown will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your Crown account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
We use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Crown cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Please note that emails and other communications you send to us through our Site are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.
What about children’s privacy?
Naturally, the safety of children is very important to us. Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Site or register on the Site, make any purchases through the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at customerservice@crownawards.com.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Your consent to processing personal data in the United States.
The owner of the Site is based in the state of New York in the United States. We provide this Site for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Site or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or other jurisdiction outside of the U.S., in order to provide our Site, products and services to you, we may send and store your personal information (also commonly referred to as personal data) outside of the EEA, including to the United States. Accordingly, your personal information may be transferred outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your personal information. We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information when it is transferred. By using and accessing our Site, users who reside or are located in countries outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located outside of the country where they reside, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of their residence or location.
Additional Information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to customerservice@crownawards.com.