http://www.zipperstop.com/privacy-policy
About UsCartCheckoutContact UsCustom Printed Ribbon
ShopCartCheckoutMy Account
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We only collect personally identifiable information from you when you log into our site or enter information into our form fields. You may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send periodic emails
(the email address you provide may be used by automated, trigger-based email campaigns to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions)
To contact you
(if you request that we contact you)
How Your Information Is Protected
In order to ensure the highest possible security of your personal information, any and all personal information you enter, submit, send, or otherwise provide to use is maintained in a password protected and encrypted database.
The Use Of Cookies
Yes, Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. This information is collected in an anonymous form that includes no personally identifiable information. No personally identifiable information is collected on this website unless that information is explicitly submitted via a fill-in form.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update our privacy policy from time to time to comply with ever changing security concerns, and to make sure that you and your information are protected to the best of our ability. Any changes made to our privacy policy will be posted here on this page.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website