http://www.wikkedvibes.co.uk/privacy.htm
WIKKED
VIBES PRIVACY POLICY
We can be contacted
by the following methods:
Postal
Address:
WIKKED
VIBES
23 Davenport
Church Langley
Harlow
Essex
CM17 9TF
United Kingdom
Phone:
07914
601 516
E-mail:
info@wikkedvibes.co.uk
Thank you for visiting
the wikkedvibes.co.uk website. Our policy is to collect
no personal information about you when you visit our website,
unless you choose to make such information available to
us.
When you visit the
wikkedvibes.co.uk website, the web server automatically
recognises the Internet domain and IP address from where
you accessed the site. This information does not result
in the identification of your personal e-mail address or
other personal information. The information collected is
only the file volume and timing of access to the site whilst
visiting the site. This is done so that the content of the
site can be improved, and your personal information is not
identified.
If you choose to
share personal information, by such means as completing
a purchase, filling out a web form or emailing us, with
personal information, the information will not be disclosed
to third parties, unless required by law or with your express
permission.
DATA PROTECTION
AND PRIVACY
We take our obligations seriously
under both the Data protection Act 1984 and the new Data
Protection Act 1998.
You are entitled
to see a copy of the personal information we hold about
you and to correct any error or omission in it. If contacting
us, your request must contain enough details to enable us
to identify and find your personal data. Under both the
above acts we are entitled to charge an administration fee
for answering your request of no more than £10 which we
may agree to waive.
What we use personal
data for
The data we collect is your name,
e-mail address, the delivery address including postcode,
credit card or debit card number and expiry date to enable
us to identify you prior to entering into a contract for
sale. Also to enable us to fulfill your order and keep you
informed as to your order status. We also ask for your telephone
number enabling us or our couriers to contact you or the
recipient urgently, if there is a problem with your order.
We may from time
to time contact you with other information, by direct mail
or e-mail with offers, or our regular newsletter.
What we will not
do with your personal data
We will not sell, trade or rent your
personal information to others or disclose your personal
details to any advertiser. We may provide aggregate statistics
about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related
site information to reputable third party vendors, but these
statistics will include no personally identifying information.
We will not sell or rent your personal details to third
parties.
We will not disclose
your personal details to third parties except when;
required to do so by law.
in response to a valid request
by law enforcement or governmental agencies
where you have given your consent,
either at registration or at some point thereafter.
Security of Personal
Data
When you place orders or access your
account information, we offer the use of a secure server.
The secure socket layer SSL encrypts all information you
input before it is sent to us. Furthermore as required by
the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow
strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure
of information which you have given to us, to prevent unauthorised
access. We may occasionally request proof of identity before
we are able to disclose sensitive information to you, due
to our security procedures.
Your consent
By using our website, you consent
to the collection and use of this information by WIKKED
VIBES. If this policy is changed we will advise such changes
on this page, so that you are always aware of the information
we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we
disclose it.
If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will contact
you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify
you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability
to opt out of these new uses.
If you have other
questions about this privacy policy please feel free to
e-mail us at info@wikkedvibes.co.uk
QUICK
NAVIGATION LINKS
Chemical Light
Glow Sticks | Bad
Taste Bears Index | Rio
Beauty Products | Balloon
Lights
Wikked Vibes Shop | Contact
Us | Home
©
Copyright 2005,2006 Wikked
Vibes - All Rights Reserved
For more information feel free to Contact
Us
Privacy Policy
/ Terms & Conditions
Design
& Hosting by
GlobalWebHQ
UK Ltd
© Site Designed 2005