http://www.tendahorse.com/privacy-statement/
Home
About Us
Products
Catalog
News
Sponsorship
Contact
Privacy StatementThis is the web site of Tenda Horse Products, LLC.
Our address is:Tenda Horse Products, LLC18400 North Liberty RoadFredericktown, OH 43019
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@tendahorse.com
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings please let us know by e-mailing us at the above address.
You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by e-mailing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by , sending us e-mail at the above address.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or e-mail address.
Shop By Category
Nutritional Supplements
Leg & Muscle Care
Healing Salves
Hoof Care
Poultice
Topical Remedies
Grooming
TendaGroom
All Products
FOLLOW US
Come to think of it, this is a very interesting thing, buying fake watches is nothing more than fancy its cheap price. Seriously, if you or your customers don’t care about these brands, then those thousands of replica watches are really your first choice, and they can really save you a lot of money.