http://www.softrugs.com/security-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Soft Rugs
Home
SR Newsletter
About Us
Contact UsShipping & ReturnsWholesale and International OrdersTerms of UseSecurity Policy
Guides
Alpaca Rug and Pillow SizesSheepskin Rug and Pillow SizesCare and Cleaning for Alpaca and Sheepskin
About Sheepskin
Sheepskin FactsDecorating with Sheepskin and AlpacaAlpaca and Sheepskin DifferencesTips for Buying Sheepskin Rugs for Your Home
About Alpaca
Alpaca - Tips for Online ShoppingAlpaca: A Natural Alternative for Decorating your Home, Lodge or Executive SuiteDecorating With AlpacaThe 100% Natural Alpaca Advantage
Custom Rugs
Custom Alpaca Rugs & PillowsCustom Sheepskin Rugs & Pillows
About Us
Internet Luxuries
Shipping & Returns
Wholesale & International Orders
Security Policy
New Products
20in Round Suri Alpaca Fur Pillow in Cool Gray
$78.00
Add To Cart
20in Round Suri Alpaca Fur Pillow in Beige
$78.00
Add To Cart
Alpaca Fur Pillow - Brown (out of stock)
$56.00
Choose Options
Solid Brown Round Alpaca Pillow
$56.00
Choose Options
Solid Beige Round Alpaca Pillow
$56.00
Choose Options
HomeAbout UsSecurity Policy
Security Policy
This site is hosted by Big Commerce, who host the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Big Commerce automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Big Commerce Shopping, BC also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the Big Commerce Privacy Policy for more information about how BC uses this information.
Big Commerce takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The following is a summary of the measures Big Commerce takes to protect your information and descriptions of ways we implement these measures for different types of information you may provide to us.
Security for Buyers When Ordering Through a Big Commerce Store:
The following is a description of steps Big Commerce takes to protect your information from misuse when ordering through a Big Commerce Store.
Secure Socket Layer (SSL): Big Commerce uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time a Yahoo! Store asks for a credit card number during checkout for payment, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. CISP Compliance: Yahoo! Merchant Solutions is certified CISP-compliant. Created by Visa and MasterCard, the Cardholder Information Security Program (CISP) outlines a standard for security procedures for merchants and service providers that store, process, or transmit cardholder data.
Your right to security is of the utmost importance to SoftRugs. Our shopping application is safe and secure, protecting both your personal information and all credit card transactions. We will never sell, divulge, disseminate or give away any information submitted to this site to outside parties for any reason as outlined in our Privacy Policy. This is our personal promise to you, our loyal customers!
SoftRugs Guards Your Security and Privacy through the Measures Outlined Below:
Secure Transactions - How you can tell it is secure. All purchase transactions take place on a secure server. Don't just take our word for it - it's simple to determine whether you are on a secure site using security-enabled Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Google Chrome.
For example, on a secure page you will notice the following indicators: Using Google Chrome: Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address. The security lock icon (in 3.0 versions it's a key and in 4.0+ versions it's a padlock in the lower left corner) should be a complete key or a lock in the locked position. Using Internet Explorer: Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address. A security lock icon is displayed on the status bar at the bottom of your screen. Using FireFox: Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address and it will be yellow in color with a lock symbol. A security lock icon is displayed on the status bar at the bottom of your screen. In addition, our order system utilizes industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts any information that is transferred across the Internet from your computer to our servers and databases. The information that is encrypted includes: Your name Address, phone number and e-mail address Personal information Your credit card number If you would like further information on your Web browser's security features go to:
For Netscape: http://wp.netscape.com/security/index.html
For Internet Explorer: Click on "Using Security Features" in Explorer's help index.
For Firefox: http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox
Our Service:
We would be happy to have a customer service representative work with you to pick the perfect product to match your home decor. Just send us an e-mail with any questions or concerns and whether you wish to be contacted via e-mail or telephone and we will assist you with your purchase.
No credit card? No problem! Just call us at the number at the bottom of this page with your order. Then mail us your check or money order. It's that easy!
If you have any difficulties or questions about Internet security please do not hesitate to contact us.
We will be happy to take your order personally, or answer any questions you may have. Find out what's possible!
Contact us Toll Free at 1-877-658-9879, by Email: interlux@comcast.net or simply fill out the question form below.
The captcha you entered is incorrect. Please try again.
Full Name:
*  Email Address:
Company Name:
Phone Number:
Order Number:
RMA Number:
*  Details:
*  Captcha Check:
Alpaca & Sheepskin Rugs
Alpaca Rugs and Throws
Suri Alpaca Throws
(ON SALE NOW!)
Geometric Designs
Animal Designs
White Alpaca Rugs
Round Alpaca Rugs
Suri Alpaca Rugs
(ON SALE NOW!)
African Designs
Sheepskin Rugs
Natural Sheepskin Rugs
Oval and Rectangular Sheepskin Rugs
Designer Rugs
Kids Fun Rugs
Alpaca & Sheepskin Pillows
Alpaca Pillows
Rectangular Pillows
Round Pillows
Suri Fur Pillows
Sheepskin Pillows
Square Sheepskin Accent Pillows
Rectangular Accent Pillows
Floor Cushions
Lambskin Minx Pillows
Sheepskin Slippers - Gloves - Hats - Muffs!
Sheepskin Slippers-Gloves-Hats-Muffs!
Sheepskin Gloves
Sheepskin Hats
Sheepskin Slippers
Alpaca and Sheepskin Bedspreads
Alpaca Bedspreads
Sheepskin Bedspreads
Sheepskin for Baby & Child
Bean Bag Chairs
Fun Rugs
Plush Sheepskin Toys
Baby Care
BLOWOUT WINTER SALE!!!
Sheepskin Specials!!!
Alpaca Specials!!!
Questions or Comments? Contact us Toll Free at 1-877-658-9879,10-7 Eastern Time, 9-6 Central Time, 7-4 Pacific Timeor by Email: interlux@softrugs.com
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 SoftRugs - Alpaca / Sheepskin / Cowhide.
Sitemap |
Ecommerce Solution by BigCommerce