https://www.biyoart.com/Corporate/security_privacy_policy.htm
Award
Winning Graphic Sports Art Prints
Unique Sports Gifts of Art Created by YO
the Artist
Free Shipping in USA
Home
Sports Art Prints | A to N
M to
S
S to Z
About Us
Shopping Cart
Baseball
Basketball
Cycling
Field Hockey
Figure Skating
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Hiking
Hockey
Lacrosse
Martial Arts
Rowing
Rugby
Running
Sailing
Skateboarding
Skiing
Snowboarding
Soccer
Softball
Surfing
Swimming
Tennis
Track & Field
Triathlon
Volleyball
Windsurfing
Wrestling
About Us
Artist Bio
Art Festival Exhibits
Contact Us
Returns & Refunds
Security & Privacy
Shipping
BiyoArt
Corporate Policies
Security and Privacy
SSL Certificate
Biyo LTD (BiyoArt) values the users of our web site (the Website)
and their access to the services offered on it (the Services),
and we know your privacy is important to you. Accordingly, we
have implemented this Privacy and Security Policy to inform you
of the information that we collect from you, how we collect it,
how we protect it and what we do with it. By using the Website
you are accepting the practices described in this Security and
Privacy Policy (the Policy).
How and when we collect information :
We collect Personal information from you when you provide it to
us. For example, if you purchase a product from us, we collect
your name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number
and e-mail address.
What we do with your information :
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Under no circumstances
do we rent, trade or share your e-mail address with any other
company for their marketing purposes. We use your personal information
for internal purposes such as processing and keeping you informed
of your order.
The personal information that you give us when you place an order
is used to process and fulfill your order or request. We utilize
the merchant services of 1st National Processing, a registered
ISO / MSP (Independent Sales Organization / Member Service Provider
which classifies them as registered entity with Visa / Mastercard
and sponsored by a member financial institution : 1nbankcard.com).
They are also a registered American Express ESA (External Sales
Agent). The payment processing service gateway utilized by 1st
National is in association with iPayment (a registered ISO/MSP
with Wells Fargo Bank : ipaymentinc.com) which assists us in the
off-line processing of the credit card payments. This service
company does not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable
information for any secondary purposes. The information you provide
us is used for in-house processing and fulfilling of your order
and contacting you if we have problems processing your order.
Cookies :
Like almost all e-commerce web sites, we use “cookies”.
Cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer
by your web browser. Although our cookies don’t store any
of your personal information, they do allow us to do things like
keep items in your shopping cart between visits or during the
same visit. Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies
or not is up to you. If you haven’t changed your computer’s
settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies.
We also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
consumers visit our website. These companies may use information
(not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone
number) about your visit to this site, as well as other sites,
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that
may interest you. If you would like more information about this
practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these websites please visit the Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) website at : www.networkadvertising.org
How we protect your information :
The Security of your personal information is important to us.
When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number
on our order form, the secure server at our webhost LunarPages
(lunarpages.com) encrypt that information using secure socket
layer technology (SSLv3 & TLSv1) on Linux based operating
systems. The secure link will appear on the address bar as https://www.biyoart.com/...
when the Add to Cart, or Check Out process is invoked.
To protect cardholder data, Visa and Mastercard developed a PCI
(Payment Card Industry) standard with the PCI Security Standards
Council effectively releasing version 3.0 in November 2013. This
site is tested quarterly by a PCI Security Council Approved Scanning
Vendor (ASV) Aperia Solutions
using the latest security auditing technology (cert # 5051-01-01).
Aperia Solutions management, via the Qualysguard scanning utility,
is utilized to ensure that said security standards are maintained
on this Website. This Website also has 90 days to comply with
the latest security updates.
Also, as a visual reminder for customer security assurance we
have added the red
Comodo Secure
(trustlogo.com) and its associated BiyoArt (BiyoLTD) website specific
SSL Certificate from Comodo (comodo.com) to our site; as seen
at the top of this website page. This service provides Click to
View authentication and validation of our actual website and its
internet encrypted security. The TrustLogo can be seen at the
bottom of those website pages deemed appropriate to customer visual
security assurance.
We also follow generally accepted industry standards to protect
the personal information submitted to us from unauthorized access
or disclosure, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive
to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal
information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Other
than our limited security guarantee, we assume no liability for
any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized
third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or
omissions beyond our reasonable control.
Disposal of said collected personal information shall be conducted
under the guidelines established by the Federal Trade Commision's
(FTC) Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act's (FACTA) Disposal
Rules. Which basically includes the burning, pulverizing or shredding
of physical documents and the erasure or destruction of all electronic
media.
Changes to our Privacy and Security Policy
:
If we change our Privacy and Security Policy, we will post a new
Policy on our Website, which will become effective when posted.
The new Policy will apply to all current and past users of the
Website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent
with it.
Contact us :
If you ever have any questions regarding our privacy policy please
contact us at : YO@BiyoArt.com
28 - May - 2009 ; Updated secure server location information
and security encryption code levels.
03- Nov - 2009 ; Added ComplyGuard certificate seal for PCI compliance
of BiyoArt site.
28 - Jan - 2010 ; Added PayPal Verified Logo validated member
since 2002.
07- Jun - 2010, 26 - Feb - 2011 ; Clarified PCI compliance scan
and ComplyGuard certificate seal remediation.
07 - Jan - 2013 ; Aperia Solutions replaces ComplyGuard for Website
compliance scanning technology vendor.
21 - May - 2013 ; Added Rapid Scan Aperia Solutions compliance
validation logo.
10 - Apr - 2014 ; Verified HeartBleed vulnerability did not effect
website operating system configuration.
13 - Aug - 2015 ; Comodo floating corner Trust logo no longer
supported and replaced by click-to-verify Comodo Secure certificate
logo.
13 - Jan - 2016 ; Updated Aperia Solutions quarterly site compliance now established
by Qualysguard scanning utility.
© Copyright