https://www.londas-sewing.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Londa's Creative Sewing collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.londas-sewing.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Londa's Creative Sewing LLC , previously known as Londa's Creative Threads, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Londa's Creative Sewing collects and uses Users' personal information for the following purposes:
To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site
Privacy Notice to EU Users
If you are based within the European Union (EU), in certain circumstances you will also have the following rights:
Right to access: the right to request certain information about, access to and copies of the Personal Information about you that we are holding; Right to rectification: the right to have your Personal Information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete; Right to erasure/“right to be forgotten”: where the processing of your information is based on your consent, the right to withdraw that consent and the right to request that we delete or erase your Personal Information from our systems (however, this will not apply if we do not rely on your consent to carry out the processing, if we are required to hold on to the information for compliance with any legal obligation, or if we require the information to establish or defend any legal claim); Right to restriction of use of your information: the right to stop us from using your Personal Information or limit the way in which we can use it; Right to data portability: the right to request that we return any information you have provided in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, or that we send it directly to another company, where technically feasible; and Right to object: the right to object to our use of your Personal Information including where we use it for our legitimate interests or, if applicable, for marketing purposes.
Changes to this privacy policy
Londa's Creative Sewing has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
http://www.londas-sewing.com
Londa's Creative Sewing
167 Whitfield Drive
Jackson, TN  38305
United States
217-369-4687