https://www.2guyscigars.com/terms-and-conditions/
× Sign In
Username:
Password:
We recently lost a few accounts in our on-line database. If you are unable to login, PLEASE create a new account and we will automatically sync it to your existing account when we process the order. We are sorry for the inconvenience Sign In
forgot your password?
New Customer? Creating a new account is quick and easy. Create Account
About
Contact
Locations
Free Shipping Over $150!
Gift Certificates
Sign In or Register
Brands22N-83W Cigars
7-20-4 Cigars
7-20-4 WK Series Cigars
Abuelo Cigars
Accessories
Acid 20 Cigars
Acid Cigars
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut
Aganorsa Leaf Habano Cigars
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Maduro
Aging Room Bin No. 1 Cigars
Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Pelo de Oro Cigars
Aging Room Pura Cepa Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua
Aging Room Solera Cigars
Aladino Cameroon Cigars
Aladino Cigars
Aladino Connecticut Cigars
Aladino Corojo Reserva Cigars
Aladino Maduro Cigars
Aladino Vintage Selection
All Saints Dedicacion Cigars
All Saints Solamente Cigars
Arturo Fuente Anejo Cigars
Arturo Fuente Cigars
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway Cigars
Arturo Fuente Limited Releases
Ashton Aged Maduro Cigars
Ashton Cabinet Cigars
Ashton Cigars
Ashton Heritage Cigars
Ashton VSG Cigars
Ashtrays
Asylum 13 Cigars
Asylum 13 Connecticut Cigars
Asylum 13 Corojo Cigars
Asylum 13 Oblong Cigars
Asylum 13 Ogre Cigars
Asylum 13 TAA Cigars
Asylum Eight
Asylum Nyctophilia TAA Cigars
Asylum Pandemonium Cigars
Asylum Seven
Atabey Cigars
Avo 22 L.E. Cigars
Avo 30th L.E. Cigars
AVO Classic Cigars
AVO Classic Maduro Cigars
Avo Improvisation 2020 Cigars
Avo LE Regional Release
Avo Syncro Cigars
Avo Syncro Fogata Cigars
Avo XO Cigars
Baccarat Cigars
Back2Back Cigars
Balmoral Anejo XO Cigars
Balmoral Anejo XO Ct Cigars
Balmoral Dueto Cigars
Balmoral Paso Doble Cigars
Bandolero Cigars
Big Boys Cigars
Big Papi by David Ortiz Cigars
Black Label Lighters
Bohemian Bamboo Cigars
Bohemian Revolution Cigars
Boomtown Cigars
Box Pressed Wheels
Brick House Ciento Ciento TAA
Brick House Cigars
Byron Cigars
Caleanoch Cigars
Camacho Connecticut Cigars
Camacho Corojo Cigars
Camacho Diploma Cigars
Camacho Liberty Cigars
Camacho Nicaragua Cigars
CAO Consigliere Cigars
CAO Pilon Cigars
Casa Fernandez Aniversario
Charter Oak by Foundation
CHC Reserve by Crowned Heads
Cigar Authority Care Package
Cigar Bliss Book
Cigar Lighters
Cigar of the Month Club
Cigar Samplers & Gifts
Classic Cameroon Cigars
Classic Connecticut Cigars
Classic Cuban Cigars
Classic Maduro Cigars
CLE Chele Cigars
CLE Connecticut Cigars
CLE Corojo Cigars
CLE Prieto Cigars
CO Jones Cigars
Cohiba Cigars
Colibri Cutters
Colibri Lighters
Contenders Pack
Cromagnon Aquitaine Cigars
Cromagnon Cigars
Cuba Rica Limitada
Cuban Delights Cigars
Davidoff 702 Series Cigars
Davidoff Aniversario Cigars
Davidoff Cigar Journal 2019
Davidoff Colorado Claro Cigars
Davidoff Escurio Cigars
Davidoff Especiales 7 LE 2019
Davidoff Florida Selection LE
Davidoff Gran Cru Cigars
Davidoff LE Robusto Intenso
Davidoff Maduro Cigars
Davidoff Millenium Cigars
Davidoff Nicaragua Box Pressed
Davidoff Nicaragua Cigars
Davidoff Primeros Cigars
Davidoff Signature Cigars
Davidoff Winston Churchill
Davidoff Winston Churchill LH
Davidoff Yamasa Cigars
Deadwood Cigars by Drew Estate
Debonaire Cigars
Debonaire Daybreak Cigars
Desperado
Diamond Crown Ashtrays
Diamond Crown Black Diamond
Diamond Crown Cigars
Diamond Crown Humidors
Diamond Crown Maximus Cigars
Don Lino Africa Cigars
Don Rafael Cigars
Dos Hombre Barber Pole Cigars
Dos Hombre Dominican Box Press
Dos Hombre Dominican Cabinet
Dos Hombre Dominican Cigars
Dos Hombre Dominican Maduro
Dos Hombre Emperor Cigars
Dos Hombre Honduran Cabinet
Dos Hombre Honduran Cigars
Dos Hombre Honduran Maduro
Dos Hombre Nicaraguan Cigars
E.P. Carrillo 10 Year
Edge Lite by Rocky Patel
Eiroa CBT Maduro Cigars
Eiroa Cigars
Eiroa First 20 Cigars
Eiroa First 20 Colorado Cigars
Eiroa Jamastran
El Gueguense 5 Year Cigars
El Tallo Cigars
EP Carrillo Encore Cigars
EP Carrillo Inch Cigars
EP Carrillo Inch Ringmaster
EP Carrillo La Historia Cigar
EP Carrillo New Wave Conn
EP Carrillo Pledge Cigars
Excalibur Cigars
Firecracker Cigars
Fleur de la Reine Cigars
Flor de las Antillas Cigars
Florida Sun Grown
Fratello Bianco Cigars
Fratello Cigars
Fratello Navetta Cigars
Fratello Navetta Inverso Cigar
Garofalo Connecticut Cigars
Garofalo Maduro Cigars
Garofalo Sun Grown Cigars
Gran Habano Cigars
Great Pretenders Cigars
Griffins Cigars
Guardian of Farm Nightwatch
H Upmann by AJ Fernandez
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve
Hammer Sickle Berlin Wall
Hammer Sickle Berlin Wall BP
Hammer Sickle Hermitage
Hammer Sickle Trademark
Hammer Sickle Tradicion
Happy Birthday Cigars
Henry Clay War Hawk Cigars
Henry Clay War Hawk LE
Highclere Castle by Foundation
Hightower by Jose Dominguez
HR Hirochi Robaina Cigars
Humidor Accessories
HVC 500 Aniversario
HVC Black Friday Cigars
HVC Broadleaf Cigars
HVC Hot Cakes Cigars
HVC La Rosa 520 Cigars
HVC Serie A Cigars
Illusione Cigars
Illusione Epernay Cigars
Indian Motorcycle Cigars
Intemperance by RoMa Craft
Intemperance Whiskey Rebellion
Its a Boy or Girl Cigars
Java by Drew Estate Cigars
Java Mint by Drew Estate Cigar
Java Red by Drew Estate Cigar
Jerky
JFR Lunatic Cigars
JFR Lunatic Loco Perfectos
JFR Lunatic Torch
Jose Dominquez Cigars
Joya de Nicaragua Cinco Decada
Juarez by Crowned Heads
Julius Caeser Cigars
Karl Malone Barrel Aged
Kings Treasure Cigars
Kristoff Connecticut Cigars
Kristoff Criollo Cigars
Kristoff Habano Cigars
Kristoff JT Signature
Kristoff Maduro Cigars
Kristoff Shade Grown Cigars
Kristoff TAA Exclusive Cigars
Kristoff Vengeance Cigars
La Antiguedad Cigars
La Aroma de Cuba Cigars
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Cigar
La Aurora 107
La Aurora 107 Nicaragua Cigars
La Aurora DNA Cigars
La Galera Anemoi Cigars
La Galera Box Pressed Cigars
La Galera Connecticut Cigars
La Galera Habano Cigars
La Galera Maduro Cigars
La Galera The Cubes Cigars
La Gianna Cigars
La Gianna Maduro Cigars
La Gloria Cubana Cigars
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Cigar
Lars Tetens Cigars
Leaf by Oscar Cigars
LFD 25th Anniversary Cigars
LFD Andalusian Bull Cigars
LFD Capitulo II
LFD Chapter 1
LFD Double Ligero
LFD La Nox Cigars
LFD La Volcada Cigars
LFD Ligero Cigars
LFD Oro Tubos Cigars
LFD Suave Cigars
LFD TAA Exclusive Cigars
Liga Privada No 9 Cigars
Liga Privada T52 Cigars
Liga Privada Unico Cigars
Los Caidos Cigars
Lotus Cutters
Lotus Lighters
Macanudo Cigars
Margaritaville Accessories
Margaritaville Gift Sets
Mason Dixon by Crowned Heads
Mi Querida Cigars
Mi Querida Firecracker Cigars
Mi Querida Triqui Traca
Miscellaneous Ashtrays
Montecristo Classic Cigars
Montecristo White Label Cigars
Moolah by Perdomo Cigars
Muestro de Saka Cigars
My Father Le Bijou Cigars
Natural By Drew Estate Cigars
Neanderthal by RoMa Craft
Nestor Miranda Cigars
Nestor Miranda Special Select
Nicks Sticks Cigars
Nub Cafe Cigars
Nub Cameroon Cigars
Nub Connecticut Cigars
Nub Habano Cigars
Nub Maduro Cigars
Oliva Connecticut Cigars
Oliva Serie G Cigars
Oliva Serie O Cigars
Oliva Serie V Cigars
Oliva Serie V Maduro
Oliva Serie V Melanio Cigars
Oliva Serie V Melanio Maduro
Oliveros Gran Retorno Habano
Oneoff Cigars
Onyx Reserve Cigars
Padron 1926 Cigars
Padron Anniversary Cigars
Padron Cigars
Padron Family Reserve Cigars
Palio Cutters
Pappy Van Winkle Tradition
Partagas Black Cigars
Patina Cigars
Perdomo 10th Anniv Maduro
Perdomo 10th Anniv Sun Grown
Perdomo 10th Anniversary Champ
Perdomo 10th Champagne Noir
Perdomo 20th Anniv Connecticut
Perdomo 20th Anniv Maduro
Perdomo 20th Anniv Sun Grown
Perdomo ESV Cigars
Perdomo Firecracker
Perdomo Fresco Maduro Cigars
Perdomo Fresco Natural Cigars
Perdomo Habano Connecticut
Perdomo Habano Maduro Cigars
Perdomo Habano Sun Grown
Perdomo Humidfied 4 Pack
Perdomo Lot 23 Maduro Cigars
Perdomo Lot 23 Sun Grown
Perdomo Small Batch
Perla Del Mar Cigars
Perla Del Mar Maduro Cigars
Pistoff Kristoff Cigars
Plasencia Alma del Campo Cigar
Plasencia Alma Fuerte Cigars
Plus 90 Cigars
Presidente Wheel
Punch Cigars
Punch Rare Corojo
Pura Soul Cigars
Questa e la Vita Cigars
Recluse Amadeus Cigars
Recluse Amadeus Habano Cigars
Recluse Amadeus Los Cabos
Recluse Cigars
Recluse Draconian Cigars
Red Anchor Cigars
Rocky Patel 1990 Vintage Cigar
Rocky Patel 1992 Vintage Cigar
Rocky Patel 1999 Vintage Cigar
Rocky Patel 2006 Vintage Cigar
Rocky Patel 20th Anni Cigars
Rocky Patel ALR Cigars
Rocky Patel Decade Cigars
Rocky Patel Edge Cigars
Rocky Patel Quarter Century
Rocky Patel Sun Grown Maduro
Rocky Patel TAA Exclusivo 2020
Rocky Patel Winter Collection
Rocky Patel World Championship
Roma Craft Limited Cigars
Romeo y Julieta Cigars
Romeo y Julieta Reserva Real
Rough Rider Sweets Cigars
Serino Royale Connecticut
Serino Royale Maduro XX Cigars
Sin Compromiso Cigars
Sobremesa Brulee Blue Cigars
Sobremesa Brulee Cigars
Sobremesa Cigars
Southern Draw Jacobs Ladder
Southern Draw Rose of Sharon
Studio 21 Cigars
Tabak Especial Dulce Cigars
Tabak Especial Negra Cigars
Tabaquero by Hamlet Paredes
Tabernacle by Foundation Cigar
Tabernacle CT by Foundation
Taino Cigars
Tattoo Cigars by Tatuaje
Tatuaje Cigars
Tatuaje Mexican Experiment
Tatuaje Negociant
Te-Amo Cigars
Ted's Cigars
Todos Las Dias Cigars
Topper 120th Anniversary Cigar
Topper Cigars
Toscano Cigars
Travel Humidors
Two Guys Cutters
Two Guys Pipe Tobacco Blends
Umbagog Cigars
Undercrown Cigars
Undercrown Shade Cigars
United Cigars
United Series Unidas
Upsetters by Foundation Cigars
Vertigo Lighters
Via Havana Corojo Cigars
Via Havana Maduro Cigars
Victor Sinclair Ed. Especial
Victor Sinclair Serie 55 Cigar
Wayfarer by Serino Cigars
Wheel Deal Cigars
Wise Man Maduro by Foundation
Xikar Cutters
Xikar Lighters
Yagua Cigars
Zino Platinum Cigars
Zino Platinum Two Guys Exclus
Cart 0
Your basket is empty.
Menu  Sign In
Cart 0
Your basket is empty.
Cigar Shop
Cigar of the Month
Samplers
Humidors
Lighters
Cutters
New Items
Air Fresheners
Cigar Shop
Cigar of the Month
Samplers
Humidors
Lighters
Cutters
New Items
Air Fresheners
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to the 2 Guys Cigar Website (the "Site"). This Site is
intended to provide you with information about cigars, sponsored
events and other activities, products and/or services we may offer
from time to time. It also allows you to interact with us and others
and provides you the opportunity to contact us directly. While we
want you to enjoy the experience of visiting our Site, we also want
you to understand the terms to which you agree when visiting the
Site. References to "we" or "us" or "2 Guys" herein refer to 2 Guys
Smoke Shop, Two Guys Smoke Shop, 2 Guys Cigars and Two Guys Cigars,
our affiliated and related companies, service providers, suppliers,
advertisers and designees (and all of their successors, officers,
partners, employees, agents and representatives) as deemed
appropriate by us. .Site. refers to all websites and webpage.s
within the Site and any back-up, equivalent or substitute websites
or webpage.s associated with the Site.
Compliance with Terms
By accessing this Site, you are agreeing to these Terms of Use,
our Privacy
Policy, any additional terms that govern certain products,
services or offerings, which will be presented in conjunction with
such products, services and offerings (.Additional Terms.) as well
as other legal notices, terms and policies on this Site (together
referred to as "Terms"), all of which are expressly incorporated
herein by this reference. In the event of any conflict between the
Terms of Use and any Additional Terms, the Additional Terms shall
govern.
You agree to use the Site only in accordance with the Terms, whether
you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or
you are a "Member" (which means you have registered with us for the
Site, if registration is available on the Site). The term "User"
means a "Visitor" or a "Member". Please read and save all of the
Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use this Site or
any of its features. If you register to become a Member you will be
required to indicate your acceptance of these Terms during the
registration process.
Amendment
We may amend or terminate any Terms at any time and such amendment
or termination will be effective at the time we post the revised
Terms on the Site. We will notify you of material changes to any
Terms.  Notices of material changes may be posted on the Site,
emailed to you, displayed upon login and/or given by any other
reasonable means that we decide. Each time you use the Site you
should visit and review the then current Terms that apply to your
transactions and use of this Site. Your continued use of the Site
after we have posted revised Terms signifies your acceptance of such
revised Terms. If you are dissatisfied with the Site, its Content or
any Terms (including as modified), you agree that your sole and
exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site. The Terms are the
entire agreement between you and 2 Guys with respect to your use of
the Site.
Eligibility
You agree to use the Site only in accordance with the Terms, whether
you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Site) or
you are a "Member" (which means you have registered with us for the
Site, if registration is available on the Site). The term "User"
means a "Visitor" or a "Member". Please read and save all of the
Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, do not use this Site or
any of its features. If you register to become a Member you will be
required to indicate your acceptance of these Terms during the
registration process.
Use of the Site and its features and registration to be a Member
("Membership") is void where prohibited. By using the Site and its
features, you represent and warrant that (a) all registration
information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will
maintain the accuracy of such information; and (c) your use of the
Site and its features does not violate any applicable law, rule or
regulation. The terms .use. or .using. mean any act or attempt by
you to directly or indirectly access, visit, view, interact with,
receive, transmit, display or exchange data, print or copy from,
communicate with or otherwise utilize any features or other elements
of the Site for any purposes whatsoever.
Term
The Terms, as we may revise them from time to time, shall remain in
full force and effect while you use the Site features or are a
Member. You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any
reason. We may terminate your Membership or limit your Site access
at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or
explanation, and without liability of any kind to you or any other
person or entity. Even after Membership is terminated, the Terms
will remain in effect and you will remain bound by them (including
without limitation, any representations, warranties,
indemnifications and limitations of liability) except that your
right to use the Site as a Member will terminate.
Passwords
If registration is available on the Site, then when you register to
become a Member, you may be asked to choose a user name and
password. You may also be asked for other information when you
register to become a Member or when you post any Content to the
Site. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of this information. You are not permitted to allow anyone else to
use your user name and password to log into the Site or for any
other reason. You must notify us immediately if you suspect any
unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You are
solely responsible for any and all use of your account so please be
vigilant in protecting its confidentiality. Please also make sure
you promptly notify us if any of your registration information
changes, in case we need to contact you.  We are in no
way responsible for any loss or damages that you may incur or any
product purchases that are made as a result of any unauthorized use
of your user name or password.  However, you may be liable for
the losses of 2 Guys or others due to such unauthorized
use.
Your Use of the Site
Users have a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to access this
Site, to view information contained at this Site, and to interact
with the Site solely for their own personal use and not for any
commercial purpose. You agree not to use the Site for any unlawful
purpose. You agree not to use the Site in any manner not expressly
authorized by the Terms. You agree not to copy, translate, modify or
make derivative works of any portion of the Site.
Tampering with the Site, misrepresenting the identity or age of a
user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the
Site are prohibited.
User Content
We may, but are not obligated to, allow you to upload music, images,
photos, videos, sounds, art, graphics, text, messages or other
materials or any combination of these ("Content") for display on the
Site. If we allow this feature, please choose carefully the
information you post on the Site, provide to other Users and/or
otherwise make available to us and through the Site. Your content
may not include any form of Prohibited Content, as outlined
below. Despite this prohibition, information, materials, products or
services provided by other Members (for instance, in their profile
or displayed on the Site in areas in which users can post content)
may, in whole or in part, be unauthorized, impermissible or
otherwise violate the Terms, and we assume no responsibility or
liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the
Site or its features by any person or entity, please click on the
"Contact Us" link on the Site pages and follow the directions as to
how to contact us.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reject, refuse to
post or remove any posting (including private messages) by you, or
to deny, restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any
part of the Site at any time, for any or no reason, with or without
prior notice or explanation, and without liability. We expressly
reserve the right to remove your profile and/or deny, restrict,
suspend, or terminate your Membership and/or your access to all or
any part of the Site if we determine, in our sole discretion, that
you have violated the Terms, pose a threat to us, our suppliers
and/or our Users or for any other purpose we determine in our sole
discretion.
Prohibited Content
You may not upload to the Site any Content that:  is not owned
exclusively by you;  you do not have the right or permission to
use or upload; violate someone.s rights of publicity or privacy
or equivalent name and likeness right;  is obscene or lewd; is
inconsistent with the reputation and image of 2 Guys;  is
defamatory or discriminatory; contains trademarks or other
intellectual property owned by others; is not truthful; violates any
law or regulation; is not otherwise in good
taste; contains bugs, viruses, Trojan horses or any other
potentially damaging code or programs; contains any code or
programs that copy, collect or alter any information, code or
Content on the Site; or otherwise violates these Terms.
Proprietary Rights
2 Guys does not claim any ownership rights in the Content that you
post on the Site (if applicable). After posting your Content to the
Site, you continue to retain any rights you may have in your
Content, subject to the license granted to 2 Guys herein.
By displaying or publishing Content on the Site, or otherwise
submitting Content to us (collectively, "posting"), you hereby grant
to 2 Guys an unlimited, royalty-free, non-exclusive right and
license (but not obligation) to edit and/or use your Content, in
whole or in part, for any purposes whatsoever, throughout the
universe, in any languages and in any media formats or media
channels now existing or developed in the future, without
accounting, notification or other obligation or liability to you
whatsoever.   All rights and licenses granted by you under
these Terms are perpetual and irrevocable.
Without limiting the foregoing, the rights granted to 2 Guys by you
include without limitation, the following rights with respect to all
or any portions of your Content: to host, cache, store or maintain
your Content on the Site or as otherwise determined by us; to copy
or otherwise reproduce your Content; to reformat, repurpose, modify,
delete from, add to, distort, translate, or create derivative works
of  your Content; to mix, combine, merge or incorporate all or
any portions of your Content into works of authorship by us or by
others or to otherwise alter the Content; and to use, exhibit
publicly perform, publicly display, publish, broadcast, transmit,
distribute, advertise, market, promote and otherwise exploit your
Content or derivatives thereof in any manner and for any purpose
whatsoever, whether on, through or in connection with the Site or
other media channels whether in connection with the advertising,
marketing publicity and/or promotion of the Site (including, for
example, through screen shots), 2 Guys, our products, services or
events or whether for any other purpose we desire.
The rights granted to 2 Guys by you also include the royalty-free
right, license and permission to use your name and conversation
(including quotes, paraphrases, sounds and any performance of
musical compositions), likeness, personal identification,
personality and personal experiences, trade names, service or
trademarks, logos, brands and/or other distinctive identification
and/or proprietary indicia contained in or otherwise associated with
your Content in order to exploit any and all of the rights granted
to 2 Guys by you under the Terms. You will not be entitled to and
you will not receive any compensation, credit or other consideration
for your Content or any use made of your Content once submitted to
us. You acknowledge that our acceptance of your Content, whether or
not used by us, constitutes sufficient and adequate consideration
for all of the rights granted to us by you.
You acknowledge that Content posted by you to the Site or otherwise
submitted or disclosed to us may embody materials, suggestions,
concepts or ideas that are substantially similar or identical to
those which have been developed by 2 Guys or which have been (or may
in the future be) submitted to us by others (.Like
Properties.).  You further acknowledge and agree that you will
not be entitled to receive compensation of any kind with respect to
the use or exploitation of any such Like Properties and any
similarities between Content submitted or disclosed to us by you and
any Like Properties are purely coincidental and unavoidable.
2 Guys shall have the right to freely assign, transfer, convey,
license, sublicense, delegate and/or otherwise dispose of all or any
portion of the rights, licenses, privileges and/or obligations of 2
Guys under the Terms to any person or entity without accounting,
notification or other obligation or liability to you
whatsoever.
From time to time, we may remove Content from the Site, permanently
or temporarily, provided that even if we do remove such Content from
the Site, we shall have no obligation to cease our other uses of the
Content as permitted above.
You represent and warrant that:
You own the Content posted by you on or through the Site or
otherwise have and will continue to have the rights necessary to
grant all of the rights, licenses, consents, permissions and
approvals set forth in the Terms and to otherwise perform your
obligations under the Terms;
The posting of your Content on or through the Site does not contain
any defamatory, tortuous or otherwise unlawful information, violate
the privacy rights, publicity rights, contract rights, intellectual
property rights, moral rights or any other rights of any person or
entity or contain any material the publication or sale of which
might violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations;
The Content posted by you will comply in all respects with the
Terms.
You shall be solely and fully responsible for and shall timely pay
any and all royalties, fees, and any other amounts owing to any
person or entity by reason of any Content posted by you or your use
of the Site;
All of the information posted by you in connection with your Content
is correct, complete and current; and The submission of your Content
is not subject to or under the jurisdiction of any guild or union
collective bargaining agreement, it being understood by you that 2
Guys is not a signatory to any such collective bargaining agreement.
Upon the request of 2 Guys you will provide 2 Guys any documentation
or other substantiation that 2 Guys deems reasonably necessary to
verify your compliance with the above representations and warranties
or any or all of the Terms. You acknowledge that 2 Guys does not
guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any information
provided by you, and that none of the Content you submit to us will
be treated as confidential or subject to any restrictions of any
kind.
The Site may contain Content provided by 2 Guys, including, without
limitation, text, images and logos. 2 Guys content is protected by
copyright, trademark, and other laws, and 2 Guys owns and retains
all rights and the features and functionality of the Site. 2 Guys
hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-sub licensable license
to reproduce and display the content (excluding any software code)
solely for your personal use in connection with viewing the
Site. The Site may contain Content of Users and other
licensors. Except as expressly provided within the terms, you may
not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit,
distribute, perform, display, or sell any content appearing on or
through the Site.
Content Posted.
You acknowledge and agree that 2 Guys shall have no obligation to
accept, host, post, display, use or otherwise do anything with
respect to any Content posted by you and 2 Guys in its sole and
absolute discretion may reject, refuse to post or delete any Content
for any or no reason, including, without limitation, Content that in
the sole judgment of 2 Guys violates these Terms, our Privacy Policy
and/or our Acceptable Use Policy. We assume no responsibility for
monitoring the Site for inappropriate Content or conduct. If at any
time 2 Guys chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Site, we
nonetheless assume no responsibility for the Content, no obligation
to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility
for the conduct of the User submitting any such Content.
You are solely responsible for your use of the Site, the Content
that you post on or through the Site, and any material or
information that you transmit to other Members and for your
interactions with other Users.
Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
2 Guys respects the intellectual property of others, and requires
that our Users do the same. You may not upload, embed, post, email,
transmit or otherwise make available any material that infringes any
copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary
rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate
the Membership of anyone we suspect to be an infringer.
If you believe that your intellectual property has been copied
and/or provided to us in a way that constitutes copyright
infringement, please notify us as set forth in our Copyright
Infringement Notice Procedure.
Disclaimers
THE 2 GUYS CIGAR SITE AND ALL INFORMATION, MATERIALS, CONTENT,
PRODUCTS, SERVICES, FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS OFFERED BY, THROUGH OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED .AS IS. AND .AS
AVAILABLE. WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF RIGHTS. 2
GUYS CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM
USE OF THE SITE OR ANY ELEMENTS THEREOF.
Without limiting the foregoing, 2 Guys is not responsible for and
makes no warranties, express or implied, as to any Site Content,
features or functions, including, without limitation with respect to
the accuracy, completeness, authenticity, validity, reliability,
timeliness, adequacy, quality, performance, usefulness, or security
of the 2 Guys foregoing, whether caused by us, by users, by any of
the equipment or programming associated with or utilized by the
Site, or otherwise. The User Content does not necessarily reflect
the opinions or policies of 2 Guys. Profiles and third party
applications created and posted by Members on the Site may contain
links to other websites. 2 Guys is not responsible for the content,
accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites
are not necessarily investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy,
completeness or otherwise by 2 Guys. Inclusion of any linked website
on the Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked
website by 2 Guys. When you access these third party sites, you do
so at your own risk. 2 Guys takes no responsibility for third party
advertisements or third party applications that are posted on or
through the Site, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods
or services provided by its advertisers. 2 Guys is not responsible
for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Site
including, without limitation, any Content posted by any User. 2
Guys assumes no responsibility for any error, omission,
interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission,
communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized
access to, or alteration of, any User or Member communication. 2
Guys is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of
any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or
providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or
players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the
Internet or on any portion of the Site or combination thereof,
including any injury or damage to Users or to any person's computer
related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials
in connection with the Site. Under no circumstances shall 2 Guys be
responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or
death, resulting from use of the Site, attendance at a 2 Guys
hosted, branded or sponsored event, from any User Content posted on
or through the Site, or from the conduct of any Users, whether
online or offline. Additionally, 2 Guys shall have no liability for
any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses or the like which may be
transmitted to or through the Site by a third party or anything else
beyond our control. We are not responsible for any damage to your
computer, software, modem, telephone or other property resulting
from your use of the Site. We will not be liable to you if you are
unable to access information through the Site.
The Site and its user Content submission features are controlled and
offered by 2 Guys from its facilities in the United States.  2
Guys disclaims any representations or warranties that the Site, Site
features or Content is available for use in or appropriate for other
jurisdictions.  Those who access the Site from other
jurisdiction do so at their own volition and are responsible for
complying with laws or regulations that may apply to them in their
applicable jurisdiction.  2 Guys makes no representations or
warranties that the Site, the Content or 2 Guy.s use of Content in
accordance with the Terms will comply with the laws or regulations
of jurisdictions other than the United States.
Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain
warranties and/or liabilities, so certain of the above limitations
or exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitations of Our Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY
ACTUAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES, COSTS, FEES OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND IN
CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE SITE, YOUR USE OF THE SITE (OR
ANY ELEMENTS THEREOF OF) OR THESE TERMS IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER WE
HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF, KNEW OF, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE
LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF
ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BREACH OF
CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, DEFAMATION, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION, AND OTHER LEGAL THEORIES LIABILITY FOR
DAMAGES SHALL BE LIMITED AND EXCLUDED AS AFORESAID EVEN IF ANY
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED FOR IN THE TERMS FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.  THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  IF THE WARRANTY
EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THE TERMS ARE
FOR ANY REASON HELD UNENFORCEABLE OR INAPPLICABLE, YOU AGREE THAT
OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS
($100).
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT 2 GUYS IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE CONTENT OR THE
DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD
PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF DAMAGE OR HARM FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS
ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
Indemnification
Your use of the Site is solely at your own risk.  You agree to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless 2 Guys  from any claims,
damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses, (including without
limitation, attorneys' fees) (.Claims.), due or relating to or
arising out of: (1)your use of the Site in violation of the Terms;
(2)any actual or alleged breach by you of the Terms and/or your
representations and warranties set forth in the Terms; and/or (3)
any use or non-use of the Content that you post (including, without
limitation, Claims for defamation, false light, invasion of privacy,
right of publicity, infringement of intellectual property or other
rights of any person or entity, violation of moral rights or similar
rights, emotional distress or economic loss).
2 Guys reserves the right to assume at its sole expense, the
exclusive defense and control of any such Claim and all negotiations
for settlement or compromise and you agree to fully cooperate with 2
Guys in the defense of any such Claim as requested by 2
Guys.
Miscellaneous
The Terms will be construed, and their performance enforced, under
the laws of California without reference to choice of law
principles. Any dispute relating to the Terms or the Site may be
litigated only in a court having jurisdiction and venue in
Rockingham County for state court causes of action and in the
District of New Hampshire for federal court causes of action. The
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods does not apply to the Terms. We may assign the Terms, in whole
or in part, to a related entity or to a third party.
EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY
LITIGATION (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS,
CROSS-CLAIMS, OR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS) ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. FURTHER, EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF EITHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT IN THE EVENT OF
SUCH LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL
PROVISION. EACH OF THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS SECTION IS A
MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE OTHER PARTY ENTERING INTO THE
TERMS.
The Terms are accepted upon your use of the Site or any of its
features and is further affirmed upon you becoming a Member (if
applicable). The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you
and 2 Guys regarding the use of Site and its services and
features. The failure of 2 Guys to exercise or enforce any right or
provision of the Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right
or provision. The section titles in the Terms are for convenience
only and have no legal or contractual effect. The Terms operate to
the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of the Terms
is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed
severable from the Terms and does not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.
© 2020 Two Guys Smoke Shop · Powered by NitroSell