http://www.campagnolo.com/US/en/store/terms_of_use
Select country
International
Italy
United States
Canada
France
Benelux
Spain
Japan
Germany and Swiss
United Kingdom
Australia and New Zeland
Select language
Select language
Italiano
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Change country
Confirm
Your shopping cart is empty
close
search
Groupsets
Disciplines
Road Racing
Triathlon
Gravel
Electronic Groupsets
Rim
Disc
Mechanical Groupsets
Rim
Disc
Discover the exclusive Campagnolo technologies
Electronic technologies
Mechanical Technologies
Wheels
Disciplines
Road Racing
Triathlon
Gravel
Track
Materials
Full Carbon
Aluminum
Use
Aero
Performance
Endurance
Profile
High Profile
Medium Profile
Low Profile
Brakes
Rim
Disc
Discover the exclusive Campagnolo technologies
Technologies wheels TEC RUOTE
Shops
News & Media
Company
Our Company
What we do
How we work
Milestones
The Campagnolo heritage
Work with us
E-Store
Men
Road
Men's Cycling Jerseys
Cycling Bibs & Bib Shorts
Cycling Jackets & Gilet
Gravel
Men's Gravel Jerseys
Gravel Bib Shorts
Women
Road
Women's Cycling Jerseys
Women's Cycling Bibs
Gravel
Women's Gravel Jerseys
Women's Gravel Bib Shorts
Cycling Accessories
Cycling gloves
Cycling socks
Cycling Caps
Cycling Water Bottles
Handlebar Accessories
Gravel Bags
Gravel Mudguards
Casual Wear
Collectibles
person Login
United States
Racing
Support
Find out how to best manage
and maintain your bike
DOWNLOAD MyCampy
Home
Online store
Area Supporto Store
Terms of use
Terms of use
Welcome to www.campagnolo.com, the official online store of Campagnolo S.r.l., hereinafter the Website
The access and use of the Website are activities regulated by these General Conditions of Use. The access and use of this Website, as well as the purchase of products, imply the reading, knowledge and acceptance of these General Conditions of Use, and General Sales Conditions. This Website is managed and maintained by  Websolute S.r.l., with legal office in Italy, Strada della Campanara 15 61122 Pesaro (PU)-Italy ,fiscal code, VAT no. and registration number in the Business Registry of Pesaro 02063520411, hereinafter “WS”
For assistance and/or information concerning orders and shipping, refunds and return of products purchased on the Website, suggestions and other general information on the services offered by the Website, please contact  WS, by email at WS  storesupport@campagnolo.com. For any other legal information, please consult the General Sales Conditions, Withdrawal and Privacy Policy. WS can modify or simply update these General Conditions of Use, in full or in part. The changes and updates of the General Conditions of Use will be notified to the users in the Homepage of the Website as soon as they become applicable, and they will be binding once published on the Website, in this section. Should you not agree with the General Conditions of Use of the Website, in full or in part, please do not use our Website.
The access and use of the Website, including the visualization of the web pages, communication with WS, possibility to download information on products and purchase of said products on the Website, constitute activities carried out by our users, exclusively for personal purposes and not related to any commercial, entrepreneurial and professional activity. By accessing the site, you will be the only one liable for the use of the Website and its contents. In fact, WS cannot be deemed liable for the use of the Website and its contents which is not compliant with applicable laws, by any of its users, granted WS’s liability for fraud and serious fault. In particular, you will be the only one liable for the communication of wrong, false information and data or relative to third parties, without their explicit consent, and for the improper use of said data.
In conclusion, since all the material will be downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of a selected service at the user's risk, any liability for possible damages to the computer systems or losses of data due to downloading operations, will be borne by the user and cannot be attributed to WS. WS declines any liability for possible damages due to the impossibility to access the services offered on the Website or possible damages caused by viruses, corrupted files, errors, omissions, service interruptions, deletions of contents, problems related to the network, providers or telephone and/or telecommunication connections, non-authorized accesses, data alterations, lack and/or faulty operation of the user's electronic devices.
The user is liable for the preservation and use his/her personal information properly, including the login information that allows to access reserved services, and for any detrimental consequence or prejudice derived to WS or third parties due to improper use, loss, or stealing of said information.
WS has made every effort to display accurately the products featured on this Site. WS cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color, texture or merchandise details will be accurate.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please read carefully the Privacy Policy – in order to understand how the Website collects and uses your personal data and for which purposes - also applied to users that access the Website and use the relative services, even without purchasing any product.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All the contents of the Website, in any format, published on the Website, including web pages, graphics, colors, schemes, tools, the characters and design of the Website, the diagrams, layouts, methods, processes, functions and software relative to  the Website, are protected by copyright and any other intellectual property right boasted by Campagnolo, WS and other rights of proprietors. The reproduction of the Website and its contents, whether in full or in part, is prohibited in any form, without the explicit written approval of Campagnolo and WS. Campagnolo and WS boasts the exclusive right to authorize or forbid the direct or indirect, temporary or permanent reproduction, in any way or form, whether in full or in part, of the Website and its contents. With regards to the use of the Website,  you are exclusively authorized to
(i) visualize the Website and its contents;
(ii) perform any other temporary reproduction activity which is not related to any personal economic purpose, considered provisional or additional, and integral and essential activity for the visualization of the Website and its contents;
(iii) any other navigation activity on the Website, performed exclusively in view of a licit use of the same site and its contents.
Any additional reproduction activity may  be authorized by Campagnolo and WS from time to time or by the authors of the single works available on the Website, if needed. Said reproduction activities shall be anyhow performed for licit purposes and in compliance with copyrights and all the other intellectual property rights of Campagnolo, WS and authors of the single works available on the Website. The authors of the single works published on the Website  have the right to claim the legitimacy of their work at any time, and to oppose to any alteration, editing or any other change of the same works, including any act that may cause prejudice to the works, and be detrimental for their image and reputation. You agree to comply with the copyrights of the artists that chose to publish their works on the Website of that have collaborated with the latter, to the creation of new expressive and artistic forms destined to be published, even if not exclusively, on the Website or that form an integral part of it. Moreover, you are not authorized under any circumstance, to use the contents of the Website and any single work protected by copyright and any other intellectual property right, in any way or form. For example and not limitedly to, you cannot alter or anyhow, modify the protected contents and works without the consent of Campagnolo, WS and of the single authors of the works published on the Website, if needed.
LINKS TO OTHER THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website contains hypertext links (the "links") to other third party websites which are not related to the Website. WS does not control neither performs monitoring activities on said websites and their contents. WS will not be deemed liable for the contents of these websites and rules adopted by the latter, also with regards to your privacy and handling of your personal data while browsing through said sites. Therefore, please be careful when connecting to these websites through the links available on the Website and read carefully the relative conditions of use and regulations on privacy. Indeed, these General Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy of the Website are not applied to websites managed by other subjects other than WS. The Website provides links to other websites, only with the purpose to facilitate its users in their search and navigation activities, and to facilitate the online hypertext connection to other websites. The activation of the links does not imply any recommendation or warning by WS for accessing and browsing these websites, neither any guarantee about their contents, services or products offered by said sites and sold to the Internet users.
USER’S RESPONSABILITIES
1. By accessing the Site and using any of its features, You agree not to:
upload, post, email,  display or otherwise transmit or make available through the use of any of Campagnolo’s features: (a) any information, content or data  that is fraudulent, misleading, inaccurate, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, profane, indecent, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, including any communication that constitutes (or encourages conduct that would constitute) a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any applicable law or regulation or standard of conduct, (b) any information that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements), (c) any information that infringes, violates, or misappropriates any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, privacy, publicity or other rights of any other person or entity, (d) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of solicitation, or (e) any material that contains any virus, Trojan horse, worm, time bomb or any other computer code, files or programs designed to damage, interfere with, intercept, misappropriate, gain control over or limit the functionality of any computer, computer network, communications device, communications system, data or personal information;
remove any trademarks, service marks, copyright notices or any other notice featured or contained on any part of the Site; and
hack  into Campagnolo’s Site, or to defeat or overcome any encryption technology or security measures implemented by Campagnolo and/or data transmitted, processed or stored by Campagnolo.
2. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used without Campagnolo’s written permission. Campagnolo neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Campagnolo.
3. While Campagnolo, uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Campagnolo makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Campagnolo assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
APPLICABLE LAW
These General Conditions of Use are regulated by Italian laws.
Shop
Find the store nearest to you
E-store
Subscribe and get 10% discount
Free shipping on orders over € 150,00
Subscribe now
This site uses cookies to provide the best possible browsing experience as well as for business and advertising purposes. If you continue to browse the site without disabling them, you authorise us to use cookies on your device. To read our policy on cookies click here.