http://www.electronicpestrepeller.com/pages/privacy
Privacy
– Pest Repeller Ultimate
Skip to content
Good Life® Inc.
PestRepellerUltimate
Change Country
United States
Canada
European Union
United Kingdom
Australia
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
Questions? Call
1-800-657-8214 or Chat now
Sign In
0
Cart
Search Pest Control
Products
Shop by Pest
Reviews
Support
More
Close
The Guardian™ Indoor/Outdoor Pest Repeller — BOGO Sale for a Limited Time!
Home
/
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy both online and offline is our biggest commitment. By purchasing our products you are joining the Good Life family, where innovation and convenience come together - and trust is the foundation.
When placing an order online, we only ask you for the information that is needed to place your order. We generally ask for your first and last name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, telephone number, what type of product you are ordering, and your credit card information for the general purpose of fulfilling your order.
Collection and Protection of Personal Data
When you place an order on a Good Life website, your information is protected by a secure HTTPS: Server which encrypts your information to further ensure its security. Using cookies, we monitor information such as products viewed and the time spent browsing specific webpages.
We will track the number of visitors to a specific URL, the date and time of that visit, and the geological region from which that website was visited. This is done strictly for analytic purposes and to measure the effectiveness of our online content. In doing so, we can improve our customer service agenda, offer additional products through advertisements, and ensure the most fulfilling shopping experience while on our websites.
We collect data such as names, phone numbers, and addresses in order to keep our customers updated about their orders. Again, we will not contact our customers via email or phone unless it pertains to the completion of an order or the customer has specifically requested information. Exceptions include those on our mailing list.
Mailing Lists
During your order process, you will have to the option to become part of our mailing list and receive occasional notifications about new products, sales, and helpful tips from Good Life. While on our mailing list, if at any time you wish to opt out and no longer receive notifications, you are free to do so. Just click the unsubscribe link located in any of the update or special discount emails that you receive from us.
Your Credit Card Information
Your credit card details are not stored by us and cannot be seen or accessed by our staff. Our site uses Shopify's framework, which is PCI compliant . Your can view Shopify's Privacy Policy here .
We stand behind our products.
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
Call Now
1-800-657-8214
Call Now
Sign Up for Emails
Help is on the way. Get 10% off and live pest-free when you sign up for our emails.
Enter Your Email
Sign Up
Products
Pest Repeller Ultimate® AT
The Guardian™
Solar SafeGuard™
UltraSweep™ Mini
Scare Cannons
More Products
Resources
Customer Reviews
Limited-Time Deals
Tips and Tricks
Affiliate Program
Support
Call
1-800-657-8214
Support Center
Shop By Pest
Refund & Return Policy
Shipping Information
Sign In or Register
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
Privacy
Terms
Disclaimer
Site Map
Good Life Inc.,
887 Gilman Road,
Medford,
OR
97504
US:
1-800-657-8214
Outside US: 1-541-245-4488
CustomerService@goodlifeinc.com
Payment methods accepted
American Express
Apple Pay
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa
© 2020 Good Life, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
My Cart
Continue Shopping
Your cart is empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
You May Also Like
Solar Panel
Today's Price
$59.95
Usual Price
$69.95
View Product
60' Extension Cord
Product Price
$10.95
View Product
Good Life® Replacement AC Adapter
Product Price
$9.95
View Product
Mounting Bracket with Pan & Tilt
Product Price
$14.95
View Product
Exit Cart