http://www.montclairartmuseum.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Image
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Montclair Art Museum (“MAM”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its visitors, online guests, customers, members, donors, and friends. This privacy policy governs the way we collect and use information both online and offline, and explains the types of information we collect and how we use it.
By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the website.
Information You Provide
MAM collects personal information from you when you engage in online or in person transactions such as purchases, registrations, making a donation or becoming a member. Additionally, personal information may be transmitted as part of a form submission or in connection with other programs, activities, services, or resources available on our website.
For example, we collect personal information on our website when you:
Create an account
Purchase tickets
Purchase a membership
Make a donation
Purchase merchandise
Purchase or redeem a gift membership
Fill out a “Contact Us” request
Subscribe to a mailing list
Request information about Exhibitions and Programs
Participate in certain education programs (for example, when you complete an online application)
Communicate with use through the website, including completion of online forms
In addition, we may collect personal information outside our website via:
In person ticket or membership sales
By phone
On-Site (for example during an event, a visitor may choose to complete a form and hand it to a staff member, for example in connection with membership or subscription)
Returning mail to us, such as membership renewal solicitations
Completing a survey mailed to you
Completing contact information on forms at local events
How Personal Information is Used
The information that we collect in person and online is used solely for contact with the individual who has given us their personal information or for the original purpose of the given information. MAM uses the personal information that you provide us for internal purposes only. We do not share, lend, or sell any personal information of our supporters and website users to other individuals or organizations for commercial or any other purposes.
We may use personal information to contact you to provide information about other Museum activities, programs, membership and fundraising opportunities, products and special events that may interest you. You may opt-out of having your information used by MAM for these purposes, or you may update your contact information anytime, by contacting us via the form on our Contact Us web page.
MAM engages third-party vendors in order to help us process online and offline transactions, better respond to the needs of our visitors, and enhance our marketing efforts. This includes third-party analytics vendors such as Google Analytics who serve advertisements across the Internet, offline, and sometimes on other websites on the Museum's behalf. They may use information about your visits to the website and other sites to personalize advertisements for goods and services.
The Museum may use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on the Museum; (b) protect and defend the Museum’s rights or property, the website, or the Museum’s users; and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of Museum affiliates, agents, or the users of the website or the public.
Opt-Out
If you would like to be removed from our email or postal mailing list, please contact us at communications@montclairartmuseum.org
Information Collected Automatically
Cookies
The Museum’s website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users, provide a better experience when you browse our website, and improve our site’s performance and usefulness. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small data file that websites can place on your hard drive when you visit. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that tracks the pages you’ve visited within that site. The cookies on this website are primarily used to recognize that a user has visited the website previously and to track user traffic patterns. Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
If you prefer not to receive cookies through the site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You also can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any pages within our website. For more information about cookies, including how to set your browser to reject cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Security
The online transactions conducted on the MAM website are protected by security features designed to prevent the unauthorized release of your personal financial data. All credit card information complies with current PCI standards and will be tokenized and held on third party sites.
While the Museum has endeavored to create a secure and reliable website, please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from this website over the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, the Museum and its employees, agents, officers, directors, legal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns are only responsible for information after receipt and while in our custody and control. You assume the sole and complete risk for using this website and must make your own determination as to these matters.
Children
The Museum does not knowingly collect personal information directly from children under thirteen years of age. Children should always ask parents/ guardians for permission before providing personal information to any website or purchasing any products or services online. The Museum urges all parents/ guardians to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach them about protecting their personal information while online.
Personal Data
The term “personal data” includes information such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, IP address, credit card information, website cookies, and location. Personal information does not include data from which you can no longer be identified due to encryption or anonymity.
Rights to your Personal Data under the GDPR
If the GDPR applies to you, then you have particular rights as an individual under this regulation, including the right to:
Request access to your personal data stored by the Museum and request certain information in relation to its processing;
Request a change and/or update be made to your personal data stored by MAM; and
Request restriction of processing of your personal data;
Request erasure of your personal data stored by MAM; and
Object to the processing of your personal data.
To exercise one of these rights, please contact the Museum at communications@montclairartmuseum.org
This website is published in the United States and is subject to laws of the United States. If you are located in a country outside the United States and voluntarily submit personal information to MAM, you thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the United States. MAM shall not be liable under any circumstances for damages resulting from use of information collected from visitors to the website.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
Without limiting the foregoing, all materials on this website are provided "AS IS" WITHOUT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE, COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER THIRD PARTY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. MAM may update, change, or delete content at any time.  MAM makes reasonable, ongoing efforts to revise and update the website, but does not warrant that the website will provide continuous, prompt, secure, or error-free service, and assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions, including the inaccuracy of content, or for any damages or losses that users or any third party may incur as a result of the unavailability of the website.  MAM assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to or viruses that may infect a user's computer equipment or other property resulting from use of the website or downloading of any materials from the website. At its discretion, MAM may discontinue or take down the website or any section or material within the website at any time.
Limitation of Liability:
NEITHER MAM, ITS AFFILIATES, TRUSTEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, COMPENSATORY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (EVEN IF MAM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO USE OF THE WEBSITE, CONTENT, AND/OR COMPILATION.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA):
MAM is committed to complying with U.S. copyright and related laws, and requires all users of the websites to comply with these laws. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") to report alleged infringements. A copyright owner of any content should contact MAM immediately to report any concerns of infringement by providing notice to the MAM's Designated Agent as required by the DMCA, Title 17 U.S.C. § 512. If such notice is provided by email, please address it to director@montclairartmuseum.org; if such notice is by US postal mail, please address it to: Lora Urbanelli, Director, Montclair Art Museum, 3 South Mountain Avenue, Montclair, NJ 07042.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that MAM may revise this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy. Your continued use of this site shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes to the policy.
Contact Information
Questions, concerns, or complaints regarding the Montclair Art Museum’s privacy policy or practices should be directed to Lora Urbanelli, Director, 973-259-5110 or director@montclairartmuseum.org.
Last updated November 5, 2019
Today: 12/11/20
Hours: 11:00AM - 8:00PM
We're open
On View:
Federico Uribe: Animalia
View
Image
JAM at MAM
Purchase works from local artists
/jersey-artist-marketplace
Image
Join MAM
Members provide essential support
/members/membership-new
Image
Virtual MAM
Explore, learn, and create online
/virtual-museum
11:00AM - 8:00PM
Image
Social Media Menu
Facebook
Youtube
Twitter
Instagram