https://www.fredlake.com/privacy
Powered by Top Rated Local®
Call Us: 800-291-5253
0$0.00Shopping Cart
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Home
Sign In
Customer Service
Call Us: 800-291-5253
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
CLOSE MENU
Home
My Account
Customer Service
Home
Contact Us
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Order History
Return Requests
Menu
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Message | Logo StampsDesigner Stamps
Shiny® Premier Preinked Handstamps
MaxLight™ & istamp® Preinked Handstamps
PSI™ Premium Selfinkers
PSI™ Slim Premium Selfinkers
Shiny® Traditional Selfinkers
Shiny Round Selfinkers
Traditional Rubber Handstamps
Stamp Design Wizard
Multi-Color Holiday Address Stamps
Closeouts & Special Offers
Other StampsDate & Numbering Stamps
Green Line Stamps
Wax Seals
Deposit Stamps
Common Office Stamps
Inspection Stamps
All Shiny Selfinkers
EmbossersLogo Embossers SPECIAL OFFER!
Personal Line Desk Style Embossers
Personal Line Pocket Style Embossers
Deluxe Gift Embossers
Designer Layouts for Embossers
Professional HEAVY DUTY Desk Embossers
PerfectSeal Electric Seals
Foil Embossing Labels
Replacement Clips Only
Notary & Professional SealsNotary Seals & Supplies
Architect & Engineer Seals
Corporate OutfitsApproved Outfit - Corporate
Approved Outfit - LLC
Approved Outfit -
Non-Profit
Approved Outfit - LLP
Approved Outfit - Prof Association
Stock Certificates Only
Name Change Kit
Corporate Seal Only
Misc. Outfit Items
Ink, Pads, Etc.Stamp Ink
Fast Dry / Industrial Ink
Rubber Stamp Pads
Replacement Ink Pads for Selfinkers
Signs & BadgesSocial Distancing Signs COVID-19
Namebadges
Nameplates Only
Desk Nameplates
Wall Nameplates | Signs
Engraving Catalog
Sublimation Catalog
Awards & GiftsPremier Corporate Collection
Premier Crystal & Glass
Premier Personalized Gifts
Premier Leatherette Gifts
Premier Acrylic Awards
Premier Custom Color
Airflyte Walnut Plaques
Airflyte Acrylic Awards
Airflyte Clock Awards
Perfect Closing Gift
About UsBlog
Company History
Press | News
Employment
Site Map
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
HomeContact UsHelpPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsOrder HistoryReturn Requests
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: sales@fredlake.com
By Phone: 800-291-5253
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Changes to the Terms and Conditions
Fred L. Lake & Co. may change these terms and conditions of use at any time, without prior notice. If you access or use the Web site after Fred L. Lake & Co. posts a change, you accept that change. If you do not accept the change, do not access or use the Web site. You should check these terms and conditions of use periodically.
Site Use Policies
Access and Use of the Web siteFred L. Lake & Co. grants you a limited license to access and use the Web site, including to display, copy, distribute and download its content, only for your personal, non-commercial use and provided that you do not modify the Web site, its content, or any copyright or other proprietary notices. This license terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms and conditions of use. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy all copies in your possession.
Unauthorized use of the Web site or any content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Restrictions on Use of the Web siteExcept as expressly authorized above, you may not copy, modify, distribute, download, display, transfer, post, or transmit the Web site or its content in any form without Fred L. Lake & Co.'s prior written permission.
Accuracy of Information and Disclaimer of Warranty
Fred L. Lake & Co. has made every effort to present the content on the Web site accurately, but additions, deletions and changes may occur. Content on the Web site is provided “as is”; neither Fred L. Lake & Co. nor its representatives make any representation or warranty with respect to the content.
Fred L. Lake & Co. and its representatives specifically disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all warranties, express or implied, relating to the Web site or its content, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, completeness, timeliness, correctness, noninfringement, or fitness for any particular purpose.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances will Fred L. Lake & Co. or its affiliates have any liability with respect to any claims or damages (whether direct or indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive) as a result of your access or use of (or inability to access or use) this Web site or its content, even if they have been advised of the possibility of such damages. You access and use this Web site at your own risk.
Ownership & Copyright
The material provided on this Web site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States copyright law and international treaties. The copyright in the content of the Web site is owned by Fred L. Lake & Co. or others. Except for the limited rights granted above, all other rights are reserved.
"Fred L. Lake & Co.", the "Fred L. Lake & Co. logo" are trademarks of Fred L. Lake & Co. and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Fred L. Lake & Co's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Fred L. Lake & Co. All other trademarks not owned by Fred L. Lake & Co that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners.
© 2019 Fred L. Lake & Co., Inc. - All Rights Reserved
Home
Shopping Cart
Your Account
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Corporate Seals
Custom Rubber Stamps
Date Stamps
Devotions
Embossing Seals
Feedback
2017 Flip Catalog
Hand Stamps
Inspection Stamps
Name Badges
Nameplates
Numbering Stamps
Sept 11th
Stock Certificates
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Powered by Top Rated Local®
©1999-2020 Connectweb Technologies, Inc.