https://www.roserushbrooke.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Who we areOur website address is: https://roserushbrooke.com.We are a small online retail business based in the US. We may collect your Personal Information when you:Place an order from our catalog or our web sites.Return an item, make an exchange or submit a rebate.Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service.Sign up for our email updates or other promotional materials.Enter our contest or sweepstake.Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event. Personal information that we collect from you may include:Name.Address.Telephone number.Fax number.Email address.Transaction information.Credit card, debit card or checking account information. Note: We do not collect or store payment information; this is passed through to payment processors only and not seen, or recorded by Rushbrooke Strand.Contact formsContact Us form sends your Name, Email, and Message directly to us as an email.CookiesCookies are pieces of information that are transferred from web sites to your computer’s hard drive and they may serve a variety of purposes (web beacons, flash cookies and other similar technologies may also be used for these purposes). For example, cookies “remember” you when you return to one of our web sites and make your experience more user-friendly. Cookies help us identify which web pages are visited and how often and evaluate how its web sites are used to improve their services.Browser settings, including do not track signals and other mechanisms, will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies, personalized third-party advertising or promotional messages from us; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt out from such promotional messages.Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Analytics Google Analytics may obtain and retain information regarding website usage.Who we share your data withWe do not share your personal information with any other parties. Third-party web sites: Our web sites may contain links to, or plugins or widgets from, social media or other sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy practices on such sites may be different from our privacy statement.Similarly, our websites may be accessed and used from third-party sites that we do not control. We encourage you to consult the privacy policies that govern such sites before using them.How long we retain your dataFirst… We Do Not Save any Payment information such as Credit Card, or PayPal information.Secondly… We collect and save your name, address, email address, and phone number to process and ship the order. This information is retained for normal business requirements for accounting practices and IRS rules. Information security:We maintain reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your personal information.When you enter personal information that contains credit or debit card number at the designated and secured sections of our websites, the site encrypts or encodes the information when sending it over the internet. Personal information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical, administrative, and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards. Avoiding identity theft. If you think someone has improperly accessed or used your personal information supplied to us or made unauthorized purchases at with us using your personal information, please contact us immediately. Note: We do not collect or store payment information; this is passed through to payment processors only and not seen, or recorded by Rushbrooke Strand.