https://www.deadeyedarts.com/privacy-policy/
Free shipping on orders over $100 Australia Wide!
My Account
Login
Register
Gift Card
Brands
Contact Us
Menu
$0.00
(0)
$0.00
(0)
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search
Menu
Login
Register
New
Steel Tip Darts
Top Brands
Alan Glazier Darts
Deadeye Darts
Harrows Darts
Red Dragon Darts
Target Darts
Unicorn Darts
Winmau Darts
SEE ALL BRANDS
Materials
Brass Darts
Dual Core Darts
Nickel Darts
Super Alloy
Tungsten
80% Tungsten Darts
90% Tungsten Darts
95% Tungsten Darts
97% Tungsten Darts
Soft Tip Darts
Flights
Top Brands
AFL Flights
Amazon Flights
Deadeye Flights
Harrows Flights
NRL Flights
Target Flights
Unicorn Flights
SEE ALL BRANDS
Shafts
Accessories
All Accessories
Dartboard Accessories
Dart Mats
Flight Accessories
Grip Enhancers
Shaft Accessories
Steel Tip Dart Accessories
Soft Tip Dart Accessories
SHOP ALL ACCESSORIES
Cases and Wallets
Dartboards
Cabinets / Surrounds
Brands
Our Brands
AFL
American Dart Lines
Bottelsen Darts
Bulls Darts
Cosmo
Deadeye Darts
Elkadart
Harrows
McCoy
McKicks Darts
Nodor
NRL
One80
Pentathlon
Pro Dart
Red Dragon
Ruthless
Shot Darts
Target
Unicorn
Winmau
XQ Max Darts
Specials
Gift Card
News
Contact Us
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Pages
Customer Service
Delivery Information
Exchange & Returns
Privacy Policy
Security
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Deadeye Darts respects and is committed to protecting your privacy and that is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and explains data collection and use practices for www.deadeyedarts.com
In general, you can visit Deadeye Darts website without giving any personal information however – we promise that we will use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
Personal information we collect
We normally collect personal information such as your name, address, phone, fax, email address and any other information necessary to fulfil and track your order. This information is collected to provide a service or fulfil an enquiry or request. In some instances we may also need to collect credit card details to enable us to process a payment from you. Additional information, such as your preferences for various services we provide, may also be collected.
We collect information on website activity, such as the number of visitors, the number of pages viewed, navigation patterns, what systems users have and the date and time of visits. This information is collected for statistical purposes only and cannot be used to identify you.
In certain circumstances, we may also place a cookie on your computer through your web browser. A cookie is a small data file that is sent from our webserver and stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookie is not linked to your personal information and cannot be used to identify you. Its only purpose is to enable our systems to recognise your browser and provide you with a better interaction with our website. You may choose to reject the cookie, which will still allow you to visit the website, but may limit your experience and access on the site.
Use of Personal Information
Your personal information will only be used in the way it was collected for.
Information collected on www.deadeyedarts.com may be used in the following ways;
Respond to your customer service enquiries
Provide promotional communication and other information to you should you choose to receive them.
Schedule deliveries of merchandise that you purchase online
Bill your credit card for your purchases
Confirm and track your orders
Customise your shopping experience and offer you the products that you want
Improve our website design to better serve your needs
Our aim is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To help us with this, please contact us on orders@deadeyedarts.com if any of the information you have provided changes. We will take reasonable efforts to correct the data.
Is information shared with third parties?
We do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies for their own marketing purposes. Your personal information will not be shared, sold or given to any third parties unless as outlined below or as authorized under the exemptions set out in the Privacy Amendment (private sector) Act 2000.
We periodically hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf and only provide them with information they need to deliver the required service. This includes, at our direction, notifying you through direct marketing campaigns of additional Deadeye Darts products and services. These companies may also conduct customer satisfaction surveys and manage other customer services and benefits for us. In all such campaigns, we provide recipients with details on how to opt-out of future campaigns.
We may share your information with others to help us analyse sales data, maintain our records, and provide other services for www.deadeyedarts.com such as collecting site navigation information. In every instance, the third party has no authorization to use your details for their own or another party’s purpose.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas, debt collection or court orders.
Personal Information and Privacy Protection
Deadeye Darts is committed to protecting your information online and offline.
We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the internet.
We also advise all Deadeye Darts employees about the importance of confidentiality and their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company's business ethics, standards and confidentiality procedures through our internal policies and training programmes. All your personal and sensitive information is restricted to only those employees who need it to perform a specific task. For example, an accounts clerk may need access to your bank details to remit a payment or a customer service representative may need to identify you to inform you of a free prize or upgrade. Deadeye Darts is committed to keeping the data you provide us secure, and we will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from unauthorised loss, misuse, modification or disclosure.
All information transmitted through www.deadeyedarts.com is stored on a secure server. We utilize Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. Your web browser should display a web address with an "https" prefix, indicating that the SSL technology is operating when using certain portions of our website.
Access to Personal Information
You can request us to provide access to the personal information that we hold about you. To request access please contact us using the details provided below.
Emails
Emails we receive from you will only be used for the purposes given and are subject to the conditions set out in this privacy policy. Due to the nature of email, sending personal information in an email remains entirely at your own risk and Deadeye Darts will not be responsible for any unauthorized use and disclosure of this information.
Links
www.deadeyedarts.com contains links to third party websites. Please be aware that Deadeye Darts is in no way responsible for the privacy practices on these sites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the privacy practices of www.deadeyedarts.com or you wish to make a privacy complaint, please contact:
Office: 34/218 Wisemans Ferry Road Somersby NSW 2250
Phone: 02 4340 4268 (Australia) 61 420 319 529 (International) Office Hours: 10am – 4pm Monday to Friday E-Mail: orders@deadeyedarts.com
Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was posted on www.deadeyedarts.com on 18th June 2007. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. It is advisable to review this Privacy Statement periodically for changes. Further information on the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles can be found on the Australian Privacy Commissioner's website at www.privacy.gov.au
Email Newsletter
For the latest news and promotions, sign up below.
SIGN UP
Customer Service
Delivery Information
Exchange & Returns
Privacy Policy
Security
Customer Reviews
Company
About Us
Contact Us
News
Deadeye Darts 2019. All Rights Reserved. SITEMAP
OK