https://www.carriagedrivingessentials.com/shipping-terms/
Carriage Driving Essentials
Home
Catalog
Shopping Cart
Shipping & Terms
Contact
Home / Shipping & Terms
Shipping & Terms
As we move into our last phase of closing out our business, we encourage contact by telephone to make sure an item you may wish to purchase is in stock or to inquire about availability. Please do not order harness or carriages from the website. If you do, you will be responsible for the charge card processor’s service fee. 209-966-4499. Thank you!
Shipping Rates
Up to – 25.00 = $7.95
25.01-50.00 = $8.95
50.01-75.00 = $10.95
75.01-100.00 = $12.95
100.01-150.00 = $14.95
150.01-200.00 = $16.95
200.01-250.00 = $18.95
250.01-300.00 = $20.95
300.01-400.00 = $21.95
400.01-500.00 = $22.95
500.01-600.00 = $23.95
Over 600.00 = $24.95
An additional charge will apply to harness over miniature & small pony size as well as other heavy or bulky items.
Shipping
Most customers will see their in-stock items within 5-10 business days. If you order on-line and an item is not in stock, you will be notified by the next business day by e-mail or telephone. Your credit card will not be charged on telephone orders until items are shipped with exception of special order deposits. Shipping prices are for the continental United States only. An additional charge may apply to single harness over small pony size as well as other heavy or bulky items. Shipments outside the contiguous (lower 48) United States and International orders will be charged actual shipping charges plus a $10.00 service fee (phone call is necessary). Please note that these terms are subject to change at anytime.
Carriers
Items most commonly ship by FedEx ground, or may be shipped by USPS, and in some cases by UPS. Whips are normally shipped by USPS priority mail and may incur an additional shipping charge if oversized. FedEx has two delivery options, deliveries to residential areas are shipped by “FedEx HOME delivery” which is picked up Tuesday through Friday and delivered Tuesday through Saturday to residential locations (this includes home based or rural businesses that do not have “regular business hours”). FedEx Ground delivers to commercial areas with regular business hours Monday through Friday only.
Expedited Delivery
If you have a time constraint please call us at 209-966-4499 and e-mail info@carriagedrivingessentials.com for assistance in choosing a carrier for your expedited package. You may also enter your request in the comments box on your order form. Additional charges will be determined by location, weight and how quickly the package needs to arrive. Please use a delivery address where someone will be available to sign for your package, we cannot be responsible for lost or stolen items.
Returns & Exchanges
If you find that you need to return or exchange an item, please call us at 209-966-4499 and e-mail us at info@carriagedrivingessentials.com within 10 days of receipt of your merchandise to discuss your concern.  Custom/customized products will not be returnable. This includes, custom made, special orders, customized, non-stock items, etc…If a return or exchange is approved, we will provide you with a Return Authorization #. This number is needed for proper tracking of your merchandise. If the stock item is being exchanged, it will be shipped upon receipt of your returned item unless other arrangements are made in advance. In the event of a refund, upon receipt and inspection of the merchandise, the refund will be made by the same method in which it was purchased less and financial institution’s processing fees and and promotional shipping costs, upon receipt and inspection of the merchandise. All tags must be intact and merchandise returned clean and in its original condition. Refunds or exchanges MUST be made within 30 days of the shipping date. After 30 days, a restocking fee for stocked merchandise, of up to 20% may apply and only store credit will be issued. When you call for your RA#, we will give you the address of where to return the item as not all items will necessarily come back to our store. Please include a copy of your invoice in the box being returned. Shipping costs will not be refunded. All sales are final on consignment and sale items.
Harness
Most harness or parts may be returned for exchange or credited, within 10 days of receipt and must be clean and in NEW condition with the original tags intact. If a harness or its parts cannot be resold as NEW, a restocking, cleaning and or an administrative fee up to 20% will be charged depending on the circumstances. Please Email info@carriagedrivingessentials.com for your RA# and the address of where to send the package. This will be needed for proper tracking, exchanging or refund. Please include a copy of your invoice inside the box and write the reason for return on it. Mark the RA# on the outside of the box and on the enclosed invoice copy.
Bits
When purchasing bits please be very careful to make the correct selection. Know the size and style you want to help you save time and costly fees. If you are not sure, seek the advice of someone who can help you. Bits may be exchanged or store credit issued as long as they are in clean & new condition. No refunds will be given on bits. Custom made or special order bits are not returnable.
Damaged or Missing Items
Should you find any of our products to be unsuitable or defective, contact us right away so that we can either replace your item or discuss other options. Once the item has been returned to us, we will refund your credit card as soon as possible (usually within 3 days). Your bank credit will usually post within 7 days. Shipping charges are not refundable.
If you receive a package and the box looks damaged, ask the delivery driver to wait while you open the box. If any contents are missing or damaged, you must report it immediately to the delivery person so he can make a note and please report it to us as well. If you are not present when the package is delivered, report any damage to us within 5 business days of receipt. Keep the item and all packaging material intact in case a claim must be made. If the goods returned under this clause are found to be perfect and in full working order, the items will be returned to you and an administration fee of 15% of the purchase price plus the shipping cost back to you will be charged.
You must inform us within 7 days of the delivery date if you have received the wrong product. We will not accept liability for items lost in transit unless we are notified within 7 days of the expected delivery date.
Consulting:
We offer consulting on Turnout, Harnessing, Carriage Selection and Bitting. Our rate depends on what type of consultation you need. Please call for more information.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. If you have questions, please call us at 209-966-4499 or e-mail us at: info@CarriageDrivingEssentials.com
Privacy Policy:
Please view our Privacy Statement here.
Search…×CategoriesBits & Accessories
Books & DVD’s
Carts & Carriages
Clothing (Gloves, Hats & Aprons)
Competition Items
Halters
Harness
Harness Care & Metal Polish
Harness Pads & Protection
Harness Parts – Other
Harness Parts – ZILCO
Lamps and Accessories
SALE ITEMS
Shackles, Snaps & Connectors
Spares Kits
Timers and Training Aids
Wheels
Whips for Carriage Driving
Accessories & Appointments
HelpContact
Shipping & Terms
Privacy Statement
Your CartAuthenticationMy account
Lost password
Copyright © 1998 - 2020 Carriage Driving Essentials
Mariposa, CA | Tel: 1-209-966-4499; Toll Free Orders Only: 1-877-966-4499 (Pacific Time Zone) | Email Us | Privacy Statement