http://www.cirkuit.net/privacy.html
Home | Webmail
solutionshostingdesignshowcasecompanysupport
Cirkuit Networks Privacy & Security Statements
Cirkuit Networks, Inc. (“Cirkuit Networks”) is committed to ensuring
user privacy in our products and services. Our privacy and security
policy was developed to offer the highest-quality services with the
highest level of integrity in dealing with customers and visitors to
our web site. This policy is designed to give you a better
understanding in how we collect, use and safeguard all personal
information provided to us.
Cirkuit Networks encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all Web sites you visit.
What Information Do We Collect?
When
you visit our web site or our partner web sites you may provide us with
personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected
on an individual basis. Web site use information is also collected as
you and others browse our web site and our partner web sites.
Personal Information Collected
Cirkuit
Networks is the sole owner of the information collected on this web
site. We will not sell, share, or in any way disclose this information
to others without your consent. You will provide us personal
information about yourself, your firm or company, and your business
practices when you register for our shopping cart, e-commerce solution
services or purchase products or services from our partners.
If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners,
you may need to give personal information and authorization to
successfully complete your purchase. Cirkuit order forms request this
data from users including: billing and shipping contact information
including but not limited to customer name, addresses, phone numbers
and e-mail addresses; financial information depending on payment
method. Credit card payments require credit card number, card code and
expiration date. E-check payments require bank name, routing number and
account number. These orders may require other billing contact
information including but not limited to billing name, billing phone
number, and company name. This information is used for billing purposes
and may be used to verify and fill customers’ orders. If a difficulty
is encountered when processing an order, your billing or shipping
contact information may be used for obvious purposes.
Security
Cirkuit
Networks has implemented multiple levels of web site security to ensure
a safe online shopping environment. We use secure servers that are
monitored 24/7 and have received SSL secure server certification. To
date, Cirkuit Networks has not received any reports of credit card
fraud.
All personal information, billing
information, and all other transaction information are required to be
collected from at least a 128-bit encrypted secure web page. Upon order
submission all information is serialized and securely stored in a
database for our customers’ protection. Fraudulent order information is
subject to be disclosed to your credit card issuing bank.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for
more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you
liable for any of this $50.00, Cirkuit Networks will cover the entire
liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will cover this liability
only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no
fault of your own from purchases made at Cirkuit.net
while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your
credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance
with its reporting rules and procedures.
Cookies
Cookies
provide a means for a Web server to induce a client to store
information about itself which can subsequently be called up by the Web
server when required. Currently, our only use of cookies is to store a
unique session identifier, which allows us to maintain products added
to your shopping cart and to differentiate you from other shoppers so
your shopping cart is only available to you. Cookies do not allow us to
gather any personal information about you and we do not store any
personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
IP Addresses
Your
IP address is an identifier for your computer or device on a TCP/IP
network, in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is automatically
collected by our web server to analyze trends, administer the site, and
track user movement. Your IP address is stored when you place an order
and may be used in fraudulent charge investigations.
3rd Party Services
We
may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card
processing company to bill users for goods and services that they may
choose to purchase. These companies do not share, store or use
personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Legal Disclaimer
We
reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by
law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our
rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or
legal process served on our web site.
Linked Web Sites
We
provide links to third-party sites. Since we do not control these Web
sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these
(and all) third-party sites.
Children’s Privacy
We
do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the
age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child
under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems.
Cirkuit Networks encourages parents to go online with their children.
Accessing and Updating Information
We
need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in
our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title,
phone number or e-mail address via the program’s member contact page.
Your Consent
You
consent to our collection and use of your personal information
described in this privacy and security policy by using our web site. We
will post any changes made to our privacy policy and procedures on our
web site which will be accessible to you.
Contact Us
If
you have questions regarding this privacy policy, procedures and
practices carried out by Cirkuit Networks, or your dealings with our
web site or shopping cart software, please contact us at: Cirkuit
Networks Incorporated, 11722 Allisonville Road, STE 103-176, Fishers, IN 46038.
Telephone 1-317-697-9185 or Facsimile 1-866-839-2570.
Modification
Modification
of our privacy and security policy by cirkuit.net. Cirkuit Networks
reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time by
posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy & Security Policy.
Solutions
Professional Web Hosting
Dedicated Servers
E-Commerce Shopping Cart
Content Management (CMS)
Design
Web Site Design
Web Design Quote
Company
About Us
Showcase
Hosting Facts
Privacy & Security
Support
Contact Us
FAQ
Webmail
BBB Accredited with an A+ Rating
Cirkuit Networks, Inc.
©2020 Cirkuit
Networks, Inc.All Rights Reserved.
Terms of service..
We respect your privacy.