https://www.sunorganicfarm.com/privacy-policy.html
Product Search
Sign In
Cart
0
...NEW! Phone hours - 8AM-Noon - Pacific Time...
888-269-9888
CLICK HERE to see how to order for PICK UP in San Marcos, CA
About Us
Contact Us
Why Organic?
FAQS
888-269-9888
0
Sign In
Cart
0
Global Account Log In
Secure Checkout
Seeds
Nuts
Dried Fruit & Olives
Pantry/Baking Goods
Beans, Peas & Lentils
Honey/Pollen
Breakfast & Granola
Apricot Kernels
Coffee & Tea
Dates
Nut Butters & Jelly
Grains & Quinoa
Flours
Oils
Rice
Pasta
Spices & Seasonings
Sweeteners
Asian Specialties
Dehydrated Vegetables
Gifts
About Us
Contact Us
Why Organic?
FAQS
…
Home
Ordering / Privacy
Ordering / Privacy
Ordering is Easy!
By Internet - Please visit our online organic food catalog. All internet orders are secure.
By phone - Toll free 1-888-269-9888
Monday - Friday 8:00 - 5:00 Pacific Time.
Have your credit card number ready when you call!
By Fax Anytime - 1-760-510-9996
Please include your fax number so that we can acknowledge your order.
By Mail - Please fill out your order completely & mail. Please include your daytime phone number.
Pay however it is easiest for you!
We welcome Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express or your check or money order.
Our foods do not contain preservatives and will store best in a cool place or refrigerator.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.sunorganic.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1.       What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.       What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.       The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.       How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888-269-9888 or via email sales@sunorganic.com.
Support
Support
Contact Us
Why Organic?
Ordering / Privacy
Shipping & Return Policy
FAQS