http://www.oxforddiecast.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
The following provides detail about our Privacy Policy. Oxford Diecast Ltd ("oxforddiecast.co.uk"), treats your privacy seriously. In general, we use the personal information that we collect from you to identify personal preferences and match your needs with relevant products, and process any orders that you may make through our web site. NOTICE: This policy only applies to web sites hosted at and comprising part of the oxforddiecast.co.uk service and not to the companies, individuals, organisations or other websites to which there are links.
Personal Information
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Any personal information such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address that was given via this website will only be used to provide a requested service and will not be disclosed to any other third party without your prior permission or unless we are required to do so by law.
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
In accordance with GDPR Oxford Diecast takes your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. With your permission, we may send you occasional emails about our store, new products, new offers and other updates. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at customerservices@oxforddiecast.co.uk. We will treat your information with respect.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
General Information
Any non-personal information such as IP address, pages accessed, and files downloaded will only be used to determine how many individuals use our site, how many people visit on a regular basis, which pages are most popular, and which pages are least popular. This information doesn’t tell us anything about who you are or where you live, it is simply used to enable us to monitor and improve our service.
Links
This website may contain links to third party sites we have no control over, if you visit those sites you should check you are happy with their own privacy policies and terms of use before providing any personal information. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of that third party site.
Third party services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which these providers will handle your personal information.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Your Acceptance
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of information by Oxford Diecast in accordance with our privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.
Your Rights
Any personal information submitted via our website is treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, registration number. To find out more about your entitlements under this legislation, visit the Information Commissioner’s website at www.ico.gov.uk or read the Act online at www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga.
If you would like to review or revise information you have previously provided to us online, or you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, you may do so via our contact us page.
Our use of cookies
Our website uses various cookies to enhance your user experience. Cookies are small files that are often placed onto your computer via your web browser automatically when you visit a website.
These cookies allow us to Run our website (Shopify & PHP Sessions) Provide dynamic content (Image Sliders & Cookie Bar) Understand your usage of our website in order to improve it in the future (through the use of Google Analytics).
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not:
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer
cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information please contact us via customerservices@oxforddiecast.co.uk.
The pages of this web site are subject to copyright © LCD Enterprises Ltd 2003
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping Basket.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go To Basket
Go To Wishlist
Close
Top
Quantity:
Subtotal:
Add to Basket
Close