https://www.craftbits.co.uk/info-terms-cookies.htm
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Bits and Bobs for all sorts of crafts - no minimum order
Craft Bits
Basket
Products
Bag Handles
Beading Cords
Beads including Pony
Bells
Eyes
Felt
Foam Shapes, Bases and Kits
Jewellery Findings
Magnets
Pixel Hobby
Stems (Pipe Cleaners)
Stickers & Motifs
Toy Making
Yarn, Cotton & Accessories
Other Items
Special Offers
Site Maps
Full List
Newest Items
Valentine & Mothers Day Suggestions
Easter Suggestions
Halloween Suggestions
Christmas Suggestions
Nudinits Components
Clearance Items
T&C, GDPR, Cookies
Ordering Details
Postage & Delivery
Payment Methods
Customer Services
GDPR & Cookies
Full Terms
Info & Contact
About Us
Contact Details
Contact Form
Information Pages
Non-UK Customers
Opening Hours
Last Xmas Posting
Customer Forum
Feedback Guestbook
Links
Forum, Feedback
Customer Forum
Feedback Guestbook
Forum
Feedback
Home
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Prices of items on the website are subject to change. Full payment, including P&P where
relevant, is required with all orders. All prices include VAT (EU). There is no
minimum order. All order must go through the Secure Internet Shopping Basket, we
are unable to accept Telephone, emailed, Faxed or Posted orders. Card details
can be input online or phoned (not orders) - please do not email or fax them.
Privacy Statement and GDPR
CPU Enterprises are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not
disclose customers details to third parties and we comply with the Data
Protection Act 1998, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the EU's
Privacy and Communications Directive.
The information we collect from you, via the shopping basket, is only
used to process your order and notify you of stock status. The required
information includes Your Full Name, Card Holders Registered Home Address,
Delivery Address (if different), Phone Number, Email Address, Credit or
Debit Card Number, expiry date, start date, issue number (if on card)
and CV number. We do not store your Card Details so you will
need to let us know these details every time you order.
You can check what information we hold at any time by emailing us at
or filling in the Contact Us Form. If you find any problems we will delete or correct them promptly, you
also have the right to be forgotten under the GDPR, which we will do promptly on
contact from you. However we are required by government regulations to keep
invoice details for a period of five to seven years.
Cookies
In order to comply with the EU's Privacy and
Communications Directive that came into force on the 26 May 2011, we are
required to
give you the following information.
We hope the following puts your mind at rest about the cookies we use in
our shopping basket but if you have any further questions please email
or fill in the Contact Us Form
Shopping Basket Cookies
Our cookies are small text files saved on your computer by our shopping basket. Only our shopping basket can read these cookies. The
cookies save the contents of your shopping basket on your computer until you 'check out'. If you leave the site without 'checking out' the
cookie stays on your computer for about 30 minutes and then 'dies'. This means you can come back to our site within 30 minutes
of not 'checking out' and pick up where you left off - assuming you haven't closed your internet connection/browser in the meantime. After this
time you would have to start again. If you stay on the site you can take longer than 30 minutes to shop as long as you check the
basket every 10 minutes or so.
There is an option on the delivery address page for remembering your details. This is also done by a cookie. You can leave the box
blank and no cookie will be placed on your computer. If you do tick the box the cookie only remembers your name and address not your payment details. Again this cookie can only be 'read' by our
site shopping basket not by anyone else. This cookie stays on your computer until you visit our site again and 'check out'. If on the next visit you do not tick the box the cookie will be removed.
In order to comply fully with the EU's Privacy and Communications Directive that
came into force on the 26 May 2011, we have to tell you that clicking the
"remember me" box means you agree to this cookie being held on your computer.
Forum Cookies
The forum only uses cookies to remember
who you are. When you became a member you were asked to agree to those cookies.
The forum is only accessible via the website forum link which has a cookie
agreement clause. The guestbook also uses a session cookie which dies when you
leave the guestbook.
Safe & Secure Online Ordering
Your Credit Card security is very important to us, and CPU Enterprises
have taken all possible actions to ensure your payment information is
processed accurately and securely. We are PCI Compliant. Please Do Not send Credit Card details
by email.
All CPU Enterprises Web Sites use a 128 Encryption Secure Socket Layer
Server provided by mal's e-commerce. This means your card details can
only be accessed by authorised staff at the CPU Enterprises Head Office.
Your card details are not held on any Database after processing and
are not assessable electronically.
General
Prices of items on the website are subject to change. Full payment,
including Delivery Charge, is required with all orders. All prices are in UK Pounds
and include VAT (EU). All orders must go through the Secure Internet Shopping
Basket, we are unable to accept Telephone, emailed, Faxed or Posted orders.
Card details can be input online or phoned - please do not email or fax
them. We reserve the right to cancel any order for any reason.
All content of the website, including
pictures, are subject to copyright - please do not breach this by copying any
part without permission. All images and copy on this website are in the
ownership of CPU Enterprises unless noted otherwise. All
pictures and copy contain copyright markers which may be visible,
hidden and/or digital. If you wish to
use any of images or copy from any CPU Enterprise websites you can buy
a licence from CPU Enterprises at the email address below. Anyone
found using images or copy from any of the CPU Enterprises websites
will be sent an invoice for the licence fee plus legal expenses.
Full Terms and Conditions
Postage and Packing is Free (UK only) on orders over £30.
Orders under £30 have a P+P cost of £3.30 (UK only) - there is no minimum order amount.
All prices include VAT (EU). We will email a shipping quote on Non-UK orders. Secure Shopping Basket.
Terms and Cookies
Home Page
email -
Site Maps
Updated 05/05/20
Designed By CAA Web Design.
Postage and Packing is Free (UK only) on orders over
£30.
Orders under £30 have a P+P cost of £3.30 (UK only) - there is no minimum order amount.
All prices include VAT (EU). We will email a shipping quote on Non-UK orders. Secure Shopping Basket.
Home Page
email -
Updated
20 June 2020
Designed By
CAA Web Design.
TOP