http://www.outsidepride.com/help/privacy.html
Privacy Statement For Outsidepride Seed Source, LLC
Privacy Statement For Outsidepride Seed Source, LLC
We will NEVER sell your email address, phone number, or any other information to a third party. We respect your privacy and the reason you placed your trust in our company by giving us your information. Your information is simply used to process your order, confirm your order, provide tracking information on your order, and update you if there is a problem with your order.
If you subscribe to our newsletter, you will periodically receive an email from our company. The majority of these emails will be about products we sell, sales or discounts we are offering, or pertinent lawn and gardening information. Occasionally (once or twice a year) the newsletter may be of a personal nature. You are free to unsubscribe to the newsletter at any time simply by clicking the unsubscribe link provided in every newsletter emailed. Again, these are the only ways your information is used. Your information is secure and will NEVER be sold or given to any other organization.
All of our credit card transactions are processed through one of the leading worldwide provider of secure transaction processing solutions for business-to-consumer electronic commerce. Our host provides turnkey billing solutions with cutting edge e-commerce technologies. Credit card transactions are completed online and in real-time, using secure (SSL) encryption technology. Statistically, it is proven that it is much safer to submit your credit card through a secure server such as ours than it is to use it at a restaurant or department store. This system offers simple, real-time, secure credit card processing solutions will get your online purchase done quickly and safely.
Braintree, is the preferred global payment-processing service for e-commerce, providing server-based multi-currency payment solutions, enabling merchants to process secure transactions in real time, 24 hours a day, and in multiple currencies. Braintree process credit cards and electronic checks, and work with any business model, including Internet, broadband, wireless, call centers, and retail. More businesses are using Braintree to process their transactions over the Internet than any other payment solutions provider.