http://www.barknbag.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Bark n Bag Customer Privacy Policy
Bark n Bag’s Customer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Bark n Bag anytime you interact with Bark n Bag, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Bark n Bag products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Bark n Bag, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you. In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
What information we collect and how we may use it
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us give you better products. For example:
When you interact with Bark n Bag, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Bark n Bag products you own, such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve Bark n Bag’s products.
Publicly displayed information is public
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on a Bark n Bag website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Bark n Bag is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, Bark n Bag will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When we disclose your information
Bark n Bag takes your privacy very seriously. Bark n Bag does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
How we protect your personal information
Bark n Bag takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
The Bark n Bag Online Store uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from the Bark n Bag Online Store, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or Internet Explorer. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser like Firefox.
Signup for our newsletter and get updates on product info, upcoming events, and more!
Sign up