https://www.mmimports.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
×
My Account
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Login
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Register
Close
Directions
Close
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
OnlineShop
New & UsedInstruments
InstrumentRental
InstrumentRepair
Perfect MatchTry Then Buy
Our Store Policies
We work with musicians of all types, from students to professional performers to casual players. We love helping people find the right instrument and the accessories they need to bring that instrument to life. We are committed to customer service, and operate with flexible store policies and services.
Here, you’ll find information about payment options, instrument appraisals, selling your used instruments, and our customer privacy policy.
Payment Options
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express as well as personal and certified checks. Please allow 1-2 weeks (shipping delay) for processing personal checks. We also offer a financing program for accessories or instrument purchases through First Mutual. Please call us at 800-926-5587 for more information regarding the First Mutual Financing option.
For international orders (excluding Canada), we can no longer accept credit cards as a method of payment. International instrument and bocal orders must be paid in full by wire transfer in advance of shipping the instrument, any wire transfer fees are the responsibility of the customer. All international sales are final (call or e-mail for details).
Instrument Appraisals
For a $25 fee, MMI will supply a letter for insurance purposes, which states the replacement value of an instrument. This service is free for instruments purchased through MMI.
Selling Used Instruments & Accessories on Consignment
Please feel free to call and discuss the possibility of selling your used oboe, bassoon, flute, clarinet, or saxophone through our consignment program. We list all of our consignment instruments on our website. Miscellaneous items, including shapers/tips, cases, bassoon and English horn bocals, can also be sold on consignment. Please call 800-926-5587 for more information and our commission rates.
Customer Privacy
MMI takes privacy and data protection issues seriously. We do not sell or give away any your email address or private information. Our online shopping cart uses the most advanced encrypted security features, so you can be assured of a safe online shopping experience. If you would like to stop receiving email or mailings from us, please contact us by phone, email or mail to be removed from future mailings.
Stolen Instrument Information
Shop Now
Contact Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Sign Up Now!
Newsletter Signup
×
OboeBassoonClarinetSaxophone
COVID-19 Statement
caret-down