https://www.jadefashion.com/conditions-of-use/
Global Shipping
Shipping Worldwide
30 Years In Business
Thousands of Orders!
SSL SECURE
Our Site is SSL Secure
Home
Shop
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
Menu
Home
Shop
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
Account details
Basket
Menu
Account details
Basket
Facebook-f
Search
Close
$0.00
Basket
Home
SHOP ONLINE
About Jade Fashion
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
.
Menu
Home
SHOP ONLINE
About Jade Fashion
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
.
Conditions of Use
By accessing Jade Fashion, you agree to be bound by these conditions on use.
At Jade Fashion it allows you to create a(n): Permanent Shopping Cart – Any products added to your online cart remain there until you remove them, or check them out. Address Book – We can deliver your products to another address other than yours! This is perfect sending birthday gifts directly to the birthday-person themselves. Order History – View your history of purchases that you have made with us. We use the information that we gather about you to fulfill your product and service purchases and to create a more personalized online experience. This is just a brief overview, so please read on for more details about our Privacy Policy. This Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Copyright
All content at this website such as images, graphics and text is property of Jade Fashion Inc.
Color of images
At jadefashion we try our best effort to display accurately the colors of the products we sold on our site.  However, color will be vary depend on monitor display, we cannot guarantee that your computer monitor color will be accurate.
Order Place
You will receive an electronic receipt and confirmation mail once order is place.  This does not mean acceptance to your order nor does it confirm items are in stock.  We reserves the right after the order is received to accept or decline your order for any reasons at any time.  We also reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order obtaining any error or inaccuracy, including after the order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your order is cancelled after your payment has been processed, we will issue a full refund to the original paying type.
Errors on Our Web Site
We make every effort to ensure that the information on jadefashion.com is accurate, complete and current. Despite our efforts, there may be instances when information about a Product contains inaccurate or incomplete data, including data about the Products price or availability. Jade Fashion center makes no warranty or guarantee that the information on jadefashion is error-free, complete, or current. We reserve the right to correct errors and/or update the content on jadefashion.com at any time with out notice.
General Information about ordering
All orders are shipped out from Henderson Nevada .
Jade Fashion try to ship your order quickly as possible. Most orders are ship within 4 business days (excluding weekends and holiday). If items are out of stock or in back order we will notify you.
Order process
Once we receive your order we try to ship it to you right away (Excluding weekend and holiday).  Items that are custom or back order may take longer.  We will notify you through email.    Sometimes custom order can take up to 4-6 weeks to complete.
Custom order
Every customer at jadefashion is very valued customer to us.  Many of the items sold at our website can be custom made to size, print, or style.  Please fill out our special order form to get more information on pricing and time frame.  All custom order is not refundable or exchangeable once sent out to our manufacturer.  Please email us before placing a special order.
How to order?
Instructions
Navigated this site by using the left side icons.   Under the products page, items are separated by category.  Use the “add” button to your shipping cart.   You can make changes on your added items that is in your shopping cart.  In shopping cart page you can either pick “Continue Shopping” or “Checkout”. When you’re ready, go to checkout by clicking the “checkout” icon located in the bottom of the view cart page.  Made sure you have choice your color and size before you push check out button.
Online Ordering
Follow the above instructions and procedure to our checkout form.  In the secure checkout form please select method of payment and submitting it via our secure server by clicking the “submit” button. Made sure when you are in the Order Confirmation Page.  You need to push the “Confirm order” button located in bottom right hand corner to sure your order is complete.  An Order process email should be receive to show you have complete the ordering process.
Ordering by PayPal/Money Order/Mail
Simply add the item(s) into the shopping cart and process to the checkout page.  Fill out the form and select “Paypal” as a form of payment.  Review order and press submit.  A order number will be generated as well as final price with S&H.  If it is via money order/mail, please mail it to: Jade Fashion Inc P.O. Box 50443, Henderson NV 89016.  We will process the order as soon as the payment received. You can also sent a copy of the invoice along with your money order.  Please made money order or cashier check payable to Jade Fashion Inc.  Sorry No personal check is accepted.
Order By Phone
We do not discourage phone orders, yet we highly recommend our customer to place the order on-line or via fax in order to keep our cost low, so that, we would be able to extend the biggest discounts to you our valuable customers. However, if you need to place your order by phone, please call 725-333-4681 between 9:30am – 4:30 Hawaiian Time Mon thru Fri.
FAQ
What is your General Policy?
We respect our customers privacy. We will not sell or distribute your personal information elsewhere, ensuring a good shopping experience.
All items are MADE IN HAWAII . Those that aren’t will be specified. We have matching sets for men’s, women, and children items
For more specific question(s), please email us:
General Information: information@jadefashion.com
Sales: sale@jadefashion.com
Have more questions? Contact us via email at information@jadefashion.com. We’ll reply your question ASAP.
What are your Payment Methods?
We accept major credit cards such as Visa/ MasterCard/ American Express online or over the phone.
If you prefer to make your purchase by Cashier Checks or Money orders. Please make them payable to “Jade Fashion Inc”. Mail your payment to the following address: P.O. Box 50443, Henderson NV 89016
If you prefer to pay thru PayPal.com, please email your fund to our email account along with the order to: “information@jadefashion.com” at www.paypal.com. Or simply pick paypal as your prefer method of payment.  The system will automated transfer you to Paypal homepage.
Shipping / Handling and Tax
All orders are shipped out from Henderson Nevada .
We offer shipping from USPS, UPS, and FedEx. For our international customer FedEx is offered, unless specify a different carrier.
The UPS tracking number, USPS delivery confirmation, or FedEx tracking number will be e-mailed to you in 1-2 days after your order is shipped. To track your order, please go to http://www.ups.com
How do I place an order if I don’t want to do it online?
You can send us an email leaving your contact number.  We will call you during our business hours to take down your order, shipping and billing information.
Sales tax is applicable to Hawaii residents only.
How long is custom made order?
Please allow 5-10 business days to finish any custom made or special arrangement orders. We will email you once your order is ready to ship. Express service is also available for an additional charge.
How soon do you ship your products after I place a non-special order?
That depends if the items are in stock. If the items are in stock we will ship the products within three business days (excluding holiday or weekend)
What is the shipping time?
This will depend on what kind of shipping method you choose. For Priority Mail please allow 3-5 business days.
Do you rush delivery?
Yes, we are glad to rush any orders with an additional charge for Express Shipping.
What is your return policy?
All jadefashion.com items are all sales final. We will gladly exchange any items if size did not fit. However, we are not responsible for any additional shipping costs. Please call or email us before you ship back the items. If you have any questions, please contact us.
Do you have any catalog you can send out?
Sorry we do not print any catalogs. At Jade Fashion Inc we try to provide our valuable customer the most up to date fashion so by the time we print the catalog the items might be out of stock.  Please visit our website for the most up to date prints and styles. We carry many seasonal prints all year long. Once again thank you so much for your visit and support.
Shipping & Exchange
All Orders are shipping out from Henderson Nevada
Jade Fashion Inc try to ship your order quickly as possible. Most orders are ship within 4 business days (excluding weekends and holiday). If items are out of stock or in back order we will notify you.
All regular shipping is use by USPS Priority Mail (This is not a guaranteed service.  We are not responsible for shipping delayed due to carrier.  Once tracking number is assigned to you we have no control when the package will arrive to you for this service.  Below is an estimated delivery time provided by USPS office)
USPS Priority Mail estimated delivery time will be follow:
3-5 days for West Coast
4-8 days for East Coast
2 days within Hawaii
Rate for Regular Mail Shipping
First Items: $6.75
Additional Items: $2.00 Each
All Express Shipping is use by UPS (FedEx is also offer upon request. Price may be different) ALL Express Shipping is the fastest service offer. All Express mail to most east coast is 2nday day air.  Most areas on the west coast can be overnight (prices is vary please email for more information) Saturday delivery is  possible but prices is vary.
First Items: $19.80
Additional Items: $4.00 Each
All Overnight shipping is offer for most of the stated and shipping cost is vary.  Please call to get a shipping quote.  All overnight shipping will be provided by FedEx
All International Shipping- Once order is place we will email you within 2 business days on the shipping cost for your package.  International customers can choice from either regular mail or express.  All regular mail no insurance can be purchased.  All Express mail additional insurance can be purchased
All tracking number, USPS delivery confirmation, FedEx or UPS tracking number will be e-mailed to you in 1-2 days after your order is shipped. To track your order, please go to carrier site to track down your package
Shipping Insurance
For all shipping once a tracking number is assigned to our customer’s shipment, we have no control.Da808style is not responsible for any miss delivery or damage due to carrier error so therefore insurance is strongly suggested
Insurance Coverage
Desired
Fee in Addition to Postage
$0.01 to $50.00
$1.35
50.01 to 100.00
$2.30
100.01 to 200.00
$3.35
200.01 to 300.00
$4.40
300.01 to 400.00
$5.45
400.01 to 500.00
$6.50
500.01 to 600.00
$7.55
600.01 to 700.00
$8.60
700.01 to 800.00
$9.65
800.01 to 900.00
$10.70
900.01 to 1,000.00
$11.75
1,000.01 to 1,100.00
$12.80
Order Early
Due to high demand, we suggest customer order early for special function or event.
Occasionally, high demand on popular prints may result items being in backorder while our factory are working their best to fill the demand.  If you are planning a wedding or special event please place your order a few weeks in advance to ensure you will get these products in time for your events.
If items are in backordered we will contact you as soon as possible.  We will also suggest on other style or prints which we will have in stock.
Return/Exchange
All Jade Fashion Inc items are ALL SALES ARE FINAL. We will be gladly to exchange any NON-CUSTOM MADE ITEMS if size did not fit. However, we are not responsible for any additional shipping costs. All exchange is to be done within 30 days. ALL exchange should be in it original condition along with the copy of the invoice and instructions on what size you will need. Please make sure a copy of the invoice and instructions is attached with your exchange to avoid any delay. If items you want to exchange to is not in stock we will contact you.
All Custom made Items are NON-Exchangeable or NON-Refundable.
Please send all exchange items to
Jade Fashion Inc
P.O. Box 50443,
Henderson NV 89016
Contact Information
Thank you for visiting jadefashion.com. Established in 1989, we are a retail company specializing in Hawaiian apparel and Aloha Wear (Aloha Wedding Dresses, Hawaiian Clothes, Hawaiian gifts, etc). We are passionate and dedicated to providing you with great customer service and the finest Aloha Wear all hand-made in Hawaii . We appreciate your interest in our company and invite you to review all of our products. Again, Mahalo for visiting jadefashion.com.
Contact Information
Jade Fashion Inc
P.O. Box 50443,
Henderson NV 89016
Tel: 725-333-4681 Fax: 808-842-0214
Office Hours between 9:30am – 4:30pm Monday-Friday Hawaiian Time
Electronic mail
General Information: information@jadefashion.com
Dealer Inquiry / Sales: sale@jadefashion.com
Customer Service: customer@jadefashion.com
Our products can be purchased locally in Hobe Sound Florida , Downey California , Montebello California and San Diego   California . If you like buy locally in one of our vendor.   If you would like to get the local address please call us.
Third Party Software
Jadefashion.com does not install, distribute, sell, or offer any first party or third party software. Should your computer ever request that you install or upgrade any software while using our web site, it is highly recommended that you talk to your I.T. person as you may be experiencing a security issue. Our web site does not require any additional software to be installed in order for you to use and or purchase products from our web site.
Need help with your order? Contact our support team 24/7.
Jade Fashion is the only online retailer that offers unique and high-end custom sizes and prints for any of our aloha wear.  Hawaiian Wedding Dresses, Hawaiian Shirts, Hawaiian Prints and Much More!
Shop Hawaiian Clothes
WOMENS:Womens Hawaiian DressHawaiian Beach ClothesTrendy Clothes, Tanks & TopsHawaiian Sarongs & Hula SkirtsGIRLS:Girls Hawaiian ClothesWEDDING CLOTHES:Wedding Clothes & Hawaiian Wedding Dresses
Mens Hawaiian Clothes
MENS:Mens Hawaiian Shirts & ClothesBOYS:Boys Hawaiian Shirts & ClothesWEDDING CLOTHES:Wedding Clothes
Decor, Accessories, More:
Accessories and GiftsMade In Hawaii JewelryHawaiian Aloha BagsHawaiian ApronsHawaiian QuiltsHawaiian Home DecorHawaiian Dog AccessoriesPhone/Swarovski AccessoriesSpecials with Aloha
Customer Support
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Returns, Exchanges, Shipping
F.A.Q.s
Contact Us
Exchanges
© 2020 All rights reserved
Site by Digital808.com
Facebook-f
Shop Hawaiian Clothes
WOMENS:Womens Hawaiian DressHawaiian Beach ClothesTrendy Clothes, Tanks & TopsHawaiian Sarongs & Hula SkirtsGIRLS:Girls Hawaiian ClothesWEDDING CLOTHES:Wedding Clothes & Hawaiian Wedding Dresses
Mens Hawaiian Clothes
MENS:Mens Hawaiian Shirts & ClothesBOYS:Boys Hawaiian Shirts & ClothesWEDDING CLOTHES:Wedding Clothes
Decor, Accessories, More:
Accessories and GiftsMade In Hawaii JewelryHawaiian Aloha BagsHawaiian ApronsHawaiian QuiltsHawaiian Home DecorHawaiian Dog AccessoriesPhone/Swarovski AccessoriesSpecials with Aloha
By visiting our site, you agree to our privacy policy regarding cookies, tracking statistics, etc. Read moreAcceptX