http://www.jollyjumps.com/privacy_policies/
X
805-484-0026
Ashish@JollyJumps.com
805-484-0026
Ashish@JollyJumps.com
Toggle navigation
Home
Rentals
Order By Date
Obstacle Courses
Toddler Jolly Jumps
Bounce Houses Std Size
Bounce Houses Lge Size
Bouncers With Slides
Slides-Dry use only
Interactive Inflatables
Water Slides & Water Jumps
Amusement Rides
Events & Fundraisers
Inflatable Games
Concessions/Chairs/Tables/Tents
Generators & Permits
FAQ
About Us
Privacy Policies
Contact Us
Specials
Safety Video and How To
Privacy Policy
We guarantee that your Credit Card transactions are safe and secure. You do not have to be concerned. We also guarantee the safety of any information you provide us.
Your Safety and Security are Important To Us
What will you do with my personal information?
We are very concerned about how other web sites use our personal information (name, e-mail address, preferences, etc.). The, owner of Jolly Jumps is committed to your privacy. As a result, we will always make sure that any information you elect to provide us is kept confidential. We pledge that we will never provide that information to anyone else.
We only use your e-mail address and, any other information you elect to provide us, to better serve you and to keep you informed about changes in our site, party and rental ideas and suggestions, or new products and special pricing only available to our customers and newsletter members .
You can rest assured that your information is safe with us.
We look forward to serving you.
Official Privacy Policy Statement:
This is the web site of JollyJumps.com
Our postal address is
P O Box 2944
Camarillo, CA 93011
We can be reached via e-mail at Ashish@JollyJumps.com
or
by telephone at 805-484-0026
For each visitor to JollyJumps.com, our Web server does not collect information regarding your domain or e-mail address. We do not collect information on consumers who browse JollyJumps.com.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that our customers add to their shopping cart.
If you supply us with your postal address or telephone numbers on-line during your order, you will only receive postal or telephone contact from us with information regarding orders you have placed on-line.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357) or electronically at https://rn.ftc.gov/pls/dod/wsolcq$.startup?Z_ORG_CODE=PU01.
Is it really safe for me to use my credit card?
Yes it is. Shopping at JollyJumps.com is safe. We guarantee you 100% safety when you use your credit card with us. You must be on our secure server software on a completely separate compartment of our system and your computer must accept cookies or you will be unable to order. That way we are able to guarantee your credit card purchase. You will never have to pay for any unauthorized charges made to your card as a result of shopping with us at JollyJumps.com
What makes it so safe?
Technology is secure and stable: The software we use in the order compartment of our system (SSL) is the standard for this industry. All of the major browsers support it and promote how well it works at their web sites and in their software. The software takes the data that you provide and encrypts it in a special coding system that can only be interpreted by our system in our office. This system is actually safer than giving it out over the telephone or sending a fax.
Still rather not use your card on the internet?
That's fine. You are welcome to print your order and fax it to us with your payment information.
Fax Number : (805) 244 9263
Or mail it to us at:
Jolly Jumps
P O Box 2944
Camarillo, CA 93011
Credit Card Guarantee
Based on the Fair Credit Billing Act passed by the U.S. Congress, your bank is not allowed to hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank should decide to exercise their right to hold you liable for that $50.00, Jolly Jumps will reimburse you for that amount, up to the full $50.00. JollyJumps.com will only cover your liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card was caused by no fault of your own from purchases made with JollyJumps.com while using our SSL secure server.
In the event that you suffer a loss due to unauthorized use of the credit card, according to law, you must notify your credit card company immediately based on the reporting rules and procedures which they have provided you.
Click here to start Shopping
Jolly Jumps provides live support during Business Hours to answer all your questions about party rentals, bounce houses, spacewalks, moonwalks and slides. To speak to someone about inflatable party rentals, please call 805-484-0026. We have event experts ready to answer your immediate questions about using our party rental equipment.
You may also email us by clicking here to go to our "contact us" page.
Thank you for visiting Jolly Jumps - your source party supplies, rentals, and bounce houses and water slides.
Copyright 2010, Jolly Jumps(tm) 805-484-0026 Powered by EventRentalSystems