http://www.bigdotofhappiness.com/privacy-policy
Baby Shower
Boy Baby Shower »
Girl Baby Shower »
Neutral Baby Shower »
Twins Baby Shower »
All Baby Shower Themes »
Kids Birthday
Boy Birthday Party »
Girl Birthday Party »
1st Birthday Party »
Teen Birthday Party »
Milestone Birthday Party »
View All Themes »
1st & 2ndMilestone BirthdayBridal & Bachelorette
Bridal Shower »
Bachelorette »
Engagement »
Girls Night Out »
View All Themes»
GraduationSportsOther EventsHolidaysWall ArtYard Signs
Toggle Nav
About Us
Why Big Dot
Our Story
Our Team
In The Press
Video Gallery
Customer Testimonials
We're Hiring!
Order Information
Contact Us
Order Status
FAQ
Shipping
Site Info
Privacy Policy
Site map
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Big Dot of Happiness, LLC
Our commitment to privacy
We at Big Dot of Happiness are fanatics about everything, including your privacy. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
If any changes occur to our policy in the future we will post a notification on the appropriate media to contact users.
The information we collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on BigDotOfHappiness.com. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit card information, etc.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, Address, Phone number, etc.
The way we use information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to fulfill, bill and ship your order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses provided to communicate your order status. Once your order has been placed you will receive a confirmation email to let you know your order is being processed. You will also receive a confirmation email once your order has been shipped. An email will be sent if a problem arises with your order. We use return email addresses to answer emails that we receive.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to fulfill and ship the product. We offer gift cards and text options by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift card or text for personalization is only used for that purpose, and is only shared with the person receiving the gift or product. You can make requests and register to receive materials or information. Information you submit on our Web site will only be used for this purpose and not shared with outside parties.
Cookies and Authorized Third Parties
This site uses small files called cookies or pixel tags to help us customize your experience and collect visitor information. This information includes details about your internet connection, traffic data, IP address, and the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details. It may be collected by Big Dot of Happiness or through third party advertisers. This information is collected automatically through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. Information that is collected through the use of third party cookies, web beacons, and other third party tracking technologies are subject to such third parties' privacy policies and opt-out mechanisms and are not governed by this Policy.
We may use the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about your visits and interactions with our Website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services. The NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) allows for the central opting out of all of its members’ cookies from a single opt-out page. If you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages, please click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. If you delete your cookies, use a different browser or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Big Dot of Happiness sells products on Marketplaces including (Amazon, Etsy, Walmart and Target). We will not use any personal information of guests received in connection to any of the Marketplaces we sell on. Any guests that use these Marketplaces are subject to these Marketplaces’ privacy policies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored by browsers (for example, Safari or Firefox) on your computer or mobile phone. They allow websites to store things like user preferences and store contents of your shopping cart. You can think of cookies as providing a ‘memory’ for the website, so that it can recognize you when you come back and respond appropriately. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our websites.
Our commitment to data security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Children’s privacy
This website is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect information on children under that age.
How to contact us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us:
We love listening to you: call us toll-free at 1.800.274.4282.
We love hearing from you: email us at Smiles@BigDotOfHappiness.com.
We love getting mail from you:
Big Dot of Happiness, LLC
412 Technology Drive E.
Menomonie, WI 54751