http://www.larrysoffroad.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Products
Baja
Books
Carbs & Related
Air Cleaners & Related
Aluminum Air Filters
Chrome Oval Air Cleaners
Air Cleaner Adapters
Chrome Rectangular Air Cleaners
Chrome Round Air Cleaners
EMPI Pre-Filters
Mini Air Cleaner
Pod Type Cleaner
Two Stage Air Cleaners
Velocity Stacks
Stock Carburetors
Performance Carbs
EMPI EPC 32-36F and Weber DFEV
EMPI EPC 34 and Weber ICT Carburetors
EMPI EPC 48-51 and Weber IDA Carburetors
EMPI HPMX and Weber IDF Carburetors
Single Performance Carb Kits
EMPI 38EGAS Single Carb Kit
Single HPMX Carb Kit
Single Weber IDF Carb Kit
EMPI EPC 32/36F and Weber Progressive Carb Kits
Dual Performance Carb Kits
Dual Brosol Solex Carb Kits
Dual EMPI EPC 34 and Weber 34 ICT Carb Kits
Dual EMPI EPC 48-51 and Weber IDA Carb Kits
Replacement Parts for EMPI EPC 48-51 and Weber 48 IDA
Dual EMPI HPMX and Weber IDF Carb Kits
Intake Manifolds
Dual Carb Manifolds
Intake Boots
Intake Gaskets
Single Carb End Castings
Single Carb Manifolds
Linkage Components
Carb Linkage Kits
Carb Repair Kits, Gaskets & Floats
Carburetor Gaskets
Empi Carb Repair Kits
Carburetor Jets
Air Jets 40/44 HPMX, 40/44/48 IDF, EPC 48/51, 48 IDA, DCOE
Air Jets EPC 32/36, 32/36 DGV, EPC 32/36F, 32/36 DFV, EPC 38E, 38 DGS, EPC 34, 34 ICT
BROSOL CARB JETS
Idle Jets
Idle Jets 40/44 HPMX, 40/44/48 IDF, DCNF
Idle Jets DCOE F8
Idle Jets DCOE F9
Idle Jets EPC 34, 34 ICT, EPC 32/36 (PRIMARY), 32/36 DGV (PRIMARY), EPC 38E (PRIMARY), 38DGS (PRIMARY)
Idle Jets EPC 34, 34 ICT, EPC 32/36, 32/36 DGV, EPC 38E, 38 DGS
Idle Jets EPC 48/51, 48 IDA
Main Jets 40/44 HPMX, 40/44/48 IDF, EPC 48/51, 48 IDA, DCO / DCOE
Main Jets EPC 32/36, 32/36 DGV, EPC 32/36F, 32/36 DFV, EPC 38E, 38 DGS, EPC 34, 34 ICT
Replacement Parts for EMPI EPC 48-51 and Weber 48 IDA
Carburetor Tools
Clutch & Trans Related
Clutch Discs and Pressure Plates
Clutch Discs
Heavy Duty Clutch Discs
Super Duty 200mm Clutch Disc
6 Puck Clutch Discs
Kush-Lok Clutch Disc
4-Puck Race Disc
Clutch Kits
Pressure Plates
Heavy Duty Pressure Plate
Replacement Pressure Plates
EMPI Performance Clutches
K.E.P. Performance Clutches
Throw Out Bearings and Related
Clutch Shafts and Hardware
Cross Shafts
Racing Cross Shafts
Clutch Tools and Bolts
Clutch Cables
Transmission Nose Cone, Gaskets, & Hardware
Transaxle Mounts & Straps
Performance Transmission Mounts
Stock Transmission Mounts
Super Diffs & Side Covers
Engine Components
Case and related
Stock VW Case
EMPI HD Bubble Case
Case Stud Kits
Self-Tap Case Studs
Engine Hardware
Dipstick related to case
Fuel Pump related to case
Sump Plates
Windage Tray
Cranks
Stock Cranks
Empi 4140 Chromoly Cranks
Empi 4340 Chromoly Stroker Cranks
Related Crank Parts
Crank Pulleys
Rods
Stock Rods
EMPI Forged 4140 Chromoly I-Beam Rods
EMPI Forged 4340 Chromoly H-Beam Rods
Flywheel
Stock & Lightweight Flywheels
Stock & Performance Gland Nuts
Flywheel Seals
Engine Bearings
Cam Bearings
Rod Bearings
Rod Bearings VW Type 1 Case
Rod Bearings Chevy
Rod Bearings VW Late Type 2 - 4 2000cc
Engine Main Bearings
Engine Main Bearings 1.7 - 2.0 L, Type 4
Engine Main Bearings 1200-1600CC
Engine Main Bearings Vanagon 1.9L
Line Bore Bearings
Gasket Kits & Flywheel Seals
Engine Gasket Kits Late Bus Type 2
Engine Gasket Kits Type 1 & Early Type 2
Flywheel Seals
Pulleys
Standard Size Pulleys
5 1/2 LB. Crankshaft Pulley
Aluminum Degree Crankshaft Pulleys
Hi-Performance Aluminum Degree Pulleys
Hi-Performance Steel Billet Degree Pulleys
Standard Size Pulley Kits
Chrome Stock Size Pulley
Power Pulleys
Power Pulley Kit
Power Pulleys
Sand Seal Pulley Kits (Standard Diameter)
Sand Seal Power Pulley Kits
Serpentine Belt Pulley System
Pulley Bolts
Pulley Belts
Adjustable Timing Pointer
12V Alt-Gen Pulleys
12V Alt-Gen Pulleys
Chrome Alt/Gen Nut & Spacer
Billet Alt-Gen Pulley
Billet Aluminum 12-Volt Alt/Gen Pulley
Finned Alt-Gen Pulley Covers
Carb Spacers-Alternator Conversion
Engine Chrome
Engine Chrome
Engine Dress-Up Kits
Pulley Belt Guards
Piston & Cylinder Kits and Related
Piston and Cylinder Sets
Mahle Piston and Cylinder Sets
94mm Extra Long Cylinders
Grant Piston Ring Sets
Total Seal Gapless Piston Ring Sets & 2nd Ring Sets
Poly Piston Pin Retainer Buttons
Piston Pin Retainers
Cylinder Shim Sets
Cylinder Head Spacers
Copper Head Gaskets
Heads
Stock Cylinder Heads
Stock Dual Port Cylinder Heads - Bare
Stock Dual Port Cylinder Heads - Complete
Performance Heads
EMPI CNC Match-Ported Gaskets
EMPI CNC Match-Ported Manifolds
EMPI GTV-2 CNC Wedge-Ported Cylinder Heads
EMPI GTV-2 Racing Cylinder Heads
EMPI High Performance Cylinder Heads
Valve Related
Valve Covers
Valves & Related
Valve Tools
Related Cylinder Head Parts
Rockers & Related
Hi-Performance Stock 1.1:1 Rocker Kit
EMPI HI-Performance Rocker Shaft Kits
Empi High Ratio Forged Rockers
1.25 Ratio Forged Rocker Arms
Valve Adjusters, Rocker Shims, Rocker Studs
Pushrods & Related
Hi-Performance Push Rods
Chromoly Push Rods
Aluminum Push Rods
4130 3/8" Chromoly Push Rods
Push Rod Measuring Tool
Push Rod Tube Seals
Stock Push Rod Tubes
Nylon Self-Adjusting Push Rod Tubes
Stainless Steel Windage Push Rod Tubes
Stainless Steel Push Rod Tubes
EMPI Hi Performance Aluminum Push Rod Tubes
Adjustable Aluminum Push Rod Tubes
Aluminum Quick Change Push Rod Tubes
Cams
Bolt-On Cam Gear
Cam Lifters
EMPI Hi-Performance Camshaft Kits
EMPI 23 Series Cam Kits with 21-4300 Lifters
EMPI 24 Series Cam Kits with 21-4304 Lifters with Oil Hole
EMPI Hi-Performance Camshafts
EMPI Cams with Grinds for 1.1 or 1.25 Ratio Rockers
EMPI Cams with High Lift Grinds for 1.1 Ratio Rockers
EMPI Cams with High Lift Grinds for 1.4 to 1.5 Rockers (Lift Based on 1.4)
EMPI Turbo Grind Cams for 1.1 Only Ratio Rockers
Stock Camshafts
Straight Cut Gears
Air Cooling
Fan Shrouds
Backing Plate Covers
Fan Shroud Plugs
Shroud Screws and Spacer
36HP Style Fan Shrouds
Ram-Air Steel Fan Shrouds
Air Intake Screen
Cooling Fans
Engine Cooling
Cylinder Shrouds
Engine Tin
Alt/Gen Stands, Straps, & Backing Plates
Alternator and Generator Stands
Alternator and Generator Straps
Backing Plates
Engine Machine Work
Exhaust
Performance Street Exhaust Systems
Tuck Away Exhaust
GT Exhaust Systems
Stainless Steel Exhaust Systems
Merged Competition Exhaust Sytems
72 & Later Bus Exhaust Systems
Baja Exhaust Systems
Baja Exhaust System- With Long Chrome or Black Stinger
Baja Exhaust Systems- Single Glass Pack and Single Quiet
Baja Replacement Mufflers
Off-Road Competition Exhaust Systems
Turbo Muffler Competition Exhaust
Dual Exhaust Systems
Dual Glass Packs (Chrome Tips)
Wide Duals
Stock Mufflers
Exhaust Tail Pipes
Zoom Tube
Exhaust Gaskets & Hardware
Exhaust Nuts & Studs
Tail Pipe Clamps
Heater Box Replacement Pipes (J-Pipes)
Heater Boxes
Oil System
Oil Pumps & Covers
EMPI Heavy Duty Oil Pumps
Melling Heavy Duty Oil Pumps
Stock Style Heavy Duty Oil Pumps
Full Flow Pumps
Heavy Duty Aluminum Full Flow Pump Kit
Heavy Duty Iron Full Flow Pump Kit
Full Flow Filter Pumps
Filter Flow Oil Pump
Full Flow Filter Pumps
Oil Pump Covers
Billet Aluminum Oil Pump Cover
EMPI Billet Aluminum Oil Pump Cover
Oil Pump Covers
Oil Coolers
Stock Replacement Oil Coolers
Oil Cooler Seals
EMPI Competition Engine Oil Coolers
Competition Oil Cooler Kits
Universal Competition Oil Cooler Kits
8-Pass Oil Coolers & Kits
6-Pass Oil Coolers & Kits
Universal 8-Pass Oil Cooler Kits
EMPI Competition Oil Cooler & Fan Kits
High Performance Fan & Cooler Kit
Bolt-On Oil Cooler Fan Kit
Fan Thermostat
Oil Cooler Block Offs
Bypass Adapters
Oil Hose & Fittings
High Temp-High Pressure Oil Hose
Braided Stainless Line
Oil System Fittings & Clamps
Oil Filter Related
Oil Filter and Sandwich Adapters
Billet Oil Filter Adapter
Oil Filter Adapters
Remote Oil Filter Mounts
Billet Full Flow Hose Brackets
Oil Thermostat
Oil Filters
Oil Sumps
Oil Sump with Filter
High Capacity Oil Sumps
Mini Sumps
Oil Strainer & Related
Oil Fill Related
Oil Caps
Oil Fillers
Oil Breather
Billet Aluminum Breathers
Oil Pressure
Catalog and More
Catalog
Events
Galleries
Contact Us
Contact Us
Form
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.. Copyright 2003, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. or purchasing Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. or to purchase Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityLarry's Off Road Center, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeLarry's Off Road Center, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Larry's Off Road Center, Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerLarry's Off Road Center, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Larry's Off Road Center, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Larry's Off Road Center, Inc., Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Larry's Off Road Center, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Larry's Off Road Center, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).