http://www.captharry.com/pages/privacy-security
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
And be the first to receive news on coupons and special offers
Important Message: COVID-19
Hours of Operation/Store | FREE SHIPPING on any Domestic order $50+ Exclusions Apply
1-800-327-4088
sales@captharry.com
My Account
Welcome to Capt. Harry's Fishing Supply!
Login
Create Account
0
Reels
Baitcasting
Conventional
Electric Fishing
Slow Pitch
Spinning
Teaser
Reel Accessories
Rods
Casting
Conventional
Deep Drop
Jigging
Kite
Slow Pitch
Spinning
Teaser
Travel
Rod & Reel Combo's
Casting
Conventional
Spinning
Electric
Jigging
Kids
Lures
Trolling
Lure Kits
Dredge
Teasers
Hard Baits/Plugs
Slow Pitch Jigs
Vertical Jigs
Soft Plastic Baits
Jigs
Spoons
Lure Bags
Lure Building Components
Terminal Tackle
Hooks
Swivels & Snaps
Lead
Rigging Accessories
Rigging Wire
Sleeves/Crimps
Sharpeners
Fluorocarbon Bait Rigs
Monofilament Bait Rigs
Pre-Made Fishing Rigs
Fishing Line
Braided Line
Monofilament Line
Wire
Cable Leader
Fluorocarbon Leader
Leader Wire
Monofilament Leader
Pre-Made Wind On Leaders
Monofilament Bait Rigs
Braided Line Accessories
Fishing Accessories
Bait & Chum
Downriggers & Accessories
Dredge Fishing
Fighting Belts & Harnesses
Gaffs Harpoons & Bats
Fishing Gloves
Floats
Kite Fishing & Accessories
Knives
Lights
Fish Bags
Nets
Scalers
Tackle Boxes, Bags & Organizers
Tag & Release
Tools
Marine, & Boating & Outdoor
Outriggers & Acc
Rod Holders
Outdoor Cooking
Coolers
Boat Flags
Sea Anchors & Accessories
Cup Holders & Fillet Tables
Dock & Safety Lines
Marine First Aid Kits
Boat Care Products
Buckets
Live Wells
Bags
Freshwater
Lures
Hooks
Clothing & Gifts
Men's
Women's
Kids
Rain Gear
Headwear/Face Guards
Footwear
Sunglasses
Gifts
Accessories
Brands
Events
Holiday!! Stocking Stuffers
Stone Crab Season 2020
Mahi Mahi Season 2020
Mini Lobster Season 2020
Saltwater Saturdays
News
Information
Store Location
Shipping & Delivery
FAQs
Returns
Prop 65 Warning
Accessibility-Statement
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Capt. Harry's Fishing Supply!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Privacy and Security
Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply. Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase "personal information" means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct the information. This policy applies only to customers in the United States. As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply supports and adheres to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's "Privacy Promise to American Consumers." We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply.Collecting Information About You There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications from us. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. Using Information About You We use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply Partners. In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personal information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply Partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours. Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply or to others. We may also disclose your personal information when we believe the law requires it. Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply or from the Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply Partners please let us know by calling us at 1-800-327-4088, by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way. Please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request. Protecting Children Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our web sites are general audience sites. We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us. We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13 without their parent's consent. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the web. Cookies Our web sites use "cookies." A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers. However, we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services. If you would like to opt out of these services, please contact us. Security We take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of your personal information that you share with us. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk. We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe. Links to Third Party Sites Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site. Policy Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted in January 2005. Your Feedback To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may contact us at the information below. SECURITY ASSURANCECapt. Harry’s Fishing Supply guarantee's that your credit card information is safe with us! In an effort to further protect the consumer against fraudulent charges, Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply offers our customers total security assurance.Here's how we protect you:1) First, our site uses the latest in encryption technology, digital certificates, secure commerce servers and authentication to ensure that your personal information is secure online. Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply uses digital certificates from Verisign, Inc., a trusted third-party Certification Authority (CA). Also known as Digital IDs, these digital certificates are similar to your driver's license, passport or membership card in that they prove your identity. Digital IDs are useful in electronic commerce because they verify the identity of the parties involved. Making a credit card purchase at Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply is actually more secure than using your credit card at the local store or restaurant. 2) Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply uses 128 bit encryption for maximum security for communications over the Internet. Furthermore, Capt. Harry’s Fishing Supply ensures the privacy of the information not only online, but through our back-end systems. CHOICE / OPT-OUTCapt. Harry’s Fishing Supply provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.We give users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.To opt-out of mailings send us an email: info@captharry.comCORRECT / UPDATETo correct or update any information send us an email: info@captharry.com
Shop
Search
Reels
Lures
Rods & Combos
Reel Repair
Customer Service
Disclosures
Events
FAQ's
Ordering Online
Order Status
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Prop65 Warning Page
Company
About Capt. Harry's Fishing Supply
Contact Us
Careers
Terms of Use
Testimonials
Privacy & Security
Accessibility-Statement
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Capt. Harry's Fishing Supply | Shopify Theme by Mile High Themes | Powered by Shopify
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
JCB
Mastercard
Shop Pay
Visa