https://www.mannlakeltd.com/privacy-policy
Hive Components
Main Menu
Live Bees
Foundation
Foundation
Rite-Cell® Foundation
Wax Foundation
Perma-Dent Foundation
Assembled Hive Bodies
Hive Accessories
Hive Accessories
Top Covers
Inner Covers
Hive Bottoms
Hive Components
Unassembled Boxes
Unassembled Boxes
10 Frame
8 Frame
Frames
Frames
Assembled Frames
Unassembled Frames
Plastic Frames
Frame Wire, Support Pins, Assembly Aids
Comb Honey Production
Comb Honey Production
Square Comb
Ross Round
Containers
View All Hive Components
Beekeeping Kits
Main Menu
Complete Beekeeping Kits
Complete Beekeeping Kits
Pro Pollinator Kit
Deluxe Starter Kit
Basic Starter Kit
Hive Kits
Hive Kits
Complete Hive Kits
Growing Apiary Kit
Assembled Brood & Super Kits
Unassembled Kits
Garden Hivery Kits
Top Bar Hive
View All Beekeeping Kits
Hive & Colony Maintenance
Main Menu
Hive Protection
Hive Protection
Paint / Preservatives
Pest / Predators / Swarm Trap
Queen Rearing
Queen Rearing
JZ BZ
Queen Rearing Kit
Riteway Shippers
Nuc Boxes
Feeds
Feeds
Pollen Substitutes
Liquid
Stimulants
Sugar
Feeders
Feeders
Pro Feeders
Top Feeders
Misc. Feeders
Tools / Hardware
Tools / Hardware
Hand Tools
Smokers & Accessories
Air & Power Tools
Shipping / Transporting
HiveTracks
Medications, Treatments & Herbicides
Medications, Treatments & Herbicides
Varroa Mites
Tracheal Mites
Hive Beetle
Nosema
Wax Moths
FoulBrood
Herbicides
View All Hive & Colony Maintenance
Extraction & Bottling
Main Menu
Honey Extraction
Honey Extraction
Honey Removal Aids
Filters / Pails / Gates
Extracting Equipment
Uncapping
Hose & Fittings
Wax Processing
Honey Bottling
Honey Bottling
Honey Containers
Lids
Labels
Bottling Equipment & Supplies
Tools & Testing
Heaters
Material Handling
View All Extraction & Bottling
Protective Gear
Main Menu
Suits & Jackets
Gaiters / Aprons / More
Hats / Veils
Sting Relief
Gloves
View All Protective Gear
Poultry
Main Menu
Feeds
Books
Chick Care
Supplements
Incubators
Waterers
Supplies
Coops
Feeders
View All Poultry
Sale
Main Menu
Bee Buck$ Blast
All Sales
View All Sale
More
Main Menu
Candle, Wine & Soap Making
Candle Making
Candle Making
Candle Flex Molds
Other Candle Molds
Candle Making Supplies
Wine & Mead Making
Wine & Mead Making
Kits
Equipment & Tools
Supplies
Soap & Lip Balm Making
Books & Gifts
Books & Gifts
Candy & Food
Educational Tools
Clothing
Gift Certificates
Personal & Skin Care
Signs
Books
Jewelry / Mugs / Misc.
Log In
Contact Us
Job Opportunities
Education
Shop Our Catalog
Request A Catalog
Bee Bucks
Quick Order
Save Up To 30% on Select Products During Our Bee Buck$ Blast
Click Here
Free Shipping on Most Orders Over $100*
See Details
Pre-Order Package Bees Today - While Supplies Last!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Support Links
Support Links
About Us
Contact Us
Locations
Request A Catalog
Bee Buck$ Rewards Program
Shipping Info
Returns & Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Careers
FAQs - COVID-19
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.mannlakeltd.com/ (the Site).
Personal Information We Collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information". We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
"Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files" track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information". When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise trigger across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the Site you visit. Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you. If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.
Sharing Your Personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Miva to power our online store; you can read more about how Miva uses your Personal Information here: https://www.miva.com/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site; you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioural Advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (NAI) educational page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads Google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous Bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: https://optout.aboutads.info/.
Do Not Track Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your Rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Data Retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Data Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@mannlakeltd.com or by mail using the details provided below: 501 1st St S, Hackensack, MN, 56452, United States