http://www.golfio.com/privacy-policy-terms/
Home
Privacy Policy & Terms
Privacy Policy & Terms
Privacy Statement
We care about you. We care about your family. We care about your friends. But we care about you the most. That’s why we will not share your private information with anyone. Not even to your family and friends. By browsing through our site, you agree to accept our privacy policy as outlined and described below: When placing an order, the only things we will need to know are your first and last name, phone number, billing and shipping addresses, credit card information and e-mail address. We keep your private information in our database on a secure server. You can tell us more, but we most likely won’t remember it. We will never request sensitive information like your Social Security number, your Personal Identification Number (PIN) from a credit/debit card or your Driver License number. If we do, please hang up on us. The information that you voluntarily provide to us is stored in our secure customer database server. This allows you to log into your account and expedite the checkout process. Your e-mail address is your communication tool. We use it to send you order confirmations, tracking information, updates about your order and newsletters. We will never give your e-mail address to anyone that is not related to your order being fulfilled.
Security Guarantee
We use the most sophisticated security software available. Each and every transaction is processed with the latest version of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Technology to encrypt your information and to ensure that you have the utmost level of security available on the web. We also pay extra to make sure our URL address includes “https” so that you know a secured connection has been established.
International/Special Location Orders
For APO, Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico and International customers, please send us an e-mail to support@golfio.com with the item(s) you want, the necessary specifications (i.e. color, size, flex, etc.) and your shipping address. We will then send you a PayPal invoice, which will include the cost of shipping. We only accept PayPal for payment for all international/special location orders. Please note that we do not include the import/duty tax that your country may charge you because honestly, we have no idea how much it will come out to.
Payment & Billing
Custom Orders - Payment will be processed within 1-2 business days. All Other Orders - Payment will not be processed until your order ships. Please note that if your order contains multiple items that will ship out at different times, payment for your entire order will be processed when the first item ships out.
CREDIT CARDS: We accept VISA, MASTERCARD, AMERICAN EXPRESS and DISCOVER. For your protection, we may verify your details with a third-party fraud check company. If there are any security concerns or signs of a possible fraudulent order, we reserve the right to cancel your order.
PAYPAL: If you have a PayPal account and wish to use it, please choose “PayPal Checkout” at checkout.
AMAZON PAY: If you have an Amazon Pay account and wish to use it, please choose "Amazon Pay" at checkout.
APPLE PAY: If you have an Apple Pay account and wish to use it, please choose "Apple Pay" at checkout. Please note that the Apple Pay option is only available for iPhone/Safari users.
KLARNA: Enjoy the flexibility to pay over time. For qualifying items, we offer a financing option with Klarna. Please choose "Klarna Pay Over Time" at checkout and find out which plan your order qualifies for. Enter your information and know instantly if you're approved.
Sales Tax
We only charge sales tax (9.5%) for orders being shipped to California. Sorry, that’s the law. For everyone outside of California…you’re welcome!
Price Match Guarantee
We guarantee that we will try our best to match any lower price under the following conditions:
The item must be the exact same model (color, size, loft, etc.) and condition.
The identical item must be in-stock with the other vendor.
We do not offer price matching with any items found on Auction sites.
Item price must be current. Past prices do not apply.
The lower priced seller must be an authorized dealer of the manufacturer.
Price match items cannot be combined with any other special offers, e-coupons, discounts or promotions.
Special purchase merchandise and custom items do not apply.
We will not be able to match any price that is below our cost.
The price matching policy only applies to in-stock items on our website: www.Golfio.com
Legal
Golfio.com maintains and operates this website primarily to provide online sales services. Users are free to browse the entire site for non-commercial, personal use only. Users may not legally distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post or use the contents of this site, including the text, audio, video and/or graphics, for public or commercial purposes unless written permission is obtained. Users of this site are obligated to accept the terms and conditions listed below and any other law or regulation that applies to this site, the Internet or the World Wide Web.
Copyright
This site contains copyrighted materials, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, photos and graphics, the worldwide rights to which are owned by its respective companies and related entities, parents and its licensors and licensees. You may not use, copy, publish, upload, post (to a bulletin board or otherwise), transmit, distribute, or modify any contents of this site in any way for non-personal use, provided you do not alter or remove any copyright, trademark, author attribution or other proprietary notices and legends.
Pictures
Images of people or places displayed on the site belong to Golfio or someone else who has given us permission to use them. Neither you nor any persons authorized by you are permitted to use these images unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes. Violations may result in lawsuits and/or prosecution.
Accuracy of Information
Despite our efforts to ensure that the information on our website is accurate, complete and current, there may be instances when information about a product contains inaccurate or incomplete data, including data about the product’s price or availability. Golfio makes no guarantee that the information on our website is error-free, complete or current.
Revisions
Golfio reserves the right to correct errors and update the content on our website at any time without notice. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the most up-to-date Terms and Conditions. Golfio also reserves the right to refuse or cancel any order containing any error or inaccuracy after the order has been submitted, whether or not the order has been confirmed or your credit card charged.
Minimum Advertised Price Policy
We hope you enjoy our sales. We wish we could include each and every item that we carry to our sales. Unfortunately, some manufacturers require us to sell their items at the mandatory "Minimum Advertised Price". These are usually items that are part of the current line (recently released), limited edition or specialty items. Unfortunately, these items cannot be discounted and are excluded from any sitewide or special sales that we may be offering. Whenever you see the words "Manufacturer Exclusions May Apply", that refers to the aforementioned items that cannot be included in any of our sales. We apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause. Thank you for your anticipated understanding.
Online Exclusive Deals
Promotions on items that show “Online Exclusive” are only available on our website (Golfio.com) and are not available when purchasing the same promotional items in our Superstore.
×
ONLINE PHONE#: (855) 828-1009
ADDRESS: 19950 E. WALNUT DR. N. WALNUT CA 91789
© 2004 - 2020 Golfio. All Rights Reserved.