http://www.catherines.com/help/supply-chain
Skip to main content
Accessibility Policy
https://www.catherines.com
/on/demandware.static/Sites-oss-Site/-/default/dwba6c5881/images/ca/primarylogo.png
Catherines
https://www.catherines.com
Brand Root Category
Home
Home
Customer Service
Customer Service
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service Menu
Customer Service Menu
Shopping
Shipping Info
Return & Exchanges
Catherines Credit Card
Gift Cards
Size & Fit
FAQs
Customer Service
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
FULLBEAUTY Brands and its various brands and affiliates have had a longstanding commitment to observing the provisions of the United Nations International Labour Organization and that organization's principles aimed at eliminating child labor and abolishing slavery and forced or compulsory labor.
Suppliers of FULLBEAUTY Brands and its affiliates commit to the Supplier's Code of Conduct as a condition of doing business with us.
The Code requires the suppliers to commit themselves to fundamental principles aimed at eliminating child labor, slavery, human trafficking and forced or compulsory labor.
A copy of the Supplier's Code of Conduct can be provided by submitting a written request to:
FULLBEAUTY Brands
2300 Southeastern Avenue
Indianapolis, Indiana 46201
Attn:
General Counsel
More recently, California has passed the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act.
That Act is designed to increase the information made available by retailers concerning their efforts to address the issues of slavery and human trafficking.
In accordance with that Act, FULLBEAUTY Brands and its various brands and affiliates make the following disclosures.
As part of their commitment to eradicating slavery, human trafficking and forced labor, FULLBEAUTY Brands and its various brands and affiliates:
Verify product supply chains by using a third party company to ensure that the product supply chains are complying with the Code of Conduct and all applicable laws prohibiting slavery and forced labor.
Audit their suppliers to determine whether they are complying with the Code of Conduct and the applicable laws prohibiting slavery and forced labor.
These audits are conducted by an independent third party company.
These audits are semi-announced.
The frequency of audits is based on the volume of business, country of origin, type of products, and evaluated risk with the suppliers.
Require their direct suppliers to comply with the Code of Conduct and the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the countries in which the suppliers are doing business.
Maintain an internal accountability record of the suppliers' compliance with the Code of Conduct.
FULLBEAUTY Brands and affiliates generally reserve the right to terminate any supplier which fails to comply with applicable laws prohibiting slavery and human trafficking, subject to the opportunity to cure where appropriate.
Provide training for their sourcing team on the company policies designed to
eliminate slavery and human trafficking and on the Code of Conduct and
the need to include the Code of Conduct into any terms and conditions with suppliers.
As noted, FULLBEAUTY Brands and its affiliates have followed the principles of the International Labour Organization which include supporting the elimination of all forms of forced and compulsory labor and the effective abolition of child labor.
Likewise, FULLBEAUTY Brands and its affiliates support the principles of the California Transparency and Supply Chains Act of 2010.
We’re Here To Help
Call us
1-800-489-3616
Email us
Customer service
There may be temporary fluctuations in
availability as we support social distancing.