https://www.cobaeurope.com/privacy-notice
Home
Social Distancing Mats
Anti Fatigue Matting
Anti Slip Mats
Entrance Matting
Entrance Mats
GRP Flooring
Cable Protectors
COBA Flooring
Products
Articles
Workplace Matting
Anti Fatigue Matting
Anti Slip Mats
Safety Matting
Rubber Matting
ESD Mats & Equipment
Switchboard Matting
Floor Level Safety Accessories
Cable Protectors
Mats for Leisure
Office Furniture Accessories
Entrance Mats
View All Entrance Mats
Social Distancing Mats
Contamination Control
Entrance Matting
Barrier Matting
Carpet Entrance Matting
Aluminium Entrance Matting
BIM Ready Entrance Matting
EasyInstall™ Product Range
Logo Mats
GRP Flooring
GRP Sheets
GRP Stair Nosing
GRP Stair Tread
Social Distancing Products
Social Distancing Screens
Social Distancing Floor Mats
Social Distancing for Schools
Social Distancing Anti-fatigue Mats
Social Distancing Floor Tape
Disinfectant Foot Mats
Floor Coverings
Floor Protection
Rubber Sheeting
PVC Strip Curtains
Moving Edge Safety Knives
New Products
#StandUpForHealth
An eBook about sit-stand health in the workplace featuring brand NEW expert opinion
Downloads
Catalogues & Brochures
Safety Catalogue
Flooring Brochure
Facilities Management Brochure
Hospitality and Catering Brochure
eBooks
#StandUpForHealth eBook
A Facility Manager’s Guide to Entrance Matting Installation
Installation Guides
Buying Tools
Free Site Survey
Free Sample Service
Datasheets
Buying Guide Hub
MatBrain™
Logomat Designer
PVC Strip Curtain Calculator
Case Studies
FAQs
Mobile Apps
Mats in Mind App
Entrance Architect
COVID-19 Latest
COVID-19 Response Range Brochure
COVID-19 Content Hub
Articles
Anti–Fatigue Mats Finally Explained in our Video
How to choose mats for oily work stations
Stand up for Wellbeing in the Workplace
Features
Videos
A video to mark 40 years of matting expertise
Our Highlights Video from A+A 2019
Supply And Install Service
We’re here to support you from the enquiry stage right through to flooring installation.
About us
Meet the Team
What We Offer
Delivery and Service
COBA Flooring
Supply and Install Service
Accreditations
Quality
REACH
Mats In Mind App
Quickly search through more than 100 matting solutions.
Get in Touch
Send Us a Message
Press
Enquiries
Request a Site Survey
Find Your Rep
Request a Sample
Customer Services: 0116 240 1088
Email: sales@cobaeurope.com
COBA Europe
Marlborough Drive
Fleckney
Leicestershire
LE8 8UR
Privacy Notice
COBA Europe > Privacy Notice
COBA Europe is part of the COBA group. This privacy notice explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website. Please read it carefully.
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use this information about you?
Email Marketing and Telemarketing
Marketing Automation
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy notice
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We may collect information when you visit the website or purchase any products from the website but only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. This may include details such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, billing details and credit card information. There is no requirement for you to provide us with such information in order to use the website. However, if you decide to withhold certain information requested by us, you may not be able to visit all sections of the website or make purchases. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How will we use this information about you?
We use information gathered on the website to enable us to provide you with access to all parts of the website and to process any orders you may make. If you provide information to this website, we will not sell, share or rent your personal information to third parties (save as expressly stated below), but we may use it for our own purposes in order to:
administer and run the website;
fulfil orders for any goods or services, which we have agreed to supply;
notify you of other COBA products and services.
We will not disclose any information we gather from you on the website, but we may disclose information about you to other companies within the COBA group. Any information provided to these companies will be used by those companies only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Third party contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected on the website in the course of providing products or services to us, for example, hosting and maintenance of the website, or credit card processors. This is strictly limited to information which is reasonably required by them to perform their duties. These third parties are at all times required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Notice and as such are prevented from using or disclosing any information for any purposes other than providing services to us.
We will use your information for the purposes described above, or as indicated to you when we request such information. You must “opt-in” and give us specific consent to use the information for any other purpose (for example, to allow us to send our marketing materials or electronic alerts).
In the event of a sale, merger or transfer or sale of us or any group company we reserve the right to transfer information to a third party who will be obliged to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Notice.
Countries outside the European Economic Area do not always have strong data protection laws. However, we will always take steps to ensure that your information is used by third parties in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Email Marketing and Telemarketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies in our group which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the COBA group. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email marketing@coba.com.
Marketing Automation
This website uses a third-party marketing automation system called SharpSpring, which tracks the IP address of devices and networks used to access it. This in turn helps our sales and marketing teams provide more targeted content and a more tailored service for new and existing clients. If you submit your personal information via a form on our website, this additional information will be stored on a SharpSpring server. Click here for details of SharpSpring’s own Privacy Policy.
Force24 Cookies & Tracking
This website uses a third-party marketing automation system called Force24. Force24 cookies are first-party cookies and are enabled at the point of cookie acceptance on this website. Details of the cookies can be found here. They allow us to understand our audience engagement thus allowing better optimisation of marketing activity.
The information stored by Force24 cookies remains anonymous until:
Our website is visited via clicking from an email or SMS message, sent via the Force24 platform and cookies are accepted on the website.
A user of the website completes a form containing email address from either your website or your Force24 landing pages.
The Force24 cookies will remain on a device for 10 years unless they are deleted.
Other Tracking
We also use similar technologies including tracking pixels and link tracking to monitor your viewing activities
Device & browser type and open statistics
All emails have a tracking pixel ( a tiny invisible image ) with a query string in the URL. Within the URL we have user details to identify who opened an email for statistical purposes.
Link Tracking
All links within emails and SMS messages sent from the Force24 platform contain a unique tracking reference, this reference help us identify who clicked an email for statistical purposes.
Access to your information and correction
If at any time you are concerned about or wish to enquire about information we hold about you, please contact the Data Privacy Controller, COBA International Ltd., Unit 5 Marlborough Drive, Fleckney, Leicestershire LE8 8UR or email dataprivacy@coba.com. You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date.
Cookies
Like most websites, this website sometimes makes use of browser “cookies” which are pieces of information which a website either transfers to your computer hard drive or stores temporarily in your computer’s memory for record keeping purposes. We use cookies in order to allow us to monitor how you are using the website. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can re-set your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this website.
For more details about the cookies this website uses please visit the cookies page.
Advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies when you click on adverts or links to their own site. This Privacy Notice does not govern the use of such third-party websites or advertisers.
Other websites
The website contains links to sites not owned or operated by COBA. We are not responsible for these websites and you must read the privacy notices for each of these websites independently.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please refer back to this page regularly. By using the website or any of our products, features, resources or services on it you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Notice.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or information we hold about you:
by email
or write to us at Data Privacy Controller, COBA International Ltd., Unit 5 Marlborough Drive, Fleckney, Leicestershire LE8 8UR
Stay Up to Date
Get the latest floor safety articles, product updates and offers.