https://www.operationparts.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Terms & Conditions/Policies
Terms & Conditions/Policies
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Operation Parts. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Operation Parts. Copyright 2003, Operation Parts ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Operation Parts or purchasing Operation Parts products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Operation Parts or to purchase Operation Parts products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Operation Parts. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Operation Parts used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Operation PartsReturn Policy
Operation Parts offers a 30 day return, refund and exchange policy. You must contact Operation Parts by email at sales@operationparts.com prior to any return, refund, or exchange to receive an RMA number. Any items retuned for a refund, including those that were shipped for free will have the shipping/insurance cost deducted from the amount of the refund.  All returns must include a copy of your receipt, along with the billing address, shipping address, contact phone number(s), contact email, and RMA number. The returned items must be received by us no later than 30 days from the date you received the order, otherwise a 20% restocking fee will apply.  Items that are unused and with the original packaging can be returned for an exchange, store credit, or refund. If you dispute the charge with your credit card company the order will no longer be returnable.  Shipping charges are not subject to refund under any circumstances. Some items may not be returned including special orders, any tools, custom work, modified or assembled items such as installed handguards, optics that have been mounted in rings, clothing, ear plugs, closeout items, etc.  This list may not be all inclusive, contact us with any questions regarding this policy before placing your order.  Defective products must be returned to the original manufacturer for warranty service. It is recommended that any shipments containing items for return are sent with a carrier that offers tracking numbers and full value insurance on the parcels. Operation Parts cannot be responsible for any packages that are lost while being shipped to us. Please note that the Post Office does not offer tracking capabilities on packages.  Any packages that are refused by customer or are unclaimed at the post office will be treated as a return.
Shipping
Delivery dates are not guaranteed, shipping charges will not be refunded for packages ariving later than expected. Shipping days only include business days and are from the date your order ships, not the date it's placed. USPS delivery business days do not include Sunday or holidays. UPS delivery business days do not include Saturday, Sunday, or holidays. If you need an order by a certain date contact us and we'll gladly help you choose the shipping option with the best chance of making it in time.  USPS First Class Mail can take up to 1-2 weeks to arrive, USPS Priority is usually 1-4 business days to most of the US.  USPS Express Mail is usually 1-2 business days.  UPS Ground can take up to 5 business days, depending on your location.  Example: An order placed at 5pm Eastern on a Thursday (after our noon cutoff time) will ship Friday at the earliest, selecting UPS Next Day will have the order arrive on Monday (if not a holiday), it will not arrive on Saturday.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. Most manufacturers will warranty their products, therefore all warranty claims should be directed to the manufacturer.  To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Operation Parts disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Operation Parts does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Operation Parts does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Operation Parts shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Operation Parts has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical Errors
In the event that a Operation Parts product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Operation Parts reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Operation Parts reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Operation Parts shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Operation Parts without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Notice
Operation Parts may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Operation Parts.Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Operation Parts products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Operation Parts products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Operation Parts's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Operation Parts may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Operation Parts or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimer
Operation Parts does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Operation Parts is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Operation Parts reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Operation Parts in its sole discretion.Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Operation Parts, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Operation Parts may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Operation Parts, Operation Parts has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Operation Parts. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Operation Parts seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 30, 2018
Operation Parts, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.operationparts.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.operationparts.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Operation Parts, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.Operation Parts, Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Operation Parts, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Operation Parts, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.operationparts.com/terms-conditions/
×
OK