http://www.copper.com/privacy
We use cookies to ensure that we provide you with the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, you are agreeing to receive all cookies on the Copper website. You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Got It
Learn More
Why Copper
Industry
Pricing
Demos
Resources
Try Free
Login
Why Copper
Organize Contacts
Automate Tasks
Security and Privacy
Track Deals
Get Reports
Manage Projects
Integrations
Industry
Agencies
Consulting
Technology
Real Estate
Corporate Development
Resources
Library
Product Updates
Blog
Developers
Help Center
Webinars
Why Copper
Industry
Pricing
Demos
Resources
Try Free
Login
Organize Contacts
Keep all your relationships in one central place
Automate Tasks
Create recurring tasks and notifications
Security and Privacy
Learn how Copper keeps your data safe
Track Deals
Set up the pipeline that works for you
Get Reports
See how your business is doing with custom reports
Manage Projects NEW
Manage your team’s work after the deal is closed
Integrations
Save time by connecting Copper to popular apps and tools
Agencies
Better client relations for advertising and media agencies.
Consulting
Manage clients and deals from one central place.
Real Estate
Real estate professionals manage more listings with Copper.
Corporate Development
Track and manage deals in one place with Copper.
Technology
Innovate and scale faster with less crm busy work.
Library
Books, guides, videos and tools for growing your small business.
Product Updates
Get updates on our product, best practices and tips.
Developers
Use our API to integrate Copper with other apps.
Help Center
Browse our knowledge base to find answers.
Blog
News, stories and latest thinking on sales, marketing and more.
Webinars
Check our schedule and sign up for our online events.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Copper CRM, Inc.
301 Howard St. #600
San Francisco, CA 94105
Date of Last Revision: September 8, 2020
Summary of Updates to this Privacy Policy:
We have made certain clarifying changes to the onward transfer section of this Privacy Policy. Our California Privacy Statement has also been incorporated in this Privacy Policy. This summary is provided for your reference only, and does not modify or enlarge our respective rights and obligations, which shall be as set forth below in this Privacy Policy.
Highlights
We collect and use your personal data to enable you to register for and use our platform and to provide you with the products, services, or information that you request.This policy explains when we process personal data for our legitimate interests. You can ask us to stop processing this information.We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our websites and apps. To learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click here.We share information with third parties we engage to process information on our behalf, when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations.We transfer your personal data to the United States, which may be outside the country in which you live. We use Privacy Shield and European Commission approved contract clauses when we transfer your personal data and engage subprocessors in order to help protect your personal data. For a discussion of Copper’s data transfer practices and response to the Court of Justice of the European Union’s Schrems II decision (case C-311/18), please read “Do We Participate in Privacy Shield?”, below.
Our Policy
This Privacy Policy describes our privacy and data protection practices on our website https://www.copper.com/ and customer relationship management (CRM) platform (“Platform”) located at https://app.prosperworks.com/users/sign_in, including our applications for mobile devices (collectively, the “Services”).
We collect personal data in connection with the Services. In this Privacy Policy, we use “personal data” to mean information that can be used to identify an individual. This Privacy Policy also describes your choices regarding your personal data, and how to update and correct your personal data.
1. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
When you register to use our Platform, we collect the personal data you provide including your name, email, phone, address, and payment information.
When you use our Platform, we collect the information you submit to your account including the names, titles, email addresses, mailing addresses, and phone numbers of your customers, leads, and contacts. We also collect other information when you use our Platform including operating system, system model, and IP address. Our Platform may enable you to import contacts included in your email accounts. We do not collect the login credentials for such email accounts. Please note that if you give us personal data on behalf of someone else (or someone else gives us personal data on your behalf), the person providing the personal data must have consent or other legal basis to do so.
We collect your contact information and device or system information when you use our technical support, training, or professional services.
When you register for events, offers, or marketing materials, we collect your contact information.
We collect your personal data when you engage with us on our website or on social media.
We collect your resume or C.V. when you apply for a job with us.
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information, including information that may be considered personal data such as your IP address. See our cookie policy for more information about the information we collect and your choices.
We sometimes obtain information from other sources, such as mergers and acquisitions, data brokers, or commercial lists, and merge this with information we have previously collected.
Some of our events, websites or services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. For example, we might co-sponsor a webinar in conjunction with one of our partners and allow you to register for such webinar through our website. If you provide personal data in these cases, both us and the other company may receive the information collected and use the information according to each company’s privacy policy and agreement with you.
2. How Do We Use Personal Data?
We use personal data for the purposes for which you have consented, and to conduct business, provide information and support for products and services, better understand your needs and interests, and ensure a quality experience for users of the Services. For example, we use the data submitted to our Platform by customers in accordance with the instructions of our customers, including any applicable terms in our Terms of Service, and as required by applicable law. We will use your resume data to consider you for employment.
We also use personal data for our legitimate interests or when we have a lawful basis to do so.
For example, we may use your information to:
Communicate, interact and build our relationship with you;Contact you with relevant promotions and information about us and affiliated third-parties;Process, fulfill and follow up on transactions and requests for products, services, support, training and information;Send you reminders about the expiration of your subscriptions (trial or paid) for Services;Create and maintain your account and register Services;Bill and accept payment from you for Services;Engage in market research;Measure, analyze and improve our products and services, the effectiveness of our Services, and our advertising and marketing;Engage in troubleshooting and technical support;Notify you about updates to our blogs or new webinars;Monitor your usage of the Services;Tell you when updates and new product versions are available;Personalize content and advertising;Help identify and communicate offers of products, programs and services that may be of interest to you;Send “refer-a-friend” email on your behalf with your consent;Consider your employment application;Comply with legal requirements;Enforce our Terms of Service, and prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal actives;Provide agreed upon diagnostic, monitoring and management services; orBetter communicate with you.
3. How Do We Share and Disclose Personal Data?
We may share or disclose your personal data as follows:
To corporate subsidiaries we own or control to support their business and marketing processes;To our service providers and suppliers, who are acting and using your information on our behalf to provide the Services and help us with our business activities such as (processing your payments, providing customer service, or hosting our Platform). These companies are authorized to use your personal data only as necessary to provide these services to us. Transfers of personal data to subsequent third parties are covered by the services agreements between us and our customers. For more information about our subprocessors visit our Copper Subprocessors webpage. Based on a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or safety of any person or entity;Based on a good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary to respond to judicial process, valid government inquiry, or is otherwise required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process;In the event that we or any of our assets are acquired, your information may be transferred with the company or the asset;To other third-parties for purposes which you have allowed or to which you have consented (such as an authorized reseller);When posted by you or an authorized third-party to our wikis, forums, blogs, message boards, chat rooms and other social networking environments; orTo create aggregated information which does not identify you personally.
4. What Additional Requirements Apply to Information Collected through Our Gmail Integration and Google APIs?
Our Platform enables you to read, create and modify messages in your Gmail account. In order to provide you with this service, we obtain, process and store a copy of the Google user data contained in or associated with messages in your Gmail account, such as the email addresses of persons to whom you send or from whom you receive messages in your Gmail account, electronic copies of the files attached to those messages, and the contents of those messages.
We refer to the Google user data described in the immediately preceding paragraph as “Google User Data.” Google User Data is subject to the additional limitations on its use, transfer and accessibility set forth below:
We will use Google User Data only to provide or improve user-facing features of the Services that are prominent in the Services’ user interface.
We will only transfer Google User Data to unaffiliated third parties (a) if necessary to provide or improve user-facing features that are prominent in the Services’ user interface, (b) as necessary to comply with applicable law or (c) as part of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets with notice to you.
We will not use or transfer your Google User Data for serving ads, including retargeting, personalized or interest-based advertising.
We will not allow humans to read your Google User Data unless:
We have first obtained your affirmative agreement for specific messages;It is necessary for security purposes (such as investigating a bug or abuse);It is necessary to comply with applicable law; orOur use is limited to internal operations and the data (including derivations) have been aggregated and de-identified.
Note that we may obtain personal data that is included in your Google User Data from sources other than the messages in your Gmail account. For example, we may obtain your email address when you register for the Service. Personal data that we obtain from sources other than messages in your Gmail account is not considered Google User Data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and is not subject to the additional requirements described above.
Our use and transfer to any other application of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
5. What Are Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data?
You may request to review, correct, delete or otherwise modify any of your personal data. If you have registered for an account for our Platform, you may generally update your user settings and profile by logging into our Platform with your username and password and editing your settings or profile. You can also update the contact details of your leads, contacts, and prospects stored in the Platform at any time. Otherwise, to access, correct, delete your personal information, please contact us as specified below in the “Contact Us” section and we will verify these requests and respond to you in accordance with our legal obligations. In the case of your personal data stored on the Platform, this generally means we will direct your request to the licensed administrator of the applicable Platform account for review.
If you wish to unsubscribe to our marketing communications, you should follow the unsubscribe instructions included in our email communications, or you may contact us at privacy-questions@copper.com.
We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
We may retain your information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection. For example, we will retain the personal data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide Services to our customers, and for a reasonable period after as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Coppers’ Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.
6. Do We Use Analytics?
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our Services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our websites to do things like optimize product design. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites that use Google Analytics, we and Google may link information about your activity from that site with activity from other sites that use Google Analytics services.
7. What Is Our Position on Children’s Privacy?
Use of the Services is only available to individuals who are of legal age to contract in their applicable jurisdiction. The Services are not directed to children under 16 years of age. If our policy changes, we will obtain consent from a parent or guardian before we knowingly collect data from anyone under the age of 16.
8. Does This Policy Apply to Links to Other Web Sites?
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Copper (the “Third Party Sites”). In addition, our Services include social media features, such as links to our Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn pages. Your interactions with our information on such Third Party Sites are governed by the privacy statement of the provider of such Third Party Site. The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that Copper endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
9. What Are Our Security Procedures?
The security of your personal data is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. You acknowledge and agree that no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. You agree to take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. If you have any questions about the security of your personal data, you can contact us at privacy-questions@copper.com.
10. Do We Participate in Privacy Shield?
Update: On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the “CJEU”) issued a judgment in the Schrems II case (case C-311/18), which invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework as a valid basis for transferring data from the EU to the United States. The CJEU further concluded that the Standard Contractual Clauses (the “SCCs”) issued by the European Commission for the transfer of personal data to data processors established outside of the EU continue to serve as a valid transfer basis. Copper’s Terms of Service automatically applies the protections of SCCs to all Copper’s EU-based customers. Customers wishing for a signed copy of the SCCs can obtain one by contacting privacy@copper.com. Copper continues to monitor the impact of the Schrems II decision and related legal developments, and intends to update its practices and customer terms as appropriate. In the meantime, Copper continues to comply with its obligations under Privacy Shield, as discussed below.
Copper participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Copper CRM, Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Frameworks, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
In the context of an onward transfer, Copper CRM, Inc. has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Copper CRM, Inc. remains liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Copper CRM, Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Copper CRM, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
11. Does this Privacy Policy Change?
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain Services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
12. How Can You Contact Us?
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using one of the methods specified at https://www.copper.com/contact or by emailing us at privacy-questions@copper.com. Our address is Copper, 301 Howard St. #600, San Francisco, CA 94105.
California Privacy Statement
The following supplemental privacy policy (the “Supplemental Policy”) describes how we process information about residents of California.
1. 	Summary of Personal Information That We Collect About You
For individuals who are California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act requires certain disclosures about the categories of personal information we collect and how we use it, the categories of sources from whom we collect personal information, and the third parties with whom we share it. While we have set out the categories below as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act, you can review the other sections of our Privacy Policy set out above, and other information that describes our data collection and use, as previously disclosed to you which have not changed under this notice.
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect the categories of information as summarized in the table below. This Supplemental Policy also does not apply to personal information we collect from employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or job applicants. It also does not apply to personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services.
All of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed below) come from the following categories of sources:
You, including through your use of our Services;Automatically collected from you;Our affiliate companies;Our customers, who may store and process personal information about you in the Platform; andOther third parties.
Categories of Personal Information We CollectCategories of Third Parties with Which We Share that InformationIdentifiers (such as name, address, email address, employer information)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners) or your organization (through its purchase of an account with us)
Our affiliate companiesAggregators (such as analytics services)Commercial Information (such as transaction data)Third parties (such as our service providers)
Our affiliate companies
Aggregators (such as analytics services)Financial Data (such as billing information)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)
Our affiliate companiesInternet or Other Network or Device Activity (such as browsing history or app usage)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)
Our affiliate companies
Aggregators (such as analytics services)Location Information (for example, inferred from your IP address)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)
Our affiliate companies
Aggregators (such as analytics services)Professional or Employment-Related Data (such as the name of your employer)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)
Our affiliate companies
Aggregators (such as analytics services)Legally Protected Classifications (such as gender and marital status)Third parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)
Our affiliate companiesOther Information that Identifies or Can Be Reasonably Associated with YouThird parties (such as our service providers and integration partners)Our affiliate companies
Aggregators (such as analytics services)
2. Categories of Business/Commercial Purposes for Our Use of Your Information
All of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed above) are used for the following purposes:
Providing our Service (for example, operating our Platform, account servicing and maintenance, customer service and support, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about our services);For our operational purposes, and the operational purposes of our service providers and integration partners;Improving our existing services and developing new services (for example, by conducting research to develop new products or features);Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity;Bug detection, error reporting, and activities to maintain the quality or safety of our services;Auditing consumer interactions on our site (for example, measuring ad impressions);Short-term, transient use, such as customizing content that we or our service providers display on the services; Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third-party partners; andOther uses that we notify you about.
3. California Rights and Choices
Subject to certain restrictions, if you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose the personal information we collect about you, to delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about you, and to opt-out of the sale of personal information about you. As a California resident, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests, including our means of verifying your identity. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please visit our Customer Support center and submit the form located there. While completing this form is the best way to reach us, you may also email us at privacy-questions@copper.com or by calling us toll-free at (800) 941-0550.
4. Accessing and Deleting Your Personal Information
Right to request access to your personal information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information that we collect, use, or sell about you. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. However, we may withhold some information where the risk to you, your personal information, or our business is too great to disclose the information.
Right to request deletion of your personal information
If you are a California resident, you may also request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from/about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal information required as necessary to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality, as necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, for scientific or historical research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our services. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services.
How to exercise your access and deletion rights
California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by visiting our Customer Support center and submit the form located there. While completing this form is the best way to reach us, you may also email us at privacy-questions@copper.com or by calling us toll-free at (800) 941-0550.
For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.
5. 	Sales of Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We do not “sell” your personal information as we understand that term to be defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and its implementing regulations.
6. 	Non-Discrimination Rights
California residents have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising their rights as described in this Supplemental Policy. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights.
Request a Demo
Are you interested in learning more about our product? Enter your information in the form and a product expert will contact you shortly.
I consent to receiving emails about Copper products and
special offers. By submitting this form you agree to our terms. See our privacy policy to learn about how we use your information.
Thanks for your interest.
A product specialist will contact you soon.
Return to site
Contact Us .
Are you interested in learning more about Copper? Enter your information in the form and a representative will contact you shortly.
By submitting this form you agree our terms. See our privacy policy to learn about how we use your information.
Thanks for your interest.
A representative will contact you soon.
Return to site