http://www.mirrixlooms.com/pages/terms-policies
Skip to content
Home
Store
Store menu
Looms
Starter Packages
Loom Accessories
Weaving Accessories
Kits
Craftsy
Beads & Fiber
Books & Media
Online Classes
Replacement Parts
Limited Stock
Sale
Gift Cards
What's a Mirrix?
Choose a Loom
Set-up and Warping Instructions
Learn to Weave
Free Projects and Tutorials
Bead Weaving Basics
Tapestry Weaving Basics
Community
Blog
Search
Terms and Policies
Talk to us
International Orders
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Search again
Shipping Policies
At Mirrix Looms, each loom is made to order. Loom usually take between one and three business days to go out. Small accessories usually ship the next day. That said, ship times do depend on how busy we are at the time. If you need a loom by a certain date, please let us know. You will be sent a shipping email with tracking information when your order ships.
Please note that your shipping charge is a shipping and handling charge and may be slightly more than exact shipping.
Your credit card or PayPal account will be charged when you purchase, not when your item ships. This is an automatic process that helps keep your payment information secure.
Looms and accessories will be shipped either UPS or U.S. Mail for domestic orders or DHL, FedEx Great Rates, UPS or U.S. Mail for international orders. Please email us if you need your order shipped a certain way.
If you would like to sign for your package when it is delivered, please email us with your order number and phone number. If you do not do this, we are not responsible for your package once it has arrived on your doorstep.
There will be a $5 charge for orders that are changed or canceled after the order has been packed for shipment.
International Shipping
If you are ordering from outside of the United States and are unable to get a shipping price in our shopping cart, please email customerservice@mirrixlooms.com with your mailing address and ask for the shipping rate.
We are not responsible for duty/customs/taxes on international orders.
Return Policy for Looms and Accessories
Mirrix Looms products* can be returned within fifteen days of receipt of shipment in original condition and packaging**. We will refund your full purchase price minus the original shipping price and up to a 10% restocking fee.
*Software, yarn and books cannot be returned.**Original condition means re-sellable condition. This means looms cannot have Bottom Spring Kits installed (as they are not removable) and there can be NO damage or discoloration to the loom, warp coils or clips. Accessories must also be in re-sellable condition. This means Extra Warping Bar Kits and No Warp-Ends Kits cannot have cut cord, cut heddles cannot be returned, project kits cannot be opened, etc.
If the loom is not in original condition or packaging you are not entitled to a full refund.
Please return items to:
Mirrix Looms1097 Bible Hill Rd.Francestown, NH 03043
Please email customerservice@mirrixlooms.com  and let us know that would like to make a return. Include your name, address and order number in the email.
For your protection, we encourage you to send your return with tracking via USPS, UPS or FedEx. Save your shipping receipt and tracking number for proof of return delivery. We are not responsible for return packages that are lost or damaged by the return shipping company.
Exchange Policy for Looms and Accessories
Mirrix Looms can be exchanged within fifteen days of receipt of shipment in original condition and packaging. Please email customerservice@mirrixlooms.com and let us know your original order number and what loom you would like to exchange the original loom for. Then, purchase the new item on our website and send back the original item to us. When we receive the original item we will refund your money minus the original shipping price.
For your protection, we encourage you to send your return prepaid via UPS or FedEx. Save your shipping receipt and tracking number for proof of return delivery. We are not responsible for return packages that are lost or damaged by the return shipping company.
Exchanges must be sent to:
Mirrix Looms1097 Bible Hill Rd.Francestown, NH 03043
International OrdersPlease be aware that if you are ordering from outside of the United States of America, you may be charged a customs fee on your end by your country. We are not responsible for these fees.
Product Guarantee and One Year Warranty
If you receive an item from Mirrix Looms that is defective in any way we will repair or replace that item at no cost. This warranty is good for one year after purchase and is only valid on items purchased by you directly from Mirrix Looms or from an authorized retailer.
Discount Policy
Mirrix Looms maintains the right to deny a discount if it overlaps with another discount. By default, discounts cannot be combined with any other offers.
Small Parts Disclaimer
Mirrix Looms and accessories are not intended for use by children. Beware of small parts. Please be mindful of warp coils, they can be dangerous because the ends are sharp. Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms Ltd. is not liable for injury from user error.
Security
We provide a secure shopping environment through Shopify. Your checkout pages are secured with an SSL Certificate (you can see the https:// on our checkout pages.) We respect and guard your privacy and ensure that any personal information given to complete a purchase is secure. Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms does not collect any of your personal credit card information.
Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.mirrixlooms.com (the “Site”).PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:Communicate with you;Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use SharpSpring to help us understand how our customers use the Site and for marketing purposes--you can read more about how SharpSpring uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.You can opt out of targeted advertising by:FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousBING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/enus/resources/policies/personalized-adsAdditionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.CHANGESWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at customerservice@mirrixlooms.com or by mail using the details provided below:Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms 1097 Bible Hill Rd.Francestown, NH 03043, United States
Advertising and Spam  Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms does not use any type of outside advertising on our website.
Et Cetera  We are not responsible for typographical errors. Prices are subject to change without prior notice. We reserve the right to publish any images or testimonials sent or emailed to Mirrix Tapestry & Bead Looms unless specifically stated otherwise in writing.
All patterns, kits and projects are subject to U.S. copyright law (and, by extension, international copyright law according to the Berne Convention).
All products sold by Mirrix Looms are not intended for use by children 16 years of age and under.
Close Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Enable cookies to use the shopping cart
t:
e
Item Quantity
Remove
Subtotal
$0.00
You're saving
$0.00
Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout
Checkout