http://www.olesmoky.com/pages/terms
Skip to content
Your cart
close
Submit
Products
expand
Find Ole Smoky
Moonshine
Whiskey
Canned Cocktails
Recipes
The Distillery
expand
THE HOLLER
THE BARN
THE BARRELHOUSE
6TH & PEABODY
Our Heritage
News & Events
expand
In the News
Partners
Awards
Livestream
Store
expand
Apparel
Mens
Womens
Accessories
Giftware
Food Pantry
Our Instagram
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
The website displayed at www.olesmoky.com (this "Site") is operated by Ole Smoky Distillery, LLC. (Ole Smoky"). Your use of and access to this Site is conditional upon your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions including our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or update these Terms & Conditions from time to time with immediate effect. It is your responsibility to review these Terms & Conditions periodically for updates.
AFTER READING THIS PAGE, IF FOR ANY REASON YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OR CANNOT ABIDE BY THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THIS SITE IMMEDIATELY. OTHERWISE BY ACCESSING AND USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
PERMITTED USERS OF THIS SITE
This Site is intended to be used and accessed by people who are of legal age to purchase and consume alcohol. If you are of legal age in your country of residence and the country from which you are accessing this Site, please continue. If you are not, please exit this Site immediately.
RIGHTS TO CONTENTS AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The copyrights to all materials, content and layout of this Site (including text, user and visual interfaces, images, look and feel, design, sound, etc., and any underlying software and computer codes) are proprietary to Ole Smoky, its parents, agencies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries, or third party licensors. You may not copy, reproduce, post on any other website, republish, upload, encode, modify, translate, publicly perform or display, commercially exploit, distribute or transmit any portion of this Site or make any derivative works from this Site in any way without Ole Smoky's express prior written consent.
Any name, logo, trademark, service mark, patent, design, copyright or other intellectual property appearing on this Site is owned or licensed by Ole Smoky or its parents, affiliates or subsidiaries and may not be used by you without the prior written consent of Ole Smoky or the appropriate owner. Your use of this Site does not grant you any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property appearing on the Site.
Any unauthorized use of the content of this Site may subject you to civil or criminal penalties.
USE OF THIS SITE
Ole Smoky maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information and education. You should feel free to browse the Site and may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, lawful, personal use only provided all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials are retained and such information is not modified, copied or posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media. All other copying (whether in electronic, hard copy or other format) is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws world-wide. All commercial use of all or part of this Site is prohibited except with Ole Smoky's express prior written consent. All rights not expressly granted here are reserved to Ole Smoky. Please note that when visiting the site, certain non-personally-identifiable and aggregate information is collected. This data helps us to analyze and improve the usefulness of the information we provide on the website. This data may be utilized by third-party companies for use in providing advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you based on your web surfing activities including your activities on this website. Third-party companies may use non-cookie technologies to recognize your computer or device. Please note that neither your web browser nor its settings to block cookies may have any effect in allowing you to block their use. Please review our Privacy Policy (link below) to learn more about web based advertising and how to opt-out of this type of advertising.
You may not use any computer program tools including, but not limited to, web spiders, bots, indexers, robots, crawlers, harvesters, or any other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process ("Tools") to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Tools that use the Site shall be considered agents of the individual(s) who control or author them.
NO WARRANTIES
OLE SMOKY DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THIS SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSES, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ACCURACY.
Ole Smoky also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any such damages caused by viruses or other forms of contamination or destructive features that may effect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, text, images, video or audio from the Site or any linked sites.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Ole Smoky, its parents, agencies, distributors, affiliates, subsidiaries and services providers, or the officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, including lost profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on theory of liability what so ever, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of, or your browsing in, or your links to other sites from, this Site. You acknowledge by your use of the Site, that your use of the Site is at your sole risk. Certain laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages; if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers may not apply, and you might have additional rights.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Ole Smoky harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
ON-LINE STORES; PROMOTIONS
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site, including but not limited to contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an "Application"), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as relating to the Application.
COMMUNICATION WITH THIS SITE
By connecting to the Site through a third-party service (e.g., Facebook), you give us permission to access and use information, content and/or material you have supplied to that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.
Please remember that you are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Site. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and any other user of the Site, or any user's action or inaction.
You agree that you will abide by any third-party company policies and terms necessary in using our Website or Site (such as a third-party publisher terms of use or Facebook terms of use).
You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not:
Use the Site in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms & Conditions and/or any and all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations and treaties;
Use the Site for the distribution, housing, processing, propagation, storage, or other handling of, any Content (as defined below) or other material prohibited by these Terms & Conditions, or any material that may create a risk of any loss or damage to any person or property, or any other material (including, without limitation, links to such material) that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be objectionable whether or not such material is unlawful;
Permit or otherwise enable unauthorized users to access and/or use the Site;
Use the Site to export software or data in violation of applicable U.S. laws or regulations;
Sell, copy, duplicate, rent, lease, loan, distribute, transfer, or sublicense the Site, or otherwise permit any third party to use or have access to the Site for any purpose (except as expressly permitted by us in writing) or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, create a derivative work of, display in human readable form, attempt to discover any source code, or otherwise use any software that enables or comprises any part of the Site;
Remove any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary notices from the Site or any Content on the Site;
Distribute, publish, exhibit, or otherwise use the Site, in any manner and for any purpose not expressly permitted under these Terms & Conditions;
Exploit the Site or collect any data incorporated in the Site in any automated manner through the use of bots, metaspiders, crawlers or any other automated means;
Register as a user of the Site by providing false, inaccurate, or misleading information;
Post hyperlinks to commercial services or Websites;
Collect personal data about other users of the Site for commercial or any other purposes;
Post or otherwise make available irrelevant Content (as defined below), repeatedly post or make available the same or similar Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to our computer systems (including any non-public areas of the Site) or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, probes for vulnerability, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Site (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Site).
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Ole Smoky cannot prevent the "harvesting" of information from this Site, and you may be contacted by Ole Smoky or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site. Anything you transmit may be edited by or on behalf of Ole Smoky, may or may not be posted to this Site at the sole discretion of Ole Smoky and may be used by Ole Smoky or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Ole Smoky is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose what so ever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. If you transmit any ideas, concepts, materials or other communications to this Site, you accept that it will not be treated as confidential and may be used by Ole Smoky without compensation in any manner what so ever, including without limitation reproduction, transmission, publication, marketing, product development, etc.
Although Ole Smoky may from time to time monitor or review discussion, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, Ole Smoky is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. Ole Smoky assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this Site.
TERMINATION
At its sole discretion, Ole Smoky may modify or discontinue the Site, or may modify or terminate your account or your access to this Site, for any reason, with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.
UNAFFILIATED PRODUCTS AND SITES
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned by Ole Smoky or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or site. Ole Smoky has not reviewed all material linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.
LINKING POLICY
This Site may provide, as a convenience to you, links to sites owned or operated by parties other than Ole Smoky. Each linked to website has its own terms and conditions of use, as described in that site's legal notice/terms of use. Those terms and conditions may be different than these Terms of Use, and we urge you to read each website's legal notice/terms of use carefully before you use that site. Ole Smoky does not control, and is not responsible for the availability, content or security of these external sites, nor your experience interacting or using these external sites. Ole Smoky does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such sites. If you link to such sites you do so at your own risk.
DISCLAIMER: Please be aware that Ole Smoky reserves the right to hyperlink from its websites and individual brand social media sites prior to receiving your company's express permission. We do not believe this link would cause any consumer confusion or an impression of affiliation or sponsorship. Should your company object to the proposed hyperlink, please send an email to marketing@osdistillery.com as soon as possible to request a posted hyperlink be removed.
UNITED STATES GOVERNING LAW; ARBITRATION; VOID WHERE PROHIBITED
These Terms & Conditions, and your relationship with us under these Terms & Conditions, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee without regard to its conflict or choice of laws provisions. Any dispute with us, or our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, arising under or in relation to These Terms & Conditions shall be resolved exclusively through non-appealable arbitration with one arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association in Knoxville, TN. If travelling to Tennessee is a burden, you may participate in the arbitration by phone or via document submission to the fullest extent allowable by the arbitrator. Each party will bear their own costs of arbitration unless the arbitrator directs that bearing such costs would be an undue burden and in that case, we will pay for your portion of the arbitration administrative costs (but not your attorneys' fees).
Any offer for any product, feature, service or Application made on this Site is void where prohibited.
NO CLASS ACTIONS
You agree to resolve any disputes related to these Terms & Conditions as an individual and not as a class or join any class. You understand that, in return for agreement to this provision and the dispute provision above, we are able to offer the Service at the terms designated, and that your assent is an indispensable consideration to these Terms & Conditions.
You also acknowledge and understand that, with respect to any dispute with us, our officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or relating to your use of the Service or these Terms & Conditions:
YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY; and YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO SERVE AS A REPRESENTATIVE, AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR IN ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT INVOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTE.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision in these Terms & Conditions is invalid or unenforceable or contrary to applicable law, such provision shall be construed, limited, or altered, as necessary, to eliminate the invalidity or unenforceability or the conflict with applicable law, and all other provisions of these Terms & Conditions shall remain in effect.
NO ASSIGNMENT, SUBLICENSE OR TRANSFER
You may not assign, sublicense, or transfer these Terms & Conditions or any rights or obligations hereunder without our prior written consent. Any such attempted assignment, sublicense, or transfer will be null and void and we, in our sole discretion, shall have the right to immediately terminate these Terms & Conditions.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms & Conditions sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter. All provisions that should by their nature survive the termination of these Terms & Conditions shall survive the expiration of these Terms & Conditions including, without limitation, the rights and licenses you have granted hereunder, indemnities, releases, disclaimers, limitations on liability, provisions related to choice of law, no class action, and no trial by jury. Any waiver of or promise not to enforce any right under these Terms & Conditions shall not be enforceable unless evidenced by a writing signed by the party making said waiver or promise.
This policy is effective as of June 12, 2015.
Please click here to read the Ole Smoky Distillery® Privacy Policy.