http://www.kew-online.com/content/terms-and-conditions
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more
Enjoy FREE UK Express delivery on orders over £120
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Here you'll find all the small print, the terms and conditions you may need to reference. If you can't find what you're looking for here please drop us a line at enquiries@jigsaw-uk.co.uk or call us on 0208 392 5603.
About Us
FAQs
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sourcing Principles
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Credits
Press
Size Guide
Careers
Stores
Contact Us
Delivery
Free UK Express Delivery For Orders Over £150
Free Delivery offer applies to UK orders over £150.00 using our UK Express Delivery method. This offer applies to UK residents only and is subject to availability. For Express (non-Deliver to Store orders) the delivery charge will be deducted at the checkout if the order value is equal to or greater than £150.00. It is the responsibility of the customer to select the free postage option at checkout. No cash alternative will be given. This offer applies to online orders only. Jigsaw has the right to amend, cancel or withdraw this promotion at any time.
Delivery
More details on the delivery and returns process are provided in the Delivery & Returns section of the website.
Please note that all delivery times are based around working days (Mon-Fri) and refer to the time from which we receive your order. Please note that the day we receive your order may not be the day you placed your order. If you place an order on Sunday, for example, the order will be processed through our order management system on Monday.
Delivery times represent the level of service we endeavour to achieve for all orders. We are not able to guarantee to deliver products at a particular time on a particular date. On occasion we may incur internal delays, which will increase these timeframes. On occasion delays beyond our control may be caused by the courier company.
On occasion it may be necessary to despatch an order in separate packages or in separate batches. Where an order cannot immediately be fulfilled in its entirety you will be contacted directly to establish how you would like us to manage the remainder of your order.
Areas of Distribution
In the United Kingdom, Jigsaw’s website www.jigsaw-online.com delivers to all areas of the UK including Northern Ireland and all off-shore islands.
In the European Union, we are able to ship to the following countries:
Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Republic of Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Portugal, Poland, Romania, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden.
Currently, we are not able to ship orders received through this website, to other destinations internationally. It is possible to organise shipment of our goods to other destinations worldwide, but not under the terms and conditions set out in this document. Overseas customers should contact Jigsaw directly on + 44 (0)20 8392 5603 for further information.
Jersey Import Tax
The Government of Jersey charge 5% GST (Goods and Services Tax) on the majority of goods and services supplied in Jersey for local use, including imports. Orders destined for countries outside of the EU are shipped on a DDU (delivery duty unpaid) basis. Where this is the case, you will need to pay these costs to release your order from customs before it is delivered to you.
Returns, Refunds and Exchanges
Returns
We hope you are pleased with the design and quality of your items. However, should you wish to return anything you've ordered or purchased please see below:
Purchases made on the website or as a postal sale from a store:
Any items (full-price or reduced) may be returned to us for refund within 28 days of receipt provided they are unworn and undamaged.
Please check products carefully and return faulty goods as soon you become aware of the fault (we encourage customers to return any faulty item within 28 days of purchase where possible).
For online orders, please use the Returns Form which is included with your order. Post the items back through your local post office (use the prepaid returns label provided for UK orders) with proof of postage, as we cannot accept liability for items lost in transit. Jigsaw is unable to provide freepost returns for International orders.
For store postal sales, please contact the relevant store for details on how to return your purchase.
Where all of an order is cancelled or returned within 28 days, we will refund the standard postage cost in addition to the full value of the goods being returned.
Purchases made in Jigsaw stores:
Full-price items may be returned to any Jigsaw stand-alone store refund or exchange within 28 days of purchase.
*Please note that due to COVID (19) we are extending our returns until the end of May.
Credit notes will not be issued for reduced-price items.
All returned items need to be unworn and undamaged.
Please return faulty goods as soon you become aware of the fault.
Due to adhering to social distancing guidelines, we are currently operating on reduced staff in our warehouse. This may lead to a delay in orders being proceeded for refunds. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause, and are working hard to try fix this issue as quickly as possible.
Refunds will be processed within 7 working days upon receipt in our warehouse. To see whether your return has reached us yet you can enter the barcode tracking number from your returns receipt on https://www3.royalmail.com/track-your-item. If an order has been cancelled, refunds will also be processed within 7 working days, providing that we have been notified in writing that you wish to cancel your order within 28 days of receipt.
Where items have been returned in exchange for other items in store, the balance of value between the returned items and exchanges will be credited to/debited from your credit card.
In the interests of security we do not store all the required parts of your credit card details needed to take payment. In the short term, we do hold the required parts of your credit card details to allow us to complete a refund to your card should you return items to us within the permitted 28 days.
Returned items which are accepted as faulty by Jigsaw or items that we incorrectly despatched to you will be refunded in full. Please use the free UK returns label provided by us when sending your items back. If you are returning items from outside of the UK, we will reimburse you for the cost of postage when returning faulty or incorrectly sent items.
Refunds on returned items (which are not faulty) will not include the original p&p charge or the cost of returning the goods to us.
Sale Returns Policy
Sale items or products purchased online under ‘Special Promotions’ that involve a reduction in price from the normal retail price can be returned within 28 days of receipt provided they are in their original condition.
Non Returnable Items
For hygiene reasons, we’re unable to
accept the return of face masks, earrings, lingerie, and swimwear (if the plastic hygiene strip has been removed). Additionally, gift cards are non-refundable.
For details on how best to return items, please see the Delivery & Returns section of the website.
Company
Company Information
Welcome to Jigsaw’s online store. Please read through our terms and conditions carefully before placing an order. By using our website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions outlined below. Please also read our privacy statement regarding any personal information that you may provide us with.
Jigsaw is the trading name of Robinson Webster (Holdings) Limited. The company is registered in England and Wales, under company number 01069599. We are a retailer selling clothing and accessories for women. From 1 Nov 2020 our VAT registration number changed to 361 0311 50 (our company number stayed the same).
Our registered address is: 159 Mortlake Road, Richmond, Surrey. TW9 4AW.
Please note this is not the address for returning product. Returning product to this address will have a significant impact on the time it takes to process your return.
Online Ordering
Invitation to Treat
You will only be charged for any goods ordered at the point when these goods are ready for despatch from Jigsaw to you. Payment is not taken when you place the order. All items offered for sale by Jigsaw on our website are offered on an ‘invitation to treat’ basis. This means that, by placing an order, Jigsaw is not committed to provide the goods requested. We accept your order at the time we despatch the goods to you. This represents the moment where a ‘contract of sale’ is made between Jigsaw and you. Please note actual contracts of sale will not be filed or accessible. All contracts are concluded in English.
Site Content & Use
Every care is taken to ensure all information we provide on this website is correct and up-to-date. This includes:
product descriptions and specifications
pricing and delivery charges (please see specific pricing section below for further information)
the use of photographic images to show accurate product detail and colour. Please note that the product colours you see will depend on your monitor’s ability to read these colours. We cannot guarantee that your monitor's evaluation of product colour will accurately reflect the product upon delivery.
consistency of product pricing across all our distribution channels
availability of stock. Please note, whilst every effort is made to maintain the accuracy of our information on available stock, on occasion discrepancies may occur. Should you place an order for an item displayed as available on our website and this item is in fact out of stock, we will notify you as soon as possible.
At any given time information posted on our website may be subject to inaccuracy or may be out of date. All content provided on the site is subject to change without prior notice.
Copyright
Use of this site is subject to the terms and conditions set out above.
The copyright of all materials on this site belong to Robinson Webster (Holdings) Limited (t/a JIGSAW). All rights are reserved. You may read, print or download content for private use only. No content may be used by you or distributed to others for the purpose of commercial gain. Except where your use is permitted above or by copyright law, you may not otherwise copy, store in any medium, distribute, re-transmit, broadcast, modify or show in public any part of this site without prior written permission from Robinson Webster (Holdings) Limited.
JIGSAW is a registered trademark. We may also claim trademark and service mark rights in other marks contained within the pages of this site. Other trade marks and names may be used within the pages of this site to refer to the entities claiming the marks and names of their products. We disclaim any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others.
You must acknowledge that all imagery, graphics, photography, designs, trademarks, brand names and all other intellectual property will remain at Jigsaw and/or will be upheld by their respective owners.
Your Required Information
To purchase from Jigsaw’s website you will need to register a number of details with us. You will be required to provide information about yourself that is up to date and accurate. The key information we will require includes your first name and surname, your e-mail address, your phone number (in case we need to contact you directly about an order query) and your delivery and billing (cardholder) addresses, including accurate postcodes. We will not be able to complete any transactions without the billing address of the credit card used to complete the purchase.
Please take the utmost care when entering the above information in order to help us process your transaction and deliver your goods as quickly as possible.
It is possible to create your own account on Jigsaw’s website. This enables you to store your relevant delivery and contact details securely, so that the purchasing process is easier each time you buy. It is important that you keep this information up to date and that you select the correct information from your account when completing a transaction.
Completing Your Order
Please always double check your order details to confirm you are happy with the quantities and prices of the goods you wish to purchase. Always check you have selected the correct size and colour. Always double-check that you have entered your payment details correctly including card type, card numbers, related dates, registered name, registered address and any security code or password. Please be aware that if incorrect details are entered that your card issuer may withhold funds for several days and we may not be able to get these funds released early.
We have specifically designed the checkout area of our site to show your basket at every step of the process, so it is clearly visible and easy to check at any time. Also, when shopping/browsing throughout the site, we have provided a drop down basket which allows you to check (and remove/add) items in your bag at any stage. Simply click on 'Shopping Bag' at the top right of every page.
Please note that if you use our 'save basket' function, which enables you to log out and return later to complete your purchases, product details and availability may have changed since your last visit. You should always check your basket contents before completing your order.
Please also note that all purchases are subject to availability.
Once we have received your order, we will send you a confirmation e-mail to confirm receipt. This email will provide the core details of your order
and the payment that will be taken from your credit card when the goods are despatched. This confirmation email does not constitute our acceptance of your order or a guarantee that it can be fulfilled. Should we have any queries about your order or have any problems in fulfilling your order, our Customer Service team will contact you directly.
Should you wish to cancel your order, please see the section below on your "Cancellation Rights". Please note, cancellation of an order is not the same as the returns process, should you wish to return any faulty items shipped to you. This is also detailed below in the “Returns” section.
Pricing & Delivery Charges
The prices payable for all items offered on our website are clearly displayed. Our UK website displays prices in pounds sterling, however, in the Check Out you can see prices in approximate euros. All prices are shown inclusive of any selling duties, such as VAT. Your order will be based upon product prices and delivery charges at the time you submit your order.
When items are reduced in price for promotional or sale periods, the new price will be displayed in red with the previous price shown in black with a strikethrough.
Whilst we make every effort to maintain the accuracy of the pricing on our website, the price of an item displayed at the time of your order, may very rarely be inaccurate. We reserve the right to accept or decline an order placed for mis-priced product. Should we be unable to fulfil the order due to a pricing error, we shall contact you regarding the required adjustment and provide you with the opportunity to cancel or accept the order based on the correct pricing. Should an item be reduced to a lower price after an order has been placed but before the merchandise has been delivered, the original order price will be upheld.
The prices shown for items on the website do not include charges for postage and packing (delivery). Delivery charges (p&p) will be added to the total product value of your order based on the delivery service you chose. Information on postage and packaging may be found in the Delivery and Returns section of our website. The cost of our standard delivery service is shown on each individual product page, as well as in the shopping basket and checkout areas of the site.
The Government of Jersey charge 5% GST (Goods and Services Tax) on the majority of goods and services supplied in Jersey for local use, including imports. Orders destined for countries outside of the EU are shipped on a DDU (delivery duty unpaid) basis. Where this is the case, you will need to pay these costs to release your order from customs before it is delivered to you.
Payment, Returns & Cancellations
Payment Methods
Our website accepts credit/debit card payments as well as Klarna, PayPal and Amazon Pay. We currently accept the following cards for payment on our site:
Visa
Mastercard
American Express
Maestro
For all payment methods we will take payment at the time of order. If your order is cancelled you will be automatically refunded. We reserve the right to cancel your order if the transaction does not pass routine fraud checks.
Security
Ensuring that you are able to browse and shop safely on Jigsaw’s website is of paramount importance to us. We have created a secure transactional site and all payment activities are encrypted.
Title & Risk
Items that you order remain the property of Jigsaw until we have received payment in full for those items. Risk and liability for the items pass to you on delivery. Title reverts to Jigsaw in the event that you cancel your order or return items to us. Should you need to return any items to us, liability for these items remains with you until they are received into Jigsaw’s warehouse (the address of which is provided on a pre-printed return address label on the returns form sent out with your original order).
Cancellation Right
Please see the Delivery and Returns section of our website for further details. Rights to Terms and Conditions
Jigsaw reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of Jigsaw Gift Cards at any time; to take appropriate action, including the cancellation of any gift voucher, at its discretion if such action is deemed necessary. This does not affect your legal rights.
Gift Cards
Jigsaw Gift Cards cannot be returned or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights, for example in the event they are not of satisfactory quality.
Jigsaw Gift Cards cannot be exchanged for cash or redeemed against the purchase of another card.
Using Jigsaw Gift Cards
The Jigsaw Gift Card can be redeemed in Jigsaw standalone stores within the UK as well as on our website www.jigsaw-online.com. Unfortunately it cannot be used in any Jigsaw concessions within department stores.
Online Process
When using your Gift Card online, shop as usual and then proceed to the checkout. At the payment page you will be asked to enter your Gift Card details:
-
The 19-digit number on the back of the card
-
The scratch-off PIN number located just above the long number at the back of the card
After that, any remaining balance to pay will update automatically and you will be able to pay it via debit/credit card.
Lost/Stolen/Damaged Jigsaw Gift Cards
Jigsaw will not accept liability if your Gift Card is lost, stolen, destroyed or used without your consent. Jigsaw will not replace the card or any remaining balance outstanding on the card.
Balances and Refunds for online and in-store purchases
Jigsaw Gift Cards can be exchanged for goods of a higher price than the face value of the gift card on payment of the difference in value. If you do not spend the entire value of a Jigsaw Gift Card in one transaction, the remaining balance will remain on the gift card to be used for further purchases.
If you decide to exchange a product in a Jigsaw stand-alone store, which has been purchased using a Jigsaw Gift Card for an item of lesser value, the balance in value will be credited in the form of a further Jigsaw Gift Card or credit note.
If a refund or partial refund is given for any purchase made using a Jigsaw Gift Card and another method of payment (where the value of the purchase was greater than the value of the gift card), the refund will be given firstly to the other method of payment used (debit/credit card or cash if purchased in store) and any remaining balance will be refunded in the form of a new Jigsaw Gift Card.
For online purchases, we will automatically send you a new gift card to your billing address for the remaining value of the refund, after your credit / debit card has been refunded for the amount paid originally.
Validity
Jigsaw Gift Cards will remain valid for 24 months from the date of issue. Any unused Gift Cards will be cancelled on expiry of the validity period.
Discounts, Promotional Codes And Competitions
REDEEMING A DISCOUNT OR VOUCHER CODE ONLINE OR IN STORE
All Catalogue and welcome codes will not be valid to use from 25th Nov - 30th Nov due to Black Friday offers. Please note all catalogue and welcome codes will be valid for use after this point on full price items only.
Unless specified otherwise in the original communication, the voucher code may only be used once.
The voucher is intended for the original email recipient only.
This voucher is valid online and in stand-alone stores (not concessions or via their related websites) on full-price items only.
For online purchases, the voucher can only be redeemed at www.jigsaw-online.com.
Only one voucher can be used per transaction.
Jigsaw is not responsible for the content of third-party voucher code websites. If the details shown there are incorrect Jigsaw will not be able to honour the discount. For example Jigsaw will not be able to honour the discount beyond the date stated in these Terms and Conditions.
All current live voucher codes (at 9th Feb 2018 and until further notice) can only be used as discounts against full price items and will always exclude the purchase of gift cards and shipping costs.
Discounts cannot be used in conjunction with other promotions or discounts in the same order.
The voucher discount amount will be deducted at the checkout. It is the customer's responsibility to present the voucher in store, or to enter the voucher code on the ‘Shopping Bag’ page on the website (in the ‘I have a promotion code’ box).
Jigsaw will not refund a discount to an order retrospectively.
There is a minimum spend equivalent to the value of the voucher. i.e. if you have a voucher worth £20, the minimum spend is £20. (There is no minimum spend for % off discounts unless specified in the original communication.)
The voucher expiry date is shown on the original communication and we will not be able to accept the voucher after that time.
No cash alternatives will be given for the value of this voucher.
If you are purchasing more than one item in a transaction in which the voucher is used, a proportion of the voucher’s value will be discounted from each item. As a result, when single items are refunded from a multiple item purchase in store or online, a proportion of the £20 voucher code will be lost and cannot be re-issued. Please see the example below which explains how the discount value is applied and refunded:
•
You buy three items which cost £20, £30 and £50 before any discount is applied.
•
A £20 discount is applied according to the items’ values so £4, £6 and £10 are deducted from the three items respectively which means that you paid £16, £24 and £40 for your items (a total of £80).
•
If you return the item that cost £30, you will only be refunded £24 for this item because of the way the discount is applied. We are unable to then apply that lost £6 to another item in this order, or to provide the discount on a subsequent order, or to offer an exchange for online orders. The discount applied to remaining items remains the same.
•
Please note that this method of calculating the refund is due to the configuration of systems beyond our control and is not an intentional limitation.
A direct like-for-like exchange can be completed in stores only, which will include the original discount; however, if exchanging for a different product or the same product at a different price, you will lose the voucher value and the exchange will be completed based on the refund calculations above, where some of the discount is lost.
If in doubt about any of these terms, please contact us at enquiries@jigsaw-uk.co.uk or on +44 (0)20 8392 5603 before placing your order.
Jigsaw reserves the right to alter, amend or withdraw any voucher or discount offer without prior notice in the event that unforeseen circumstances make this unavoidable.
Online Free UK Delivery code
From time to time we will offer Free UK Delivery using a promotional code. These offers are sent to selected customers by email.
There is no minimum spend and the offer applies to all orders placed using our Standard Delivery method.
This offer applies to UK residents only and is subject to availability. It is the responsibility of the customer to select the correct postage option at checkout and to enter the promotional code.
No cash alternative will be given. This offer applies to online orders only. Jigsaw has the right to amend, cancel or withdraw this promotion at any time.
Creators Social Competition
JIGSAW Competition (the “competition”)
Who are we?
This competition is organised and run by Robinson Webster (Holdings) Limited (hereinafter “Jigsaw”) 159 Mortlake Road, Richmond, Surrey TW9 4AW.
Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
Entry into the competition constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) and any decision reached by Jigsaw, which are final and binding in all matters related to this competition.
Jigsaw reserves the right to cancel or amend competition details (including but not limited to the prizes or end date of the competition) or the Terms (including the eligibility requirements) at its sole discretion with or without prior notice (i) in the event of any occurrence outside Jigsaw's reasonable control (ii) to ensure the competitions are run in a fair and honourable manner, and (iii) to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations and guidance.
Entry requirements
The competition starts on 4th December 2020 and will close at 11.59pm on 24th December 2020 (the “competition period”).
In order for their entry to be valid under clause 5 below, entrants must satisfy the “Eligibility” requirements at clause 4 below.
There is no purchase necessary for entry. You do not have to have bought from Jigsaw in order to win the prize.
Eligibility
Entry to the competition is only open to persons who are:
Individual persons, not groups or corporations
Residents of the UK
Aged 18 and over
Not an employee of the Jigsaw Group or an immediate relative/partner
By entering this competition you hereby warrant that all information submitted by you is true, current and complete. Jigsaw reserves the right to verify the eligibility of all entrants and disqualify an entrant for submitting false information.
How to enter the competition
Like specific Instagram post (posted on 5th December) and follow @insidejigsaw and creators’ profiles on Instagram.
Tag a friend in the comments using their Instagram handle
Make sure they are following @insidejigsaw and have liked the specific post (posted on 5th December)
Each participant may make multiple entries during the competition, however there will only be one prize awarded.
Each participant may share the post on their stories for an extra entry
Jigsaw may, in its absolute discretion, disqualify any individual who tampers with the entry process, submits an entry that is not in accordance with the Terms or is incomplete or illegible, or who has in the opinion of Jigsaw, engaged in unlawful or improper conduct that is designed to, or is likely to, adversely affect the fair and proper conduct of the competition or is generally damaging to the goodwill or reputation of Jigsaw.
All entries must be received by Jigsaw during the competition period or they will be void. Jigsaw will not accept responsibility for:
Competition entries that are lost, mislaid, damaged or delayed in transit, regardless of cause, including, for example, as a result of any postal failure, equipment failure, technical malfunction, systems, satellite, network, server, computer hardware or software failure of any kind; or
Any change in dates, times or cancellations or other arrangements that may prevent a winner from accepting, taking or using a prize;
Proof of posting or transmission as proof of receipt of entry to the competition.
Judging Criteria
Each entrant selected as a potential winner must comply with these Terms and winning is contingent upon fulfilling all such requirements.
Jigsaw’s Marketing Team (the “Panel”) will choose one winner, at random, from the valid entries after the expiration of the competition period.
The decision of the Panel in relation to the conduct of the competition, including the selection of winning entries, is binding and conclusive and no correspondence will be entered into.
No information regarding entries or judging will be disclosed to any third party not involved in the conduct of the competition.
Main prize
The winner shall be entitled to receive:
One of each of the items:
The Ede Store Nirvana body oil,
Evermore Flore Candle,
Maya Njie Nordic Cedar Eau De Parfum,
Lunaria Golden Hour Dried Wreath,
Rosa Wiland Holmes Clay Pair,
Jigsaw Leather Kenton Bag in Kingfisher Blue
Prize is non-transferrable and cannot be exchanged for cash value. Jigsaw reserves the right to substitute the prize with a prize of equal or greater value.
Winner Notification
The winner shall be notified by email within ten (10) business days of expiration of the competition period.
If the winner is found to be ineligible or if any potential winner does not comply with the Terms, then the winner may, in Jigsaw’s sole discretion, be disqualified and an alternate prize winner will be selected.
If Jigsaw receives an “undeliverable email” notification or the winner does not acknowledge Jigsaw’s communication within two (2) days of the initial email identifying them as the winner, they will be deemed to have forfeited their right to the prize and an alternate entrant will be selected in his or her place from all entries received.
Your personal information
By providing your details, you agree that Jigsaw will use your details to keep you informed of products, relevant offers and other marketing communications (which you can unsubscribe from at any time).
Jigsaw will also use your email address to contact you for administrative purposes relating to this competition.
Jigsaw will keep your personal information safe and will not disclose it to anyone else and will use your personal information in accordance with the privacy policy available on its website.
You may ask us to stop contacting you at any time by contacting us at enquiries@jigsaw-uk.co.uk or Robinson Webster (Holdings) Limited, 159 Mortlake Road, Richmond, Surrey TW9 4AW.
Varying the Competition
In the event that Jigsaw cancels, amends or varies the competition/prizes in accordance with clause 2 above, it is not:
Liable to any person for any costs, loss or damage whatsoever arising out of, or in connection with, such cancellation, variation or withdrawal; or
Required to conduct the competition at any other time.
You enter the Competition at your own risk
With the exception of liability which cannot be excluded by law, Jigsaw is not liable for, and you release Jigsaw from, liabilities relating to any direct or indirect loss or damage which is suffered, or for personal injury or sickness suffered or sustained, as a result of entering the competition, failing to win, winning, accepting or using a prize.