http://www.schneidercams.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Clothing and GearCamshaftsComponent KitsLifters / FollowersSpringsRetainersValve LocksPushrodsTiming ChainsMisc ComponentsTools and EquipmentEngine LubricantsOther ServicesGarage Sale
Email Address:
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Open Policy on the Issue of Privacy:
We
at Schneider Racing Cams adhere to a strict professional code of ethical
conduct in the handling of your personal information. Read below to
review how we safeguard your relationship with us.
The Information We Collect
This
notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the schneidercams.com website whether from customers or prospects. On some
pages, you can order products, make requests, and submit comments and questions. The types of personal information collected at these pages
are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit Card Information
The Way We Use Information
We
use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order
only to complete that order, to contact you with regard to your order,
to respond to email inquires, to participate in chat room discussions,
or to send an email newsletter. We do not share this information with
outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We
use the information you provide about someone else when placing an
order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share
this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to
complete that order.
We use return email addresses to
answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other
purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can
register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter
as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you
submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill
out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and
aggregate information to better design our website and to share with
advertisers but we would not disclose anything that could be used to
identify individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the
personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways
unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data
Security
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the
correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct
Your Information
You
can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by accessing Your Account on any page. You can
correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by
editing it online. To protect your privacy and security, we require
that you select a password, and then log on using that password to
access or change your information.
How To Contact Us
Should
you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please call us at (619) 297-0227 or send us an email at jerryc@schneidercams.com
Email Address:
Password:
You will be prompted to enter your password on the next page
Create an account
Forgot Password?
Your cart is empty.
Home | About Us | Contact Us | My Account | Shipping Policy | Return Policy | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Cart Help
© 2010 Schneider Racing Cams