http://www.softpaws.com/help/
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
Brands
SoftPawsRatherbeeVee EnterprisesYeowww!Super Happy PetsWest PawZanies
View all brands
Additional Information
Home
7 Ways Pets Make Humans Happier
Are Laser Toys OK for Cats and Dogs?
Aspirin Poisoning in Cats
Autumn Safety Tips for Dogs
Canine Leptospirosis
Cat Home Grooming Tips
Cats and Christmas Trees: How to End the Love Affair
Causes, Signs, and Treatment of Stress in Cats
Clicker Training for Dogs
Common Household Poisonings in Pets
Cookies Policy
Dental Health Care for Pets
Destressing Vet Visits for Your Cat
Does My Cat Need a Grooming Appointment?
Does Your Cat Have Separation Anxiety?
Dog Bite Prevention Techniques
Dog Training 101: General Tips for Successful Dog Training
Free Shipping on Orders over $49!
General Anesthesia and Your Pet
Green Pet Care
Hairballs: What Are They and Why Do Cats Get Them?
Heartworm in Dogs: What You Need to Know
Help for Dogs That Drag Their Nails
How Much Should My Cat Sleep?
How Soft Paws® Can Help Ease Introductions
How Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Kids
How to Behave at the Dog Park
How to Clean a Litter Box
How to Exercise a Cat
How to Give Your Pet a Pill
How to Keep Your Cat Off the Counter
How to Play with Your Cat: Interactive Is Best
How to Spruce up Old Cat Toys
Hyperthyroidism in Cats: How to Recognize and Treat It
Is My Dog Bored?
Is My Dog Sick?
Leash Walking Your Dog: Basic Tips and Benefits
Microchipping: What Is It and Why Should You Do It?
New York Becomes First State to Ban Declawing
People Who Are Allergic to Cats: How to Deal with Cat Allergies
Privacy Policy
Should Dogs Play Tug-of-War?
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter - Action Needed
Soft Paws® Can Help a Cat Adjust to a New Cat in the Home
Soft Paws® Can Help Dogs with Painful Ear Infections
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Door Frames and Walls from Cat Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect People on Blood Thinners and Others from Pet Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help with Dogs That Jump
Soft Paws® May Help People with Diabetes Keep Their Pets
Summer Water Safety Tips for Dogs
Summertime Dog Safety
Terms and Conditions
The Benefits of Adopting an Adult Dog
The Meanings of 6 Strange Dog Behaviors
Tips for Giving a Cat a Bath
Tips for Mixing House Guests and Canine Family Members at Thanksgiving
Tips for Using Soft Paws Adhesive
Ways to Make Your Indoor Cat Super Happy
What Is Feliway and How Does It Work?
Why Do Cats Knock Things Off Shelves?
Why Do My Cat's Claws Shed?
Why Does My Cat Play in the Food and Water Bowls?
Why Does My Cat Rub His Face on Things?
4 Common Cat Training Mistakes
About Soft Paws
About Soft Paws for Cats
About Soft Paws for Dogs
Application Instructions
Application Instructions for Cats
Application Instructions for Dogs
Articles
Cat Scratching, Declawing, and Rentals: How to Talk with Your Landlord About Declawing
Don't Ignore These Signs of Illness in Your Kitten!
Facts About Cat Claws That Relate to the Use of Soft Paws
Fascinating Facts About Cat Claws
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Cat
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Dog
How Can I Keep Soft Paws® on My Pet?
How to Towel Wrap Your Cat
How to Trim Your Dog's Nails
Increase Your Bond with Your Cat with Soft Paws®
Kitty Cat April/May Color Combos
Kitty Cat August/September Color Combos
Kitty Cat December/January Color Combos
Kitty Cat February/March Combos
Kitty Cat January/February Color Combos
Kitty Cat July/August Color Combos
Kitty Cat June/July Color Combos
Kitty Cat March/April Color Combos
Kitty Cat May/June Color Combos
Kitty Cat November/December Color Combos
Kitty Cat October/November Color Combos
Kitty Cat September/October Color Combos
Pets Other Than Dogs and Cats That Can Wear Soft Paws®
Puppy Dog April/May Color Combos
Puppy Dog August/September Color Combos
Puppy Dog December/January Color Combos
Puppy Dog February/March Combos
Puppy Dog January/February Color Combos
Puppy Dog July/August Color Combos
Puppy Dog June/July Color Combos
Puppy Dog March/April Color Combos
Puppy Dog May/June Color Combos
Puppy Dog November/December Color Combos
Puppy Dog October/November Color Combos
Puppy Dog September/October Color Combos
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Cats
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Dogs
Questions/Answers
Size Guidelines for Cats
Size Guidelines for Dogs
Soft Paws Application Video
Soft Paws® Myths: Busted
Soft Paws®: The Quick and Cheap Declawing Alternative
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Testimonials cats Page 10
Testimonials cats Page 11
Testimonials cats Page 12
Testimonials cats Page 13
Testimonials cats Page 14
Testimonials cats Page 15
Testimonials cats Page 16
Testimonials cats Page 17
Testimonials cats Page 18
Testimonials cats Page 2
Testimonials cats Page 3
Testimonials cats Page 4
Testimonials cats Page 5
Testimonials cats Page 6
Testimonials cats Page 7
Testimonials cats Page 8
Testimonials cats Page 9
Testimonials Dogs Page 2
Testimonials Dogs Page 3
Testimonials Dogs Page 4
Testimonials Dogs Page 5
Testimonials Dogs Page 6
Testimonials Dogs Page 7
Testimonials Dogs Page 8
Thank you for your subscription
Trimming Your Cat's Claws
Things Landlords Should Know Before Requiring a Tenant to Declaw Their Cat
Use Soft Paws® for Life Transitions
Using Soft Paws® Can Increase Your Bond with Your Cat
Using Soft Paws® for Your Pet's Medical Problems
Using Soft Paws® on the Go
Veterinarians & Groomers
Ways Soft Paws® Can Help an Older Dog
What Size Cat & Dog
Why Do Cats Pee on Their Human's Bed?
About Us
Cat Gallery - Page 2
Cat Gallery - Page 3
Cat Gallery - Page 4
Cat Gallery - Page 5
Cat Gallery - Page 6
Contact Us
Dog Gallery - Page 2
Dog Gallery - Page 3
Help
Testimonials Page 2
Testimonials Page 3
Testimonials Page 4
Testimonials Page 5
Testimonials Page 6
Testimonials Page 7
Testimonials Page 8
Testimonials Page 9
Blog
Shipping & Returns
RSS Syndication
Site Information
Loading... Please wait...
Original, Authentic Soft Paws®
Made in the USA.
Accept No Imitations!Free Shipping on orders over $49 (some restrictions apply)
Home
About
FAQs
Articles
Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
Sign in or Create an account
View Cart
Search
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
HomeHelp
ORDER SOFT PAWS® CATS
ORDER SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories
What Size?
Application Instructions
Questions/Answers
About Soft Paws
Articles
Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
Help
Order Status
Has my order shipped? How do I track it?
As long as you provided a valid email address when you placed your order, you should receive an email confirmation that your order has shipped along with its associated tracking number.
How do I change quantities or cancel an item?
At the bottom of the page under My Account, click Order Status to make sure your order has not yet shipped. If you have not already signed in, you will be prompted to enter your email and password. If your order has not shipped, you may send us a message requesting a change to your order or order status by clicking View Messages on the left side of your screen. There you may send us a message regarding your unshipped order. Alternatively, you may contact our office at 1-800-989-2542 to request a change to your order.
My order never arrived.
If your tracking number indicates that your package was delivered but you have not received it, please allow another business day for delivery as sometimes the Post Office will mark a package delivered just prior to the actual delivery day. If on the next business day you still have not received your order after your normal delivery time, contact our office at 1-800-989-2542 so we may verify that your shipping address is correct.
An item is missing from my shipment. My product is missing components.
Please contact us using our easy web form.
When will my backorder arrive?
If your item is backordered, we will ship it immediately upon receiving it in our office. From the date of shipment, your item will arrive within 7 business days for USPS 1st Class mail, or 2-5 business days for Priority Mail, or 1-3 business days for Express mail. UPS Ground arrives within seven business days.
My Account
How do I create an account?
Near the top right corner of the website, click Create an account. Follow the instructions on the screen.
How do I edit my account information?
Near the top right corner of the webpage, click Sign in. Enter the email address and password associated with the account, and click Sign In. On the left under Manage Your Account, click Your Account Details. Click Update My Details when finished.
How much is my shipping?
After you have added items to your cart, click View Cart near the top right corner of the webpage. Enter your Billing and Shipping details. Your shipping options will appear, complete with cost and approximate delivery time.
I forgot my password.
Near the top right corner of the site, click Sign in. Below the fields for email and password, click Forgot your password?. Enter the email address associated with the account, and click Continue. A message will be delivered shortly in order to verify your email address. Follow the instructions to request a new password.
How do I return my product?
See Shipping & Returns.
I received the wrong product.
Please contact us using our easy web form.
When will my order ship?
All orders will be shipped within two business days. Business days are Monday through Friday with the exception of US Holidays. Priority, Express and UPS orders will be shipped the same day if received during regular business days BEFORE 2:30PM Pacific Time. If you place an order over the weekend with Priority, Express or UPS shipping, or on a postal holiday, your order will be shipped the next business day as described above. For all shipping methods except overnight services, keep in mind that the postal carrier does not count the pickup day as a shipping day. Rather, the next business day following the pickup of the package will count as the first shipping day.
See Shipping Policy for additional information.
Guarantees
Soft Paws Five Star Guarantee
We stand behind our product and respect our customers. Without you, where would we be? We have an absolute commitment to providing you with a pleasant and safe shopping experience. If there is anything we can do to make that experience better, please let us know. Contact Us
Quality and Safety
Soft Paws was developed by veterinarian Dr. Wexler, to provide a safe, effective and easy-to-use solution to cat scratching problems. This is the original Soft Paws®—a product you can trust.
Customer Service
Taking care of our customers is our primary focus. We constantly strive to provide the best service possible. Please feel free to let us know how we may better serve you.
Incredible Selection
We provide the largest selection of colors and sizes. We also create new colors that are exclusive to our site to give you varied options to suit your color preferences and for holidays and special occasions. We are committed to bringing you the product you want. Feel free to let us know what you would like.
Privacy and Security
You can rest assured that your shopping experience will be safe and secure. We use state-of-the-art, high security, 256 bit SSL encryption by GeoTrust as well as trusted credit card protection. We also respect your privacy. We will never rent, sell or distribute your information to other companies. We hate it when people do that to us.
Money Back
If you are not satisfied, we will refund the purchase price. See Return Policy.
Privacy Policy and Security
See Terms/Conditions/Privacy.
Pricing and Billing
Do I have to pay sales tax?
Customers only have to pay sales tax if their billing address is in the state of California.
I have a question regarding my charges.
Please contact us using our easy web form.
I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.
Please contact us using our easy web form.
When will my credit/refund appear on my account?
When we initiate a refund request, it can take your credit card company anywhere from 7-30 days to process and post the refund to your account.
When will my credit card be charged?
Your credit card will be charged immediately upon placing your order through our website. Typically it takes around 24 hours for the transaction to settle.
Buyer's Guide
How do I buy/redeem a gift certificate?
Near the top of the website, click Gift Certificates. Enter the required information, then click Add Gift Certificate to Cart.
How do I find my product?
If you are looking for a specific product, try searching the site using the Search box near the top right corner of the site. You can also view the products by category by clicking on Soft Paws® Cats, Soft Paws® Dogs, or Accessories/Toys.
How do I navigate the site?
To reach the home page, click the SoftPaws.com icon in the top left corner of the page. You may search for products and pages using the Search box near the top right corner of the site. To view products by category, our Photo Gallery, or Testimonials, click on any of the associated links in the main navigation menu near the top of the site. You may also click on any of the image shortcuts on the home page to reach the related page. At the bottom of the site, you will find links to additional pages, including support and company information.
How do I use a coupon?
On the checkout page, scroll down below your items to the bottom of the page. Enter your coupon code in the Coupon Code box, and click Go.
How do I use a gift certificate?
On the checkout page, scroll down below your items to the bottom of the page. Enter your gift certificate code in the Redeem Gift Certificate box, and click Go.
Additional Support
About Soft Paws®
See About Us.
Sizing Guidelines
See Sizing Guidelines for Cats and Dogs.
Application Instructions
See Application Instructions for Cats and Dogs.
Contact Us
Please contact us using the web form, or call 1-800-989-2542.
Disclaimer: This website is not intended to replace professional consultation, diagnosis, or treatment by a licensed veterinarian. If you require any veterinary related advice, contact your veterinarian promptly. Information at SoftPaws.com is exclusively of a general reference nature. Do not disregard veterinary advice or delay treatment as a result of accessing information at this site.
Sign up for the Soft Paws Newsletter:
Click Here
Company Information
About Us
Testimonials
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
My Account
Login/Register
Order Status
Affiliates
Become an Affiliate
Customer Service
Free Shipping Offer
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Help
FAQs
Products
Soft Paws® Cats
Soft Paws® Dogs
Supplies
Gallery
Cat Gallery
Dog Gallery
*Soft Paws ® is a trademark for Soft paws nail caps for cats and dogs of Soft Paws Inc., Lafayette, LA. Patent No. 4,962,731. Made in USA.All Rights Reserved Website © AQUANTA LLC 2020