http://www.ntwonline.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
Search
×
mail_outline Contact us
account_circleSign In
Cart0
Search
×
Search
×
Main Menu
menuShop products
Heavy Shipping
Financing
Tires And Wheel Package Builder
Returns, Warranties and Shipping Info
Readers Rides
Brands
Specials And Rebates
Garage Sale
Shop by Category
Tire and Wheel Package Builder
Tire and Wheel Packages
Wheels
Tires
Suspension
4x4 Parts and Accessories
Garage Sale
Shop by Brand
Fuel Off-Road Tires and Wheels
Rough Country Suspension
Vision Wheel
XD Wheels
Moto Metal Wheels
Hostile Wheel
Skyjacker Suspension
Pro Comp Tires and Wheels
Mayhem Wheels
ION Wheels
View all Brands
Shop By Category
Tire and Wheel Package Builder
Tire and Wheel Packages
4x4 Tire and Wheel Packages
Dually Tire & Wheel Packages
Jeep Tire & Wheel Packages
Wheels
Dually Wheels
Wheel Accessories
Dually Wheels Accessories
Tires
Suspension
Suspension Lift Kits
Leveling Kits
Steering
Components
Leaf and Coil Springs
Shocks and Struts
Body Lift Kits
4x4 Parts and Accessories
DriveTrain
Exterior
Armor and Skid Plates
Bumpers and Tire Carriers
Cover
Door
Fender Flares
Grills
Hood and Windshield
Racks and Roll Bars
Steps and Running Boards
Tonneau Covers & Bed Protection
Tops and Acc
Towing
Interior
Entry Guards
Floor Mats & Floor Liners
Grab Bar and Handles
Interior Accessories
Seats
Lighting
Performance
Winch
Garage Sale
Garage Sale Tires
Garage Sale Parts and Accessories
Garage Sale Wheels
Wheel Sets
Single Wheels
Garage Sale Suspension
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Use of Information: We reserve the right, and you authorize us, to the use and assignment of all information regarding Site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Services: We allow access to or advertise third-party merchant sites ("Merchants") from which you may purchase or otherwise obtain certain goods or services. You understand that we do not operate or control the products or services offered by Merchants. Merchants are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing and customer service. We are not a party to the transactions entered into between you and Merchants. YOU AGREE THAT USE OF SUCH MERCHANTS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE.
Third-Party Merchant Policies: All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of Merchants will apply to you while on such sites. We are not responsible for information provided by you to Merchants. We and the Merchants are independent contractors and neither party has authority to make any representations or commitments on behalf of the other.
Privacy Policy: At National Tire & Wheel your privacy is our top priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalized experience on our site. Our site uses a 256 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customer’s information. However, we at National Tire & Wheel, do not guarantee complete security on stored information, however, we have installed and applied our encrypted pages and installed our SSL certificate to prevent stolen information.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?: When you become an National Tire & Wheelcustomer, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and e-mail address. National Tire & Wheel will on occasion share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis to help us better assist you. Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment. Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used for several security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and in fact you are paying with your credit cards and not someone using your stolen credit cards.
Refer-A-Friend: If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. National Tire & Wheel does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Our Use of Log Files: When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.
Site Security: All National Tire & Wheel employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information is limited to key management personnel and our member services department. The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis. Our site uses a 256 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customer’s information.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information: After becoming an National Tire & Wheel customer you may correct/update your personal information by clicking on the 'My Account' link at the top of any page, entering your ID, password when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact our member services group through the 'Contact Us' section.
Links to Other Sites: This Web site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving theNational Tire & Wheel site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication: From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our News Letters, they will contain promotional materials from National Tire & Wheel.
Legal Disclaimer: Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
×
OK
Get the latest news on NTWOnline.com
Email Address
Store
Tire Terminology
Product Warranty
Dealer Accounts
Suspension Glossary
Spring Tech
Lift Kit Basics
Tire Safety
Tire Fitment Guide
Gearing for Taller Tires
Tire Specifications
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Visit our Help Center
Contact Support
CONTACT US
room
National Tire & Wheel
5 Garden Court
Wheeling WV 26003
mail_outlineContact us
SALES & TECHNICAL INFO
call800-847-3287
Customer Service
call800-391-1113
info@ntwonline.com
Fax 304-233-2286
OFFICE HOURS
Telephone Hours:
(Mon-Fri 8am-6pm EST)
(Sat Closed)
(Sun Closed)
Walk-in Hours:
(Mon-Fri 8am-5pm EST)
(Sat Closed)
(Sun Closed)
Connect with Us:
ONLINE SECURITY
Copyright © 2020 National Tire & Wheel. All rights reserved.
©
National Tire & Wheel
|
Sitemap