http://www.spandexworld.com/privacy-statement
Login
Cart 0
Support
(212) 391-2310
Home
Privacy Statement
Pages
About UsContact usQuick Help/FAQPrivacy StatementInternational order/return policySample PolicyKnowledge CenterDomestic order/return policyTerms and Conditions
Site Map
About us
FAQ/Help
International order/return policy
Domestic order/return policy
Spandex knowledge center
AS OF JULY, 2016
Spandex World Inc. ensures that your privacy is protected when using our online, phone or email services. This privacy policy states how and why we collect your information and how we use the information that we collect.
Note: Spandex World Inc. holds the rights to make changes to this privacy policy without any prior notice. Therefore, please refer back to this privacy policy to review any changes.
Any questions regarding our Privacy Policy should be directed to contact at Spandex World Inc. at info@spandexworld.com or alternatively see the section "Comments" below.
Your acceptance of these Privacy Statement terms
By using any of the sites within our web site network ("Web Sites") or our Services, you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
What Data We Collect
We collect the following information to identify and personalize each customer to provide a better shopping experience:
Personal Information: Name, Email, Contact number
Demographic Information: Zip code/Postal Code, Street Address, City and other relevant informations.
How Do We Use Your Data?
We need your information for the following purposes:
To create your personal account at Spandex World.
We use your Name, Address and Credit Card information to process your orders.
For order related inquiries and concerns, we use your email or contact number.
Send you information about sales or other promotional announcements.
How is credit card information processed and stored?
We transfer credit card information securely to our
server in order to process payment.
We store credit card information securely with industry
standard encryption.
We charge credit card after order has been processed
and ready to be shipped.
Once payment has been processed, we remove credit card
information only storing last four (4) digits for reference purpose only.
Log files/IP addresses
When you place order through our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) We use IP addresses only to help us administer our Web Sites and prevent from improper.
Non personal information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are files, including unique identifiers that are sent by web servers to web browsers. Cookies can be used to identify and track users. We use cookies for the following reasons:
i) To identify who you are and to access your account information;
ii) Cookies enable us to monitor which pages you find useful and which not
iii) To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
iv) To track preferences and to improve website’s usability
Note [You can change your browser settings if you choose not to accept cookies]
Spandex World Inc. will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Spandex World Inc. may disclose aggregate statistics about our sales, our Web Site visitors to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
Spandex World Inc. may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Spandex World Inc. and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.
Information about products and services
It is very important to us that we provide you with the highest level of service. In order to help us do this, from time to time Spandex World Inc. may send you details of our products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If at any time you do not wish to receive these details, please e-mail us at sales@spandexworld.com or click the unsubscribe link on any of the marketing email from us.
Security
Spandex World Inc. places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to user information. With regard to our Web Sites, we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt financial information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
We also have various third-party security auditing and monitoring to keep our server secured from various vulnerability.
Where is the information stored?
Information which you submit via our Web Sites or our telephone services is stored in our Data Server. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you any information you have requested.
Any Question or Concerns?
Please e-mail any questions, concerns or comments you have about our Privacy Policy to info@spandexworld.com or contact us at:
Spandex World Inc.
48-41 Van Dam St.
Long Island City, NY 11101
Phone: (212) 391-2310
Fax: (212) 391-2383