http://www.orientalruggallery.com/privacy-notice
Home
Create
Create Rug Instructions
Create a rug!
How rugs are made in Nepal
Get the App
Rug Portfolio
Shop
Sale Rugs
Contemporary Rugs
Traditional rugs
Araks
Gelim Flatweaves
Kazak
Tapestry
Metallic Cow Hides
Silver Washed
Stamp Rugs
Turkish Distressed Rugs
Our services
How we can help
Events and News
Cleaning and Repair
Contact Us
Trade accounts
Trade Price List 2020
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyThis Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@rug-maker.com or by writing to Rug Maker Ltd, 42, Verulam Road, St Albans, Hertfordshire. AL3 4DQ. Alternatively, you can telephone +44 (0) 1727 841046.Who are we?We’re Rug-Maker.com Ltd, a private company limited by shares (no. 531 53 83). The registered address is Bedford Heights, Bedford, MK41 7PH. How do we collect information from you?We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about products and services or to make a payment.What type of information is collected from you?The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. If you make a payment online or purchase a product from us, your card information is not held by us. It is collected by our third party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions, as explained below.How is your information used?We may use your information to:-	process a payment that you have made;-	process orders that you have submitted;-	to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;-	seek your views or comments on the services we provide;-	notify you of changes to our services.We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.Who has access to your information?We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents, subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process payments). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.Third Party Product Providers we work in association with: When you are using our secure online donation pages, your donation is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact us.We may transfer your personal information to a third party if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our supporters and customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.Your choicesYou have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent.How you can access and update your informationThe accuracy of your information is important to us. We’re working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that we hold about you. In the meantime, if you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: info@rug-maker.com or by writing to Rug Maker Ltd, 42, Verulam Road, St Albans, Hertfordshire. AL3 4DQ. Alternatively, you can telephone +44 (0) 1727 841046.You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Rug-Maker.com Ltd holds about you..Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your informationWhen you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected with the following software - Bitlocker on Windows 10 Pro. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. ProfilingWe will not analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences. We will not use your information to market to you.Use of 'cookies'Like many other websites, the Rug Maker website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.16 or UnderWe are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.Transferring your information outside of EuropeAs part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.Review of this PolicyWe keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in 01. 10. 2018.
Rug Maker Ltd42  Verulam RoadSt. Albans HertfordshireAL3 4DQ Tel:01727841046
Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Sat
10:00 am
- 4:00 pm
Friday
Appointment only
Sunday
Appointment only
Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved.
Share by: