http://www.nashvilletoffeecompany.com/ordering-info/policies
SitemapHome
Home
Company
Our Story
Location & Directions
Testimonials
Toffee Making Photos
Products
Almond Toffee
Gourmet Toffee Popcorn
Almond Toffee Crumbles
Chocolate Barks
Premium Chocolate Discs
Chocolate Lover's Packages
Corporate Gifts
Merchandise
Store
Online Store
Curbside Pickup
Ordering Info
Shipping Info
Gift Services
Policies
Ordering Assistance
Resources
Support
Recipes
Where To Find Us Map
FAQ's
News & Events
News
Events
Visit us on YouTube
Blog
Policies
Privacy Statement for Nashville Toffee Company
The Nashville Toffee Company has created this privacy statement in order to let you know of our firm commitment to protecting your privacy as a user of this site. We want to let you know why we ask for certain information, and what we do with the information you (the website user) submit to us through your use of the site.
You will notice if you register as a member on our website that the registration form requires you to give us contact information (such as name, address, and e-mail address). This information will never be sold to or offered to any other outside source. This contact information is only used by our office in order to contact the website member if necessary or to provide requested materials, such as information, products, and services. If you order products through the website, you will also be requested to provide your credit card information. Your credit card billing information is used exclusively by the Nashville Toffee Company only to bill you for the products and services that you have ordered. All of your personal information will always be treated with highest confidentiality.
Our website, Nashvilletoffeecompany.com, uses "cookies" to help make your visit to the site easier and more personal. This just means there is a special connection made between your computer and our system that will allow our system to recognize when your computer returns to our site. By using cookies to keep track of your visits to our site, we are able to provide services such as keeping track of the items in your shopping cart and saving your member password so that you don't have to enter it each time you enter the site.
There may also be online surveys available on our website in which you are invited to participate. Your responses will help us in product development and materials research. Any demographic information (zip code, age, or income level) requested at the time of the survey will only be used as we organize the survey results.
Security Statement & PCI Compliance
The Nashville Toffee Company Website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the material and information under our control.  Nashville Toffee adheres to international PCI (payment card industry) compliance standards for data security. Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) are network security and business practice guidelines adopted by Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Card, and JCB to establish a minimum security standard to protect customer's payment card information. It's a requirement for all merchants that store, transmit, or process payment card information.
Also, be aware that from time to time, our website may contain links to other sites. Nashville Toffee Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Return Policy for Nashville Toffee Company
Service at Nashville Toffee Company begins from the moment you place your order. Your Nashville Toffee product is guaranteed to arrive in perfect condition. Our packaging and shipping practices protect your order, even during the warmest weather. If, for any reason, your order does not arrive in perfect condition or you are not completely satisfied with any of our products, simply return them to us for a prompt, courteous replacement. We will do anything we can, to make your experience with Nashville Toffee a pleasant one!
Public Forums
The Nashville Toffee Company Website, nashvilletoffeecompany.com, provides various public comment and community forum opportunities. If you post any messages to these public forums, please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information. Always exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information on these public forums. Also, be aware that from time to time, someone posting a message or comment may include a link to an external website as part of their message. Nashville Toffee Company is not responsible for any content or material on any website other than Nashville Toffee Website(s), nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of such websites.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please Contact Us.
Main Menu
HomeCompanyProductsStore
Ordering InfoShipping InfoGift ServicesPoliciesOrdering AssistanceResourcesFAQ'sNews & EventsBlog
We Promise...
Contact Us...
Questions?
Call us at 615.232.2410
Toll Free at 888.646.1775
Certified Kosher
All Nashville Toffee Company products are Certified Kosher Dairy
Copyright © 2013-2020 Nashville Toffee Co | Website by MojoMediaPros
Home | Company | Products | Store | Resources | FAQs | News | Blog
Sitemap | Contact Us
Back to Top