http://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/testimonials
Help Topics
Holiday Shipping Information
US Deadlines
Canada Deadlines
International Deadlines
Shipping & Orders
Check Order Status
Shipping (US & Int'l)
Availability
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Digital Downloads
What are Digital Downloads?
Viewing and Printing
System Requirements
Troubleshooting Guide
FAQS
iPad Support
SMP Press
Account Help
Password Reset
Personal Accounts
School and Church Accounts
Purchase Orders
Easy Rebates
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Contact Us
Corporate Contacts
Policies
2+ Pricing
Returns
Low Price Guarantee
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
About Us
Memberships
Testimonials
Features
Gift Certificates
Music Lists
Teacher Resource Center
Level Guidelines
Karaoke Formats
Newsletter Options
Sheet Music Plus Blog
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: Notes
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: List of Basic Musical Symbols
SMP Press
About SMP Press
How to Publish with SMP Press
Legally Arrange Thousands of Copyrighted Songs with SMP Press
General Copyright Guidelines
Copyright Infringement Policy
Arrangements of Copyrighted Works
Arrangements of Public Domain Works
Original Compositions
Mechanical Rights
Commission & Payments
Email SMP Press
Help > Testimonials
Testimonials
See what customers from around the world have to say!
The customers below have given us permission to tell you who they are, where they come from, and what they think of us!
To send us your own thoughts, email us at info@sheetmusicplus.com
"Wonderful service! I have my digital copies and can practice from my I pad! I will also be ordering more music after this weekend! Thanks again!"
- Jean, California, United States
"I have used SheetMusic Plus for years and it is one of the most reliable and easy to use music service I've ever used."
- Rick, Connecticut, United States
"Appreciate the very quick turn around on responses. Also appreciate the very acceptable solution to repair my faux pas of putting the wrong zip code on my order. Thank you so very much. I am and will continue to be a repeat customer."
- Anonymous, Virginia, United States
"Sheet Music Plus has the best selection of sheet music around, and their customer service is AWESOME!! Thank You for all you have done to help me. I am so grateful that I have found a sheet music company that cares what happens to their customers."
- Lynne, Rhode Island, United States
"Just a quick note to say thanks a lot! Excellent service! Speedy delivery from the US to UK. Much cheaper than my local music shop! Yes and that includes shipping from the US to UK. Will be buying all my sheet music from Sheet Music Plus! Only problem is, I wish I knew of Sheet Music Plus years ago...I love Sheet Music Plus."
- Paul, United Kingdom
"Love doing business with you! Thanks for all the years of reliable service."
- Kim, Switzerland
"My son's music arrived yesterday. You saved the day! Thank you for your help and assistance. I greatly appreciate the excellent customer service."
- Christine, United States
"I really appreciate you and the company. Knowing that a real person is available by e-mail to help me when I have a problem is part of why I continue to order all my music from you. Customer service like you just demonstrated is rare."
- Nancy, United States
"I am a member of an a cappella group and am always looking for sheet music. I recently discovered Sheet Music Plus and it is a great resource. They have a wide variety of music, and I can purchase small quantities at affordable rates. That way I don't have to make copies. Keep it up, guys!"
- Scott J., New York, United States
"I have bought many times methods and books from your site and I want to tell you that I am very satisfied by your service, for your earlier responses and by the kindness of your staff. I am client of you and I will be in the future too, for everything I will need. Thank you."
- Papadatos, Greece
"Sheet Music Plus makes it possible for me, a person with disabilities who uses a wheelchair to buy sheet music and all kinds of printed music for myself and students. The option to buy digital sheet music is especially helpful -- getting it when you need it, even during a lesson."
- Joseph L., Connecticut, United States
"I just wanted to take a moment to say thank you for giving me such good service. My last experience with this site met and exceeded my expectations and the service was all together wonderful. Music is the world to so many people including myself as is what you do to keep the music alive. Thank you for all you do."
- Katie C., Indiana, United States
"Sheet Music Plus maintains a very large listing of both contemporary and traditional music...of all genres. Thank you for your vast treasury which seems able to fill every order no matter how arcane."
- Betty W., Texas, United States
"I just got the sheet music that I ordered exactly 3 weeks ago today. Thank you for shipping it promptly. It arrived on time as you had stated and in great condition! Thanks for using sturdy packaging made from recycled paper. I'm glad to see that aside from great service you also show concern for the environment we live in. I feel very confident now about ordering more pieces from you for our choir. Thanks Sheet Music Plus!"
- R. E. dela Cruz, Philippines
"I really appreciate your excellent response and prompt reply to my emails. I always liked getting my orders from Sheet Music Plus and now I feel doubly good about my purchases from you. Your products are always excellent and so is your customer service."
- Phil L., North Carolina, United States
"Thank you for making your website senior-citizen-friendly! I had no trouble ordering. Of course, that means trouble for my bank account, but whatever....! You rock!"
- Jo-Anne J., Michigan, United States
"The greatest of sheet music websites. I've been thrilled for years with their inventory and definitely their service."
- Cecilia K., Washington, United States
"Great company and easy-to-use website! I can always count on Sheet Music Plus for ANY and ALL of my sheet music needs!"
- Houston M., Arkansas, United States
"I continue to recommend Sheet Music Plus to my students and colleagues. I appreciate their growing inventory, competitive prices and good service."
- Tiffany C., California, United States
"Thanks again so very much for making such fine piano books available to us way over here in China. We really appreciate your great service, speed and efficiency of delivery, too!"
- Anonymous, China
"Many thanks for your great service. With a very strong Australian dollar at present, it makes purchasing sheet music so much easier than buying at unbelievable prices in Australia."
- Kylie H., Australia
"Thank you so much for your wonderful service. If only ALL on-line sites were as efficient and good!"
- Julian K., China
"I wouldn't shop anywhere else! Sheet Music Plus prices are excellent as is their delivery service. Being able to browse through their titles and listen to many of the pieces is a distinct advantage."
- Lynn H., United Kingdom
Trustpilot
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products, to assist with promotional and marketing efforts, to analyze our traffic and to provide content from third parties. You consent to our cookies and privacy policy if you continue to use this site. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept Cookies
Close X
By signing up you consent with the terms in our Privacy Policy
I am a music teacher.
Close X