http://www.jumpsport.com/help/return-policy/
Shipping Notice: Tracking information and delivery windows are delayed. Before contacting us, please read our Shipping Updates.
Holiday Hours: MON–FRI 9am–6pm EST, SAT 11am-5pm EST, SUN 12pm-5pm EST
Help Return and Warranty
Home
Support
What is your return policy for Backyard Trampoline products?
If you decide that your Trampoline product is not right for you within 30 days of receipt (exception: Holiday orders placed after 11/20/2020 will be accepted through 01/30/2021), the return process is easy. The product must be in saleable condition, with original packing materials. We will refund your purchase price, minus all actual shipping costs (both to and from your location) and minus a restocking fee equal to 15% of the purchase price. We do not take returns of items under $50.00.
What is your return policy for Fitness Trampoline products?
If you decide that your Fitness product is not right for you within 30 days of receipt (exception: Holiday orders placed after 11/20/2020 will be accepted through 01/30/2021), the return process is easy. The product must be in saleable condition, with original packing materials. We will refund your purchase price, minus return shipping costs (from your location to our return warehouse). A $20 restocking fee may be deducted from your refund for any trampoline boxes and a $10 restocking fee for any accessory boxes. We do not take returns of items under $50.00.
What does not qualify for a refund?
The following types of items do not qualify to be returned for a refund:
Items received damaged or defective goods - we will happily replace such items with the same item at no cost to you.
Promotional items which were provided free of charge.
All items under $50.00 each - such as replacement parts, Anchor Kits, GamePaks, etc. - are not returnable or refundable.
Items returned without prior written authorization (RMA) from JumpSport or returned more than 30 days after delivery of the product(s) to you.
Items attempting to be returned "freight collect."
Items not purchased directly from JumpSport.
Items purchased from AS-IS or CLEARANCE inventory.
How do I return a Backyard or Fitness item?
If you are within 30 days of receipt, to arrange for a return, complete the online Backyard/Fitness RMA Request Form. If you are outside of the 30 days of receipt, and feel this is a warranty issue, please complete the online Warranty Request Form. Once submitted, our team will review your case and contact you within 5 business days regarding next steps. We can help set up a return shipping label for your convenience. Please allow 1–2 weeks for processing, once we receive your returned item(s). The money will be refunded back to the credit card that you used for your original purchase.
Can I refuse to accept delivery or cancel a shipped order?
JumpSport is always concerned about your satisfaction. However, should you decide to cancel a shipment in progress or refuse delivery of an item legitimately ordered from us, then a credit will be issued for the item as provided for in our Return Policy. If you are refusing delivery because the shipment appears damaged, we would prefer that you accept delivery of your item(s), and call us immediately if there is a concern. UPS will still pick up your package to return it to us if they are contacted within 24 hours. Contact our Customer Service department at 1-408-213-2551 to discuss your concerns, and we will do our best to remedy the situation. However, if you still want to return your item(s), we can arrange to have UPS pick them up from you.
What is the warranty period for JumpSport and AlleyOOP products?
The warranty terms and periods of eligibility are differentiated by product and/or component. For your reference, you can see warranty info on the second to last page of your product manual. A summary of our backyard warranty information can be found here. If you no longer have your manual, you can find all manuals here.
How do I submit a Warranty Review Request?
Please make sure your item is still under warranty, as reviewed above, and complete the online Warranty Request Form. Once submitted, our team will review your case and contact you within three business days regarding next steps. Please be sure to completely fill in all information requested, and be sure to attach the Proof of Purchase and photos as required.
*For international customers please reach out to the store or seller your direct purchase was made from. All international re-sellers outside the U.S. or Canada process their own warranties and their customers are subject to their policies.
What is your return policy for Wurf or AlleyOOP Ergonomic products?
If you decide that your Wurf Board, AlleyOOP Rocker Board, Wurf Desk or accessory product is not right for you within 60 days of receipt, the return process is easy. The product must be in saleable condition, include all original parts (such as the pump), and preferably be sent with original packing materials. Once the product has been received and inspected we can refund your purchase price in full. Customers are responsible for return shipping charges. If you prefer to have us arrange a prepaid UPS shipping label, $20 per item will be deducted from your refund for board products, and the actual return shipping costs will be deducted for the desk products. A 15% restocking fee may also be deducted from your refund for desk products.
The following types of items do not qualify to be returned for a refund:
Promotional Wurf products which were provided free of charge.
Wurf products returned without prior written authorization (RMA) from Wurf by JumpSport or returned more than 60 days after delivery of the product(s) to you.
Wurf products attempting to be returned "freight collect."
Wurf products not purchased directly from Wurf by JumpSport.
How do I return a Wurf or AlleyOOP Ergonomics item? Complete the Wurf RMA Request Form.
Missing, Damaged, or Defective Merchandise
JumpSport takes great pride in the products we offer. We are constantly evaluating the quality control of our products, and our packaging and shipping methods. Please inspect all components prior to assembly to insure that you do not have any missing, damaged, or defective parts. If you have a discrepancy, please call Customer Service at 1-408-213-2551 within 5 days of delivery of merchandise, to report any missing, damaged, or defective parts. JumpSport will take prompt action to remedy the situation.
Here's what we will do:
If a part is missing, we will send it to you right away via USPS Priority Mail or UPS Ground (depending on the size of the part).
If a part is damaged or defective, we will send a replacement and provide you with instructions on what to do next. We may request that you dispose of it, or we will arrange to have it picked up at no charge to you. Please keep all original packing materials, in case an item needs to be returned.
JumpSport does not pay for the cost of unauthorized repairs or returns. Please note that unidentifiable or unauthorized returns will be refused. All returns must have a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number issued by JumpSport (see Return Policy above for details).
If you are not assembling your purchase yourself, check to be sure all parts are included and in good condition prior to the scheduling of a third party to assemble your purchase. JumpSport is not responsible for any installation costs incurred as a result of missing, damaged, or defective parts.
Back to Top
Main Help Page
Order Status & Shipping
Free Shipping
Freight Delivery
Other Shipping
Availability & Substitutions
Order Confirmation
Tracking
Order Canceling
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Third Parties
Your Email Address
Website Security
Credit Card
Product Registration
Payment
Payment Options
Card Charges
Sales Tax
Bill Me Later
Bread Financing
Product Questions
Trampolines
Safety Nets
General Questions
Returns and Warranty
Return Policy
RMA Request Form
Warranty Policy
Warranty Request Form
Shipping Damage
Missing Parts
Dealer Locator
Customer Testimonials
Contact Us
×
Get $50 Off Backyard Trampolines or $25 Off Fitness Trampolines
Be the first to get exclusive sales, news, and more straight to your inbox.
Backyard Trampolines
Fitness Trampolines
Shop Backyard Trampolines
Find Replacement PartsTrampoline Safety
Fitness Navigation
Explore Fitness
Shop Fitness Trampolines
Compare Models
Shop Office Movement
Online Fitness Videos
Benefits of Rebounding
Studios & Clubs
More JumpSport Websites
JumpSport Fitness TV Login
JumpSport Fitness Germany
JumpSport Fitness Australia
Local Dealers
Wurf.com
Company
About Us
Blog
Fitness Press
Dealer Locator
AlleyOOP Ergonomics + Wurf
JumpSport Fitness TV
Need Help?
Help / Support
Installation Videos
Backyard User Manuals
Fitness User Manuals
Orders & Shipping
Returns and Warranty
More Info
Backyard Trampoline Sales
Fitness Trampoline Sales
Site Map
Dealer Application
Privacy Policy
Patents
Recall
Contact Us
1-888-567-5867
MON - FRI 9AM-6PM EST
HOLIDAY HOURS:
SAT 11AM-5PM EST
SUN 12PM-5PM EST
Contact Us
COVID-19 Update
Social Media
As protective and as innovative as our safety features are, nothing can replace a parent's watchful eye.
Please ensure that you, or another adult, always supervise your kids while they use a trampoline.†Free Shipping Details ©Copyright 1997-2020 JumpSport, Inc. All rights reserved. Patent and Trademark information at JumpSport.com/Patents
*Your terms may vary and are subject to credit approval. Rates range from 0% APR to 29.99% APR. All Bread® loans are made by Cross River Bank, Member FDIC.