http://www.redmonkeydesigns.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
SHOP CATEGORIES
WATCHES
GUITAR STRAPS
APPLE WATCH BANDS
LEATHER BELTS
CAMERA STRAPS
TRAVEL
LEATHER JEWELRY
LEATHER CUFFS
LEATHER VESTS
NEW FOR 2020
T-SHIRTS
GIFT CARDS
MUSICIANS ROCKING RED MONKEY
Account
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Red Monkey Designs respects the privacy of our customers and website visitors. We make every effort to ensure that your personal information is secure. This policy describes the type of customer information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it.
Please read our policy to understand the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. Should these policies change in the future, we will notify our customers directly via email and by posting policy changes on our website. In this event, you will have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
As a policy, we do not automatically collect personally identifiable data from visitors to this site. Any personal information collected is provided by visitors to our site on a voluntary basis only. We do not track and maintain the identity of visitors of our site, nor do we track any information about our visitors’ use of other sites.
When you make a purchase from redmonkeydesigns.com, we collect your information in order to process your order. We require information such as your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone numbers, and credit card numbers for all sales transactions to ensure secure payment and timely delivery. Red Monkey will send you emails to confirm your order, shipping status and tracking number. We may also contact you by phone, postal mail or email if we have additional questions regarding your order.
When you place an order, your address is automatically added to our mailing list, so that you may be informed of future promotions, sales, and discounts via email and/or postal mail. If you wish to have your name and address removed from our mailing lists, you may contact customer support via email at: rmonkey@redmonkeydesigns.com.
We store your customer information in your secure account database (which is accessible by you via username and password if you sign up for an account) as well as our secure company database (which is accessible only to authorized Red Monkey representatives). We do not share your personal information with any third parties, nor do we sell or rent your contact information or your purchase history to any unaffiliated third party for any reason.
To view, change, or delete your account information, simply log into your account to change your information.
Red Monkey uses cookies to store a session ID. Users can refuse cookies, however, if cookies are disabled, you may not be able to use our website to place your order.
Protecting your order information is important to us. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower right-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), your connection is secure. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from “http” to “https”.
The redmonkeydesigns.com website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites may have different policies regarding privacy. You should review these policies before visiting these sites. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and we provide links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Red Monkey Designs encourages parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to participate in the interactive activities offered on this site. Parents should consider using parental controls tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help supervise their children’s online activities. These tools can help prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information online without parental permission. In accordance with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, no personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email address) will be accepted from children without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this site, you signify your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, you may email us at rmonkey@redmonkeydesigns.com
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.