http://www.oriental-carpets.com/Info/Show/page/1/privacy.html
HomeSearch more than 20,000 rugsAny Questions? FAQ...
English
Deutsch
Español
Português
Info Center
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Terms and conditions
Order Process
Shipping And Methods Of Payment
Right Of Cancellation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy And Data Security
We appreciate your interest in our website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Below we provide detailed information on how we process your data.
Collection and processing of your data
You can visit our website without giving our information about yourself. If you register as a customer, order goods, subscribe to our newsletter or use certain features of our website, only then will we ask you for some personal data. Detailed information about the nature and scope of data collection is available at the respective pages.
Use and disclosure of your data
We use the given data primarily to process orders. For this purpose, if required, your data would be passed on to other companies such as freight forwarders. These companies may use your data for order processing only and not for any other purposes. Only after your consent may we use your e-mail address for sending our newsletters, which you can unsubscribe at any time. The legal basis for the usage of your data is article 6 of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Usage of your data takes place merely upon your consent. We do not transfer your data to third countries.
Right of objection
You can object the use of your data for advertising purposes at any time or revoke your consent to the usage. In this case we would no longer send you promotional e-mails. If you would like to use your right of objection please contact mail@oriental-carpets.com or contact us via our contact form on our website. In compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to demand disclosure, correction, deletion, or restriction of usage of your data, objection against the usage or transmission of your data. You have the right to revoke the consent to use your data at any time. Our website does not use any automated decision making (e.g. profiling) in compliance with European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Use of Cookies
On certain pages of our website, we use cookies to make the use of our site more attractive and to make certain functions of our website possible. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer. Most of the cookies we use are deleted from your hard drive at the end of the browser session (called "session cookies"). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer during your next visit (known as "long term cookies"). Our partner companies are not allowed to collect, process or use personal data on our website using cookies.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.You can set your browser preferences such that you will be informed about any attempt to place cookies on your computer - that you can decide from case to case whether to accept those cookies or - whether to rule out the acceptance of cookies altogether. Should the cookies not be accepted, the functionality of our online store will be restricted. Below is a description of how the popular browsers can be adjusted accordingly:
Internet Explorer 6 and 7: Tools | Internet Options | Privacy | Advanced | Override automatic cookie handling | each -> 'prompt' | OK | OK. When visiting a website which uses cookies, a warning message will appear. After clicking on 'Details' the characteristics and the contents of the cookie will be displayed.
Firefox 2: Tools | Preferences | Privacy | Cookies -> 'cookies' and keep cookies->' ask every time '| OK. When you visit a website that uses cookies a warning message will appear. After clicking on 'View Details' the characteristics and the contents of the cookie will be displayed.
Opera 9: Tools | Preferences | Advanced | Cookies | Before accepting cookies | OK. When you visit a website that uses cookies, a warning message will appear. The text window displays the contents as well as the duration of the cookie.
Data Security
Your personal data will be encrypted using 128-bit SSL v3, RC4, RSA with 1024-bit encryption over the Internet. Credit card data will not be saved, but merely collected and will be processed directly without any intermediate storage by our payment service provider Black Point Arts Internet Solutions. We secure our website and our other systems through technical and organizational measures against loss, destruction, access, modification or dissemination of your personal data by unauthorized persons. Access to your customer account is possible only after entering your personal password. You should treat your access information confidentially and close the browser window once you finished communicating with us, especially if the computer is used jointly with others.
Right to Information
According to the Federal Privacy Act, you have a right to free information about your stored data and possibly a right to rectification, erasure or blocking of this data.
Revocation of Consent
The following consents have been expressly granted during the ordering process. Please note that your consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
Permission to e-mail advertising:
I want to get interesting offers via e-mail. My e-mail address will not be sent to other companies. This consent to use my e-mail address for promotional purposes can be revoked at any time with effect for the future revoked by clicking the "Sign Out" link at the end of the newsletter.
Registration:
I would like to register for future orders and ask for my data to be recorded in your customer database.
Integration of the Trusted Shops Trustbadge
We have integrated the Trusted Shops Trustbadge on this website in order to display our Trusted Shops Trustmark and offer the Trusted Shops products to customers after placing an order. This serves the protection of our legitimate interests in the optimal marketing of our offer according to art. 6 (1) 1 lit f GDPR that are overriding in the process of balancing of interests. The Trustbadge and the advertised trust badge services are offered by Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Str. 15C, 50823 Cologne, Germany.
With every use of the Trustbadge, the web server automatically saves a so-called server log file which contains e.g. your IP address, the date and time of the request, the volume of data transferred and the requesting provider (access data), and documents the request. Those access data are not analysed and are automatically overwritten no later than seven days after the end of your website visit.
Other personal data are transferred to Trusted Shops only if you decide to use or have already registered to use Trusted Shops products after placing an order. In such a case, the contract concluded between you and Trusted Shops applies.
Your Contact for Data Security
For questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data, information, correction, blocking or deleting data and revoking given consents please contact:
Knightfield Ltd.Director: Tony Namdar 24-26 Arcadia Avenue London N3 2JUUnited Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 20 / 7183 4544 Email: tn@rugpeople.com
rugpeople.com | oriental-carpets.com - contemporary and oriental | new and antique - large, L, XL, XXL, oversize and huge area rugsCustomer Service: United Kingdom:  +44 (0)20 7183 4544 USA / Canada:    +1 646-688-1335 Germany / Austria:  +49 (0)40 450 4102
Legal Information | Contact |
Terms Of Business