https://www.onlinecoolgifts.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Gift Certificates
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Currency Displayed in
Wish Lists
View Cart (0) 0.00
Checkout
$4.99 Standard Shipping On All Orders
Search
Search
Home
Categories
Emu Oil Products
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Privacy
OnlineCoolGifts.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting OnlineCoolGifts.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
We occasionally need to verify information. Your daytime phone number or email address is the timeliest way to accomplish this and assure your gift arrives on time. If we have a question and we cannot reach you via telephone, your order may not be able to be delivered as requested and you may be liable for resend costs.
We also collect contact information for gift recipients in order to ensure correct gift delivery. We do not sell or rent any contact information for gift recipients.
We respect your privacy! We will use your e-mail address only when we are confirming your Internet order, to notify you of special promotions, to notify you of changes and updates to the site, or to remind you of a holiday or gift occasion. We consider your e-mail address your property and will handle it with great care. We will never sell your e-mail address to another company or disclose it to any other person. We assure you, your e-mail address will not be made available to other companies.
We automatically track and collect information when you visit OnlineCoolGifts.com such as domain name, browser, type of computer, information about web page from which you linked to the site, and time spent on different pages within the site. This data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful in evaluating and improving your experience on the site. We also use “cookies,” which are small data files that may be stored on your computer by the site.
How your Information is Stored
This site uses a secure server (SSL) to encrypt all of your personal information. We use strong security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of your information once it is in our records.
Pages
Home
About Us
Why Emu Oil?
Privacy Policy
Blog
Shipping & Returns
Popular Brands
Picnic Time by Heaven Sent Originals Cedar Ridge Emu Genevieve Dewey Mark & Patty Bosh Mary Avidano
View all brands
Categories
Emu Oil Products
View all categories
newsletter
Name
Email
Connect with usFacebookPinterest
Copyright © 2020 OnlineCoolGifts.com. All Rights Reserved.
All prices are in USD