https://www.dartswarehouse.com/about/terms-of-trade/
The online darts equipment store
Search
Shipping / Currency
Rest of World USD $
Ship to New Zealand
Billed in NZD $ - View in NZD $
Ship to Australia
Billed in AUD $ - View in AUD $
Rest of the world
Billed in USD $
View in GBP £
View in EUR €
View in HKD $
View in JPY ¥
View in SGD $
View in USD $
Darts
Dartboards
Flights
Shafts
Accessories
Gift Ideas
Buying Guide
News
About Us
Contact
Home
/
About Us
/
Terms of Trade
Terms of Trade
About Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Our Brands
Payment and Pricing
Delivery
Tracking
Returns
Testimonials
Terms of Trade
Subscribe
By visiting or shopping at Dartswarehouse, you accept the following terms and conditions. Please read them carefully.
Correct Order Details:
Please double check your delivery address is correct before placing your order as orders lost due to incorrect address details will be at your own expense.
Online Payments:
We use the secure hosted payment page solution from DPS to process online orders.  Customers can see their cards been authorised and debited in real time, all in SSL secure enviroment.  The hosted payment page enables us to offer customers a safe and speedy online shopping experience.
Product Specifications:
All weights, sizes, dimensions are approximate and are for guidance and comparison purposes only. The weight indicated is the approximate weight of one pointed dart body  for steel tip. Soft tip Weight is the complete set weight (tip, barrel, shafts and flight).
Changes in range, contents, packaging and specifications can change from time to time, we reserve the right to discontinue, alter or substitute product where appropriate. Flights shafts and tips may differ to those shown.
Darts:    all dart sets are sold as a set of 3 darts which includes 3 flights and 3 shafts.Flights:  all flights are sold in a set of 3 flights.Shafts:  all shafts are sold in a set of 3 shafts.
Stock Levels:
Please note that because of multiple orders being placed at the same time by multiple people on our website, sometimes we may sell more of an item than we have in stock. If this happens we will notify you as soon as we are aware and either refund your money or send you a different product for up to the same value as the one you purchased with your approval.
Cancellation Policy:
Orders can only be cancelled before they are shipped and we reserve the right to levy a $10 charge to cover any subsequent administrative expenses.
Returns Policy:
Every item displayed in our on-line shopping site is covered by a full 30-day right-of-return. Please visit our returns page for detailed information.
Resellers:
Due to brand restrictions and supply arrangements Dartwarehouse sales of Puma Darts branded goods is not permitted to be be resold outside NZ, Australia, Pacific Islands,  Canada,  Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia,  Singapore and South Africa. If you are interested in reselling outside these areas please contact us. Please note Shot branded products do not have these same restrictions.
Warning - Supervision for Children:
Darts is a game of skill for adults. The equipment could cause injury to children when used without proper  adult supervision. Extreme caution should be exercised in the display and sale of darts equipment where children might purchase without parental approval.
Website Security:
We take security seriously and have taken steps to ensure your personal information is secure.   We use secure servers, and industry standard data encryption whenever we are receiving or transferring your information online.  However we accept no responsibility for any loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal information which you submit to us.
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control.  These websites have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to view them.  We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide them solely for your information and convenience.
Confidentiality
Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than [our manufacturer/supplier(s) and] if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Please refer to our privacy policy for detailed information on what we collect.
Copyright:
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of this site's owner or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of this site's owner and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of this site's owner or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Contact Us
helpdesk@dartswarehouse.com
Dartswarehouse.com
PO Box 44
Katikati 3129
New Zealand
Join us on Facebook
*shipping info world
Worldwide delivery
FREE standard shipping on small items on orders over $75
More information in our terms of trade
Secure Payment
We accept
Secure payment by
All New Zealand orders are GST inclusive.