https://www.vwspares.co.uk/privacy.php?osCsid=0767a518274d442c318853c60fbb6d7c
Toggle Navigation
Home
Contact Us
Log In Register
0 item(s), £0.00
Privacy Policy
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website [www.vwspares.co.uk] and served by [AVS Car Parts] and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website colects, processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website only uses cookies to enable some important functionality within the website, we do not use them to save, store or collect any personal information.
Cookies are small files saved to the user's browser, which save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website, such as when you 'Login' or add items to the 'Shopping Cart'.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their browser they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website.
However blocking cookies may impair some functionality within the website.
Personal Information
When you purchase from us we require some essential information to enable us to process your order, such as your first name, surname, postal address, email address and telephone number.
Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998.
We are registered under the Data Protection Act (Registration number: Z9811481)
Your details are not passed on to any third parties, apart from when your details (name, address, phone number, email address) are passed on to the relevant courier to enable them to deliver your order.
The courier may contact you by email or SMS message to supply delivery notifications.
Email Communication
If you have supplied your email address to us when ordering this will only be used to send you order status updates, or to contact you in connection with an enquiry or order you have placed.
We do not send out any kind of email newsletters, marketing or product notifications.
Credit/Debit Card Information
All payment information is sent encrypted using a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) with 256Bit encryption.
We do not store any of your card information, it is only used at the time that you place the order.
As we do not store any card information you will need to re-enter it every time you place an order.
Resources & Further Information
Data Protection Act 1998
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
v.2.1 May 2018 Edited & customised by: AVS Car Parts, 7 Station Yard, Swaffham, Norfolk. PE37 7JE
Continue
Parts
VW
Audi
Seat
Skoda
Quantum Oil
PMA Consumables
Part Number Search
Use part number to find the product you are looking for.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
We Accept