http://www.unbeatable.com/privacy-policy
Free Live Chat For Your Website - Unbeatable.com
Login
Privacy policy
Information
Feedback Group LLC privacy policy contains information about collecting users'
personal data, products
and services offered or performed by Feedback Group LLC and the manner of its processing. We respect the
right to privacy of our software users and take reasonable steps for the user to be familiar with the
manner in which rendered accessible information via https://www.unbeatable.com/ website and our mobile
application is processed. Due to the implementation of comprehensive security regulations, personal data
provided by our website and mobile application users is of highest security standards. The acceptance of
terms and conditions for the use of any Feedback Group LLC services or deciding on using or purchasing
any product offered by Feedback Group LLC means accepting Feedback Group LLC Privacy Policy.
Provided data
Collected by Feedback Group LLC personal data and other user's information is used in order to complete
user registration and at the same time to ensure his access to Feedback Group LLC services and products.
While registering on our website https://www.unbeatable.com/ we request that you provide us with such
information as: name, surname, company business name, address, website address, e-mail address in the
event when a user uses our services. Some of the provided user's information such as: your IP address,
domain, browser type, operating system type etc. may be automatically acquired when a user visits our
websites. When contacting Feedback Group LLC the user may be requested to render accessible analogical
data to those provided while registering on our website. Personal data provided in connection with the
correspondence between the user and Feedback Group LLC shall be used strictly to reply to inquiries made
by the user or to transfer information. We use the information you provide us in order to provide you
with customer service, allow you to view your statistics, e-commerce, goals, performance, chat queue,
availability, customer satisfaction, chats, chat logs, view the chat operators and visitors to your
Unbeatable service.
Geo-Location Data
We do not ask you for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or services.
Communications from the Site
If you choose to receive it, we will send you a Unbeatable daily summary. This email is provided as part of the service so that you may have a summary of your daily chat logs. You may opt-out from receiving this at any time by updating your preferences within your account. We will occasionally send you push notifications in order to make you aware of any outages of service or to send you Unbeatable daily summaries if you choose to receive them. You may opt-out of receiving these types of communications by
turning off push notifications at the device level.
Safe Harbor Compliance
Feedback Group LLC complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor
framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention
of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, Feedback Group LLC commits to resolve
complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or
Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Feedback Group LLC at support@unbeatable.com.
In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles, Feedback Group LLC commits to resolve
complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or
Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Feedback Group LLC at support@unbeatable.com.
When using the support section of our site we will collect your email address, name, twitter account for
the purpose of allowing you to sign up for our customer support , submit a request, check your existing
requests and commenting within the support forum. You may also upload a photo of yourself while using
this service, if you no longer wish to have your photo displayed you may log into your account and
request to have this removed or contact us at support@unbeatable.com.
When using our mobile application we may collect device information such as device type, operating system
type and application version. We use this information in order to provide an optimized version of our application for your device type.
Third Party Information
We allow you to provide us with third party personal data. The information that we may collect is name
and email address in order to allow you to add operators to your account. We will not use this
information for any other purpose.
Children personal data
Feedback Group LLC shall take precautions to ensure the highest security level of all information and all
personal data provided by minors using our services and products. We do not knowingly collect personal
information from anyone under the age of 13.
Data disclosure
We do not sell your personal data to third parties.
Personal data and other information provided by users shall not be disclosed to third parties unless the
obligation to disclose the information to third parties results from the currently effective provisions
of law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in good faith that
disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
fraud, or respond to a government request, or if it is necessary for the Feedback Group LLC's security
and its rights protection, including the protection against the claims submitted by the third parties.
The provided user's information may be utilized in the event of breach of terms and conditions for the
use of services, misuse of funds, the necessity to take action against all user's unlawful actions.
Feedback Group LLC shall transfer no information or personal data to third parties for marketing
purposes.
Feedback Group LLC reserves the right to use the provided data for the marketing purposes and other
purposes connected with presenting up-to-date offer of products and services in direct contacts with the
user. You may opt-out from our marketing emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions
located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at support@unbeatable.com.
Feedback Group LLC reserves the right to disclose personal data and other information relating to the
user to third parties affiliated with Feedback Group LLC connected with providing services and its
current business activity, such as payment processing, providing customer support and sending emails out
on our behalf. Feedback Group LLC shall observe due diligence to make sure for the processing of data
disclosed to entities affiliated with Feedback Group LLC to be in compliance with our privacy policy and
the currently effective law.
Using 'cookies'
The so called `cookies` may be used while using services or products rendered by Feedback Group LLC These
are pieces of information sent by the server, stored on a user's computer for the purpose of automatic
identification of a particular user when using our services. 'Cookies' enable us to quickly confirm your
identity and owing to them the use of our services becomes much easier and more widely available.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile
Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application,
the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the
application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software
to any personal data you submit within the mobile app.
Surveys
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in a survey within our Unbeatable
application. If you participate, we will require your name and email address. Participation in these
surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this
information.
Add-ons
We allow you the option to integrate your live chat with 3rd party add-ons. Please be aware that
Unbeatable is not responsible for any information that may collected through these third party
add-ons.
Data protection
Feedback Group LLC applies technical safety measures of the highest standards to protect the provided
data against loss, destruction, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. The used measures and
technology ensure complete safety of the data provided by the user. The data is available solely to the
user or to a person indicated by him provided authorized access has been granted to that person. You
control who you allow access to the Unbeatable app by either selecting everyone or limited IP
addresses.
The security of your personal data is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to
protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Feedback Group LLC takes all necessary steps to update and modernize data protection system. No data
transmission via the Internet, however, can guarantee 100% safety.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our Web site or within our mobile
application, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology
(SSL).
Privacy policy modification
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any
material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to
periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Data gathering entity
Conducting its activity, under the business name of Feedback Group LLC, with its registered office: 1201
ORANGE ST STE 600 ONE COMMERCE CENTER, WILMINGTON, DE 19801. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA shall be the
entity gathering personal data and other information.
Commercial transactions
Feedback Group LLC reserves the right to use its privacy policy, user's account and provided data and
information for the benefit of an entity that has become either a dependent entity, an associated
entity, or has come into being as a result of merger or transformation of Feedback Group LLC
Access
If your personal data changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete
inaccuracies or request deactivation of your account by making the change within the “edit my profile”
section of the site or by emailing us at support@unbeatable.com. We will respond to your access request
within 30 days.
To request removal of your personal data from our testimonials or customer support forum, please contact
us at support@unbeatable.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in
which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Link to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every
Web site that collects personal data. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by this
Web site.
Contact
Should you have any inquiries or doubts regarding our privacy policy or applied procedures feel free to
contact us via the following e-mail: support@unbeatable.com.
Feedback Group LLC
Attn: Privacy Officer
1201 ORANGE ST STE 600 ONE COMMERCE CENTER, WILMINGTON, DE 19801
Copyright © UNBEATABLE.com | All rights reserved.
By creating account you agree to Terms and conditions and Privacy Policy
Dashboard Login