https://www.always-forever.com/terms-and-conditions/
lock
plus
Go Back
All Categories
Categories
Go Back
All Pages
Pages
PANDORA Size Guide
Caring For Your PANDORA Jewelry
How To Build A PANDORA Bracelet
Lampe Berger
Cleaning Your Swarovski Crystal
Displaying Your Swarovski Crystal
Swarovski Crystal Society
About Us
Checkout
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
How To Order Online
Shipping Rates
When To Expect Your Order
Returns
Privacy Policy
How To Order Online
Ordering online at Always & Forever is secure and easy. Online orders are processed with a secure server. All information is protected against unauthorized access and encrypted before being sent to us.
Upon completion of your order, an automatic order confirmation will be sent to the email address provided on the order form. Most orders are shipped within 1 to 2 business days and you will receive a second email with your package tracking information upon shipment.
Shipping Rates
We ship all orders via United States Postal Service ("USPS") Priority Mail. All packages are fully insured and include tracking information.
We do not ship outside the U.S.A. or to APO's.
Insurance is included on all packages. Inspect your package. Do not accept packages showing signs of external damage. Please notify us of any damaged merchandise as soon as possible so we can file a claim.
When To Expect Your Order
Once your item has been shipped, the tracking information is available in your account.
Email Mailing List
Sign up for our email mailing list to receive exclusive promotions from us.
Sales Tax
We do not collect sales tax on purchases shipped to destinations out of the state of Florida.  Think about how much you can save on your next Pandora Jewelry purchase! Shipments to Florida are charged the standard rates of sales tax.
Returns
We want you to be completely satisfied with your Always & Forever purchase. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please email us at info@Always-Forever.com.
Authorized returns, of non discounted (either on sale or with a coupon) items, must be receive within 30 days of the order date.
Please note: If the merchandise appears to be used/worn and not in its original condition we cannot accept exchanges or returns (example: jewelry, lotions, etc.). Merchandise purchased at a discount, either on sale or with a coupon, are final sales and can not be returned or exchanged. We only refund shipping charges if the return is a result of our error. If you received free shipping with your order, you may be charged $9.95 for the original shipping costs.
Privacy Policy
At Always & Forever, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and provide a more personalized shopping experience. We do not sell, trade or rent any personal information about you. This website uses the Google AdWords remarking service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry.
This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Pricing and Availability
Merchandise prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. If an ordered item is not available at the posted price, you will be notified before shipment.
We carry a very extensive inventory. However, due to the unpredictability of customer orders and vendor shipments, we cannot guarantee availability of all items all the time. If an ordered item is unavailable to be shipped within the time specified, you will be notified via email as soon as possible.
Disclaimer
Always & Forever, Inc. makes no representation or warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, as to the operation of the web site, the information, content, materials, or products, included on this web site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Always & Forever, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Always & Forever, Inc. will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this web site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental punitive and consequential damages.