http://www.fleur-de-coin.com/privacy
Menu
Log-in / register
Coin Shop
Eurozone
Account
Home
Vault
Collectors
Swap Area
Dictionary
Coin Shop
View Cart
Recent Best Sellers
Netherlands - 10 cents 2014 (King Willem-Alexander)
EUR 0.60
Portugal - 2 euros 2017 (150 Years of the Police and Public Security)
EUR 3.30
San Marino - 20 cents 2017 (The Three Towers Of San Marino)
EUR 0.80
Malta - 1 cent 2008 (Altar of prehistoric temple of Imnajdra)
EUR 0.35
Greece - 2 euros 2017 (Archaeological City of Filippi)
EUR 2.80
HomeFleur-de-coin.comLegal NoticePrivacy Policy
Our legal obligations
Fleur-de-coin.com values the privacy of the visitors and the customers of the site.
We have adopted a strict policy regarding any personal information that is specifically and voluntarily provided
by our users. The privacy policy may be updated in the future, but any significant changes will be communicated
to everyone visiting the site by means of a prominent notice.
Information collected
Information collected online is usually defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable.
Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For example,
Fleur-de-Coin.com collects some information each time a visitor enters the site,
so we can improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience.
Fleur-de-Coin.com logs the
visitor's IP address, referral data (e.g., the Internet address of the last Web page visited by a user
before clicking over to Fleur-de-Coin), browser and platform type (e.g., an Internet
Explorer browser on a Windows platform), screen resolution and colour depth. Fleur-de-coin.com
also collects aggregate search terms from search engines, for internal reporting
Personally identifiable information refers to data that reveils who the visitor really is, such as
the name and country of origin, which may be collected in addition to the anonymous data described above.
Fleur-de-Coin.com only collects personal information submitted by coin collectors who
sign-up for an account, in order to use our on-line
Coin Shop, the
World Collectors Database and the
Coin Vault application to store their collection online.
Fleur-de-coin.com uses the aggregate data to perform statistical analyses of the
collective characteristics and behavior of the registered users and visitors, to measure user demographics and
interests regarding specific areas of the site, and to analyze how and where best to use resources. Without
such data, we would not know which parts of the site are the most popular, and we would not be able to change
and update the content and services appropriately. Fleur-de-coin.com sometimes uses
an individual registered user's data to "pre-populate" online forms that are displayed in certain webpages, but
will never send out unsolicited emails (spam).
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Fleur-de-coin.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you
with other people or companies, however some of the information is freely available on-line. For instance, the
World Collectors Database includes the name, country and age of each user,
along with other information related to coin collecting. You can edit the information included in your
account at any time.
Cookies policy
Fleur-de-coin.com employs cookies to recognize you and your access privileges, as
well as to track site usage. Visitors who do not accept cookies can still access this site,
however the browsing experience may be degrated. A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification
number that	is transferred from a Web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may
identify your computer and passively track its activities on the Web site. This unique number identifies your Web
browser to our computer system whenever you visit Fleur-de-Coin.
Update notifications
Fleur-de-Coin may update this policy from time to time so please check back periodically.
When such changes occur, you will see the words "Legal notice" highlighted in red on the menu. We will never
use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that	stated at the time it was collected.
Last updated March 13, 2009
Legal Notice
Disclaimer - some titles and conditions about our content and services
Privacy Policy - we value and protect the privacy of our users and customers