http://www.copperscapes.com/privacy.html
CopperScapes.com
P.O. Box 604
Holly Ridge,
NC. 28445
E-mail:
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of CopperScapes.com.
You can reach us via e-mail
at
or
P.O. Box 604
Holly Ridge,
NC. 28445
For each visitor to our Web
page(s), our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain
name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name,
but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page(s), the e-mail addresses
of those who communicate with us via e-mail or feedback form, aggregate
information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by
the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, no
information on consumers who browse our Web page(s) is shared with any outside
companies or resources.
We use the information
collected to improve the content of our Web site, or used by us to contact consumers
for requested business, or marketing purposes.
With respect to cookies: We
do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to
receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by E-mailing or writing us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic
mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming
events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by
E-mailing or writing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure to remove
your name from our list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding requests or orders they
have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers:
We do not collaborate with or have special relationships with any ad server
companies. WE DO NOT SHARE INFORMATION.
From time to time, we may
use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in
our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the
future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to
notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out
of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their
information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was
originally collected by E-mailing or writing us at the above address.
Upon request, we provide
site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary
information] that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by E-mailing or writing us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected
by E-mailing or writing us at the above address.
With respect to security:
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to
protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have
collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site
is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us E-mailing or writing us at the above address, or contact the state, or local chapters of the Better Business
Bureau.
copperscapes low voltage lighting home | about landscape lighting
| shop low voltage lights | low voltage path light | pond light
Landscape light | garden light | path light | landscape path light | install low voltage lighting
| links | privacy | contact
copyright © 2006 - 2016 | CopperScapes.com
Site Map
Site Design by: Beyond Concepts