https://www.nordicneedle.com/our-policies
Account Contact Us My Stash
You are here
Frequently Asked Questions
Pricing & Privacy Policies
Pricing & Privacy Policies
Frequently Asked Questions
About Nordic Needle Backorder Policy Hardanger Design Contest Pricing & Privacy Policies Stitching Retreat Shipping Information Terms & Conditions
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
Our Pricing Policy
Like any market, the needlework business is affected by many factors such as manufacturing fluctuations, discontinuations, elevated production costs, etc., and as such some of our prices are subject to change from time to time. We always try our best to keep our prices as up-to-date as possible so that our customers get the deals they expect.
The prices in our mail-order catalog:
The prices in our mail-order catalogs reflect each manufacturers' current suggested retail prices at the time our catalogs go to press. Occasionally our actual prices may be different from those shown because manufacturers' sugested price (and our cost) are subject to change. When you call us with your order we will be happy to verify the current price, or you can check current prices right here on our website.
The prices on our website:
We try our best to update the prices on our website often, to reflect the most current values, so be sure to check online for recent changes. Since we process your orders in order-entry and do not collect your payments instantly through our website, the prices reflected on your online order will most likely be honored, even if there has been a change since your purchase. There are certain circumstances when an error might occur that we are unable to honor.
Pricing errors:
As stated previously, though we try and keep all of our prices accurate, whether it be on our website or in our mail-order catalogs, there are errors that may occur which we cannot honor. Nordic Needle, Inc. is not responsible for honoring all pricing discrepancies and may not be held liable for such errors. If you have questions regarding this matter, please feel free to contact us.
Our Privacy Policy
Nordic Needle, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.nordicneedle.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. This site contains links to other sites. Nordic Needle, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Our site uses various online forms for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (email address) and financial information (account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
In the interest of your privacy, Nordic Needle will never willingly give our mailing lists to third parties. View our complete Terms & Conditions of Use Agreement.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database so they no longer receive future communications.
You can use our Contact Form and let us know you would like to placed on our Do Not E-mail Registry
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
Have a question?
Write Us Copyright © 2020 Nordic Needle, Inc. · Terms of Use
RESOURCES×