https://www.rotdoctor.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
Return to Top
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
We do NOT buy, sell, trade or in any way share your information with other companies or advertisers beyond what is necessary to complete your transaction.
We are careful to guard against anyone getting your personal information illegally. When you order online via our secure order form, your information is encrypted using a TLS 1.2 connection. This is the current requirement for PCI compliance. We abide by all security requirements required by all major credit card companies. In addition, we regularly review our security to be sure that every reasonable precaution is being taken to protect your personal information.
What Information Is Collected:
As part of the order process, the following information is collected from shoppers:
Name
Shipping/Billing Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
How That Information Is Used:
Information is collected and used to fill orders, to contact buyers if there are questions or issues, only if needed (we do not advertise to you).
Your information stays within our secure system and is only shared to conduct normal business operations (such as processing credit cards and sending shipment notifications).
Credit card information collected at the time of online ordering will be stored within the Secure Authorize.net CIM Portal (see http://www.authorize.net) for further information.
This site (www.rotdoctor.com) is hosted by Portline.
Portline does not collect customer or order information for any purpose other than the storage needed for the ecommerce website function.
How to contact us:
Regular Business Hours: Monday - Friday, 6:30AM to 5:30PM PST, Saturday, Sunday and Holidays 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM PST. Phone: 206-364-2155 Fax: 206-364-4744 Email: drrot@rotdoctor.com
More information can be found under our Terms and Conditions.
Updated April 2020