http://www.knitting-warehouse.com/pages/cookie-policy
Search
Home
New Knitting and Crochet Arrivals
Sale Knit and Crochet Tools
Yarn on Sale
Crochet Thread
Aunt Lydia's Crochet Thread
Bernat Crochet Thread
Coats & Clark Crochet Thread
DMC Crochet Thread
Handy Hands Crochet Thread
Iris Crochet Thread
Tatting Thread
Other Crochet Thread
Yarn
Filter Search All Yarn
Bergere De France
Bernat Yarn
Caron Yarn
Deborah Norville Collection
DMC Yarn
Elegant Yarns
Fair Isle Yarn
Hoooked Yarn
Lily Sugar'n Cream
Lion Brand Yarn
Mary Maxim
Patons Yarn
Premier Yarns
Red Heart Yarn
Sugar Bush Yarns
Yarn By Color
Yarn By Softness - The Knitting-Warehouse Softness Meter
Yarn By Weight
Christmas Yarn
Baby Yarn
Crochet
Yarns for Knitting & Crochet
Crochet Thread
Crochet Hooks
Crochet Kits
Crochet Books
Tunisian Crochet
Organizers Crochet Hook
Crochet Patterns
Knitting
Yarns for Knitting & Crochet
Knitting Needles
Knit Counters
Point Protectors
Stitch Holders
Stitch Markers
Knitting Looms
Knitting Tools and Notions Other
Knitting Machines
Knitting Needle Organizers
Knitting Notions Storage
Knitting Totes
Yarn Holders & Storage
Yarn Winders & Swifts
Knitting Kits
Knitting Books
Knook Knitting
Gifts For Knitters
New Books
Knitting Patterns
Knitting Needles
Single Point Knitting Needles
Double Pointed Knitting Needles
Circular Knitting Needles
Interchangeable Knitting Needles
Knitting Needle Sets
Other Knitting Needles
Tools
Free Patterns
Crochet Patterns
Knitting Patterns
Bernat Yarn Free Patterns
Beverly's Free Patterns
Caron Yarn Free Patterns
Lion Brand Free Patterns
N.Y. Yarns Free Patterns
Patons Yarn Free Patterns
Premier Yarns Free Patterns
Red Heart Yarn Free Patterns
Search All Free Patterns
Sign in
Create an Account
My Wishlist
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Cookie Policy for CM Digital Enterprises LLC / Knitting-Warehouse.com
Cookie Policy for CM Digital Enterprises LLC / Knitting-Warehouse.com
Here at Knitting-Warehouse, we are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal information. Personal information is information that could reasonably allow you to be identified. That’s why we’ve developed this "cookie policy" . This cookie policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding our use and disclosure of the information that you submit to us, and the information that we collect from you through our website. Whenever we use the words "we", us", "our", we are referring to Knitting-Warehouse, and to the parent company CM Digital Enterprises LLC. Whenever we use the words "our website," we are referring to www.knitting-warehouse.com. CM Digital Enterprises LLC offers this website, Knitting-Warehouse, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy Terms of Service (TOS) How do you get my consent? By visiting our website and/or purchasing something from us, contacting us by email, forms or other means, or we contact you about our services, you engage in "our service” and agree to be bound by the following "privacy policy", "cookie policy, and "Terms of Service (TOS)" referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. The "privacy policy", "cookie policy" and "Terms of Service (TOS)" apply to all users of the website, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, third-parties, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content. How do I withdraw my consent?If you object to any conditions of our "privacy policy", "cookie policy" and "Terms of Service (TOS)", you must stop doing business with us, including business on our website. Your continued use of our website, will indicate your acknowledgment and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the "privacy policy", "cookie policy" and "Terms of Service (TOS)".
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Types of information we collect through cookies or similar technologies may include: Date and Time of your visit. What browser you are using. Are you using a computer, mobile phone, tablet, or other device. What operating system you are using. Products for which you searched and viewed. Other pages or resources on our web site that you used or visited. Internet Protocol (IP) address. Website you visited before coming to our website. Search term you used to find us. Emails you open and/or forward. Offers or links you connect to via emails.
Disabling Cookies
When you enter Knitting-Warehouse you are presented with a Cookie Acceptance Bar. In that bar there is a preferences button where you can choose which cookies you will accept. Certain cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of the website and to place an order. You will be informed of this when you try to disable this option. To change your cookie preferences, please clear your history, return to Knitting-Warehouse and set your preferences again. You can also prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the website. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. Other resources for disabling cookies: All About Cookies
The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out. We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in. This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly. When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site. We have no control over third-party cookies. So we encourage you to read the privacy and cookie policies on these websites. Our website is hosted on Shopify. Please see Shopify's Cookie Policy, https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookiesHere is a list of cookies that Shopify uses. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. If you opt out of Shopify cookies, the website may not work properly including ordering. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access. PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from where This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies and Google cookies please follow the links below.Types of cookies used by Google, https://policies.google.com/technologies/typesGoogle Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites, https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=enThis website advertises with Google. Please follow the links below to see what cookies Google advertising will use. How Ads WorkTake ControlGoogle has created several ways to opt out of personalized ads and ways to manage your data they collect. Please see the following links: How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services,Ads Settings, My Activity. Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you. From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most. As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price. We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information, please contact us at:Email: customerservice@knitting-warehouse.com