https://www.nononsense.com/terms/
No nonsense Terms and Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
PLEASE CONTACT US AT (336) 228-5901 FOR ALL OF YOUR CONSUMER CARE NEEDS
My Bag
My Account
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Menu
Leggings
New Arrivals
Popular
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Denim Leggings
Twill Leggings
Seasonal Leggings
Ponte Leggings
Cotton Leggings
Seamless Leggings
Layering Leggings
Sport Leggings
Plus Sizes
By Length
Shorts
Capri Length
Skimmer Length
Tights
New Arrivals
Popular
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Fashion Tights
Great Shapes Tights
Opaque Tights
Sheer Tights
Seasonal Tights
Footless Tights
By Opacity
Sheer 30 Denier
Opaque 40 Denier
Super Opaque 90 Denier
Blackout 110 Denier
By Panty
Shaping
Control Top
Sheer To Waist
Hosiery
Popular
Value Packs
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Classic Sheer
Premium Sheer
Knee High
By Panty
Control Top Sheer
Reinforced Panty
Shaper Panty
Sheer To Waist
By Collection
Great Shapes
Sheer & Silky
NO Seamless
Smart Support
Ultra Sheer
Multi Packs
Shaping
Popular
View All
By Category
Shaping Hosiery
Shaping Leggings
Shaping Tights
By Panty
All Over Shaper
Tummy
High Waist
By Opacity
Super Sheer
Sheer
Opaque
Blackout
Socks
View All
Women's
Sport Socks
Casual Socks
Liners
Trouser Socks
Knee Socks
Boot Socks
Slippers
By Collection
Ahh, Said The Foot
Color Expressions
Feel Good Compression
Soft & Breathable
Mens
View All
Style
No Show Socks
Ankle Socks
Crew Socks
Occasion
Dress Socks
Sale
View All
By Category
Leggings
Tights
Socks
Face Mask
Account
No nononsense REWARDS PROGRAM TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE PARTICIPATING IN THIS PROGRAM
General Information
No purchase is necessary to join No nononsense Rewards. Participation and benefits shall be considered void where prohibited by law. Taxes may apply where required by law.
No nonsense assumes no liability for any user's participation that contravenes the laws or regulations of his or her state. Your participation is subject to present and future program rules. Your participation is valid only at nononsense.com and rewards may only be earned and redeemed on nononsense.com.
Earning Rewards
No nononsense Rewards points are available to all No nonsense users. A user will accumulate Rewards Points for the following actions relating to his or her account as set forth below:
1 point = for every $1 spent on the purchase of a product, but not for any amount spent on taxes or shipping costs. For the avoidance of doubt, Rewards Points are only earned for money actually spent on the product, not for the amounts of any discounts or payment by gift card. If an order is cancelled, any Rewards Points awarded for the purchase will be cancelled. If a product is returned, No nonsense reserves the right to cancel the Rewards Points awarded for the purchase of such product.
25 points = For joining No nononsense Rewards the first time.
35 points = Review a product on the No nonsense website (see “Reviewing a Product” below). A maximum of 180 points may be earned per 30 day period for reviewing products on the No nonsense website.
30 points = subscribe to the No nonsense email newsletter.
From time to time, No nonsense may temporarily amend the Rewards Point reward equations, without notice to the users. A user only earns Rewards Points based on activity on and via the No nonsense website. Users may opt to purchase products without using their Rewards Points. Users will be able to check the amount of Rewards Points accumulated in their account by logging into the My Account section and viewing the dashboard. Users may not redeem or exchange accumulated Rewards Points for cash. Users may not give/donate/transfer/share their Rewards Points to another User’s account.
No nonsense specifically reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the No nononsense Rewards Program, or any specific User's participation in the No nononsense Rewards Program, if any fraud, virus or other technical problem corrupts the administration, security, safety or proper function of the No nononsense Rewards Program, as determined by No nonsense in its sole discretion. In addition, No nonsense reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or permanently ban any specific User's participation in the No nononsense Rewards Program if No nonsense suspects that such User is conducting fraudulent activity to acquire, accumulate or spend Rewards points including, but not limited to, by a User creating multiple Rewards accounts, false referrals, etc.
Reviewing a Product
Reviews of a No nonsense product on the No nonsense website will be reviewed for legitimacy and for language. As a result, it may take several (up to 30) days before reviews are posted on the No nonsense website and Rewards Points are credited to a User’s account. Reviews that are posted will not be edited or changed for content, but they may be edited to correct spelling mistakes, type-o’s, glaring grammatical errors, etc. and/or to shorten the length.
No nonsense reserves the right to reject reviews that it deems (in its sole discretion) to be of no value, or in violation of the No nonsense Terms of Service, and therefore no Rewards Points will be rewarded for such reviews.
Redeeming Rewards Points
Rewards Points may only be redeemed on nononsense.com. Rewards Points may only be redeemed for a discount off the purchase price of an item. Rewards Points may not be redeemed for payment of taxes or shipping costs. Unless otherwise indicated by No nonsense, Rewards Points may be redeemed in conjunction with other discounts or offers granted by No nonsense. No nonsense may limit the number of Rewards Points that may be redeemed at one time. Users must accumulate 100 Rewards Points before being eligible to redeem Rewards Points. Users with less than 100 Rewards Points will not be able to redeem those Rewards Points until they have acquired at least 100 Rewards Points. Users wishing to redeem Rewards Points will receive $5 off the purchase price of their order in redemption of 100 Rewards Points, which will thereby be deducted from the User's count of Rewards Points. The system will update the User’s remaining Rewards Points immediately after Rewards Points are redeemed. Rewards Points cannot be applied to prior purchases or for the purchase of No nonsense eGift Cards. No nonsense may determine, in its sole discretion, to restrict the redemption of Rewards Points with respect to certain products. Other No nonsense restrictions may apply.
Expiration of Rewards Points
Each Rewards Point will expire one hundred eighty (180) days after being earned, if not redeemed prior to the expiration date. No nonsense reserves the right to extend the expiration date, in its own discretion, on an individual user basis.
Account Information
You may view your account activity online at nononsense.com/customer/account. The information you provide will be handled in accordance with the No nonsense privacy policy available at nononsense.com/privacy.
Termination
Participation in the No nononsense Rewards Program is a privilege granted to No nonsense users and as such can be suspended, revoked or terminated at any time by No nonsense for any reason or for no reason. In the event of termination of your participation, all benefits including all accrued Rewards Points and other program benefits will automatically and immediately be forfeited.
Program Changes
No nonsense reserves the right to vary any or all of the terms of the No nononsense Rewards Program, to amend these Terms of Service, or to terminate the No nononsense Rewards Program, at any time without notice and without further obligations to users, including, but not limited to, modifications which: a) govern Rewards Points earned on and after the date of the change; or b) change the value of already accumulated Rewards Points. Notice of any such changes, amendments or termination will be provided to users via message or email, or by being posted on the No nonsense website and will be effective immediately, unless otherwise stated in such notification.
Leggings Free Shipping
Receive free standard shipping with the purchase of any legging style with the promo code that appears in the flyer included in your order shipment. The flyer is available for orders placed after 7/30/2019. Offer expires December 31, 2019. Good only on nononsense.com and cannot be applied to previous purchases or combined with other offers or discount codes. Offer is not valid to international consumers shipping outside of the United States. Not valid for cash or cash equivalent. We reserve the right to cancel this promotion at any time.
Eligibility
Kayser-Roth Corp. employees and spouses are not eligible to participate in the No nononsense Rewards Program.
Revised – February 2018
Account
My Account
Wishlist
No nonsense Rewards
Help
Contact
Shipping Information
Returns
Our Guarantee
Size Charts
Company
About Us
Be Inspired
Ecoconscious
FAQ's
Terms and Conditions
Privacy/Legal
Accessibility
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Youtube
Instagram
© 2019 Nononsense.com / Kayser-Roth Corporation 1-800-575-3497 Monday—Friday 9am—7:30pm EST • California Supply Chains Act