http://www.usaemergencysupply.com/company/privacy-policy
USA Emergency Supply
Sales and support call 503.660.8312    Blog | My Account | Help
Search
USA Emergency Supply
Search
Search
Emergency Supplies
Food Storage Equipment
Mylar Bags for Food Storage
Oxygen Absorbers
Food Storage Buckets
Twister Seal Lids
Sanitation
Emergency Sanitation
Emergency Hygiene
Books and Handguides
Cookbooks
Gardening Books
Health and Nutrition Books
Off-the-Grid and Survival Books
Cooking, Lighting & Shelter
Emergency Cook Stoves
Emergency Candles
Emergency Light and Flashlights
Waterproof Matches
Emergency Blankets and Sleeping Bags
Emergency Tools and Escape Ladders
Emergency Food Bars
Food Storage
Food Storage Kits
Year Supply of Food
Six Month Supply of Food
Two Month Supply of Food
One Month Supply of Food
3 Day Rations
72-Hour Kits
Food Type
Dehydrated Vegetables
Freeze Dried Vegetables
Dehydrated Fruit
Freeze Dried Fruit
Dehydrated Dairy, Eggs and Meat
Wheat & Flour
Cereals, Grains & Pasta
Dry Beans & Legumes
Dried Mixes & Soups
Dessert & Drinks
Cooking Aids
Sprouting Seeds & Garden Seeds
Certified Organic
TVP (Textured Vegetable Protein)
Gluten Free
Preparation Type
Dehydrated Foods
Freeze-Dried Foods
Meals Ready-To-Eat
Mountain House
Food Processing
Grain Grinders Manual
Grain Grinders Electric
Food Mixers
Food Peelers
Vitamins & Supplements
Vitamins & Mineral Supplements
Emergency Water
Water Storage
Water Containers
Water Jugs
Water Purification & Filtration
Purification Drops
Purification Tablets
Emergency Water Filters
First-Aid
First-Aid by Location
First-Aid for Home
First-Aid for Car
First-Aid for Work
First-Aid for Outdoors
First-Aid Stations
First-Aid by Category
American Red Cross First-Aid
Bandages, Wraps, Tapes & Splints
Antiseptics, Wipes, Ointments & Tablets
CPR Protection
Blood-Borne Pathogen
Hot and Cold Packs
Emergency Burn Care
Emergency Eye Care
Scossors, Tweezers, Thermometers, Gloves & Misc
Information Center
Packing Your Own Food Storage
Oxygen Absorbers and Long-Term Food Storage
Packing Your Food With Oxygen Absorbers
Why Use Mylar Bags in Food Storage
Using Food Storage Buckets and Containers
How Much Food Fits in a Container
Oxygen Absorbers Recommended Amounts
Properly Storing Then Opening Your Food
Oxygen Absorber Types
Checking the Capacity of Oxygen Absorbers
Oxygen Absorber Chemical Reaction Speed
Moisture Content in Food Storage
Self Reliance
Storage Life of Dry Foods
Food Storage FAQ's
Seven Major Mistakes in Food Storage
Using Whole Grain Foods
Seed Viability In Long Term Storage
Insect Control in Home Food Storage
Emergency Water Storage
Emergency Preparedness
All About
TVP (Textured Vegetable Protein)
Dehydrated Fruit
Dehydrated Dairy
Dehydrated Vegetables
Dehydrated Mixes
Whole Grains
Beans and Legumes
companyprivacy policy
Privacy Policy
USA Emergency Supply.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting USA Emergency Supply.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does USA Emergency Supply.com Gather?The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at USA Emergency Supply.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses USA Emergency Supply.com. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at USA Emergency Supply.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: Just about the only thing you'll receive from us by email is a copy of your receipt if you order from us, the tracking information once your order ships, and communication that we respond to if you ask us a question.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of USA Emergency Supply.com's coolest features, and we recommend that you allow them for our site.
Does USA Emergency Supply.com Share the Information It Receives?Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only with direct vendors of USA Emergency Supply.com, LLC, controls and as described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our vendors. You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that business, but that is the extent of that information.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of USA Emergency Supply.com customers on our behalf only and only if you have requested to receive this.
We do not automatically enroll anyone in marketing information by placing an order or any other means of communication.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that USA Emergency Supply.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of USA Emergency Supply.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of USA Emergency Supply.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?USA Emergency Supply.com gives you access to information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. This list will change as our Web site evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of USA Emergency Supply.com features.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the "What Information Can I Access?" section above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own Web site, Site Seeing on the Internet.
ChildrenUSA Emergency Supply.com does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use USA Emergency Supply.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Policys, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit USA Emergency Supply.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of North Carolina. If you have any concern about privacy at USA Emergency Supply.com, please contact us, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly. This Policy and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Related Practices and Information
Conditions of Use
USA Emergency Supply.com Bill of Rights
Information You Give UsYou provide most such information when you buy something from us or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information.
Automatic InformationExamples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for.
Orders
Check Order Status
Open Orders
Order History
My Account
Create Account My Wish List
My Addresses
Customer Service
Help Center
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping Policy
Our Company
Our Story
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Sales and support call 503.660.8312
©2001-2020 USA Emergency Supply, LLC. All Rights Reserved.