http://www.corkysbbq.com/privacy-policy
Corky's is proactively working to combat the spread of COVID-19. Click here for more information.
ORDER CARRY OUT
Locations
Memphis
Cordova
Collierville
Olive Branch
West Nashville
Brentwood
Little Rock
North Little Rock
Cypress
Pigeon Forge
Mail Order
Combos
Dinners
Ribs
Pork
Chicken
Beef
Gift Cards
Sauce & Seasoning
Apparel & More
Add On
Holiday Feast
BBQ+A Blog
Recipes
Plan an Event
About Corky's
Careers
Franchise
Contact Us
My Account
Your Corky's
Mail Order
QTY:
TOTAL ITEMS:
TOTAL PRICE:
Continue Shopping
CHECKOUT
bbq & a
recipes
about
careers
contact us
franchise
my account
logout
my cart ()
QTY:
TOTAL ITEMS:
TOTAL PRICE:
Continue Shopping
VIEW CART
mail order
Ship our world-famous BBQ direct to your door!
Combos
Dinners
Ribs
Pork
Chicken
Beef
Gift Cards
Sauce & Seasoning
Apparel & More
Add On
Holiday Feast
our locations
Memphis
Cordova
Collierville
Olive Branch
West Nashville
Brentwood
Little Rock
North Little Rock
Cypress
Pigeon Forge
carry out
catering
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out our contact form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter the following: your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience, since your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service, as your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and who are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow it), enabling the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and to help us understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.corkysbbq.com/.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
FIND MY NEAREST CORKY'S:
Locate
Your nearest Corky's:
Change
×
Enter your email address to get started!
The email address and password entered is incorrect.
AOL Users: AOL is experiencing issues with their email services. If you do not recieve the email please contact us at 800.926.7597
Email address
Verification PIN
New Password
Confirm Password
Password
Forgot your password?
Continue
Continue As A Guest