http://www.swansonvitamins.com/help/company-information/company-information-faqs/about-swanson.html
Enter your email address
No
Thanks
Your 10% Off Promo Code is on the Way! Thanks for signing up for emails.
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings
opportunities!
Thanks again for connecting with us. Keep an eye on your inbox — your first coupon
is on its way!
CLOSE
Thank You! This email address is already signed up
You are signed up for the following:
Offers
Recipes
E-Newsletter
Updates & Reminders
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at
this address.
Look for your next communication from us within the next week.
CLOSE
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request.
Our apologies!
Please try again later.
CLOSE
sign up for deals & tips
blog
Swanson Health Mobile Logo
Swanson Health Desktop Logo
×
Enter search terms
search
help or support
help/support
your account
sign in/register
0
cart
help/support
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
speak with a Customer Support Representative
help or support
Call 1-800-824-4491
7am—Midnight CT Mon—Sat
Text 1-800-824-4491
7am—12am CT Mon—Fri,8am—12am CT Sat
chat
Live Chat
More ways to contact us
hi,
my account
easy refill
order history
sign out
× menu
× shop by category
your account
sign in/register
shop
CBD Hemp Extract
Immune Health
probiotics
probiotics
swanson probiotics
Probiotics for Digestive Health
Probiotics for Immune System
Probiotics for Women
Probiotics for Seniors
Probiotics by Potency
Acidophilus/Lactobacillus
Reuteri
FOS (Fructooligosaccharides)
Saccharomyces Boulardii
See all Probiotics
cleansing & detoxification
cleansing & detoxification
Colon Cleanse
Charcoal
Liver Cleanse
Gastrointestinal Cleanse
Cleansing & Detoxification Herbs
Cleansing & Detoxification Tea
Whole Body Cleanse
Metal Detoxification
Urinary Cleanse
See all Cleansing & Detoxification
coq10
CoQ10
Ubiquinol
CoQ10 with Tocotrienols
CoQ10 Formulas
Q-Gel
CoQ10 Chewable
CoQ10 Creams
See all CoQ10
digestive health
digestive health
Acidophilus/Probiotics
Digestive Enzymes
Digestive Health Formulas
Psyllium
Ginger Root
Hydrochloric Acid (HCL)
DGL (Deglycyrrhizinated Licorice)
Pectin
Glucomannan
PepZin GI
See all Digestive Health
herbs
herbs
Turmeric
Mushrooms
CBD Hemp Extract
Pycnogenol
Milk Thistle
Tart Cherry
Cinnamon
Saw Palmetto
Black Pepper
Olive Leaf
Ginkgo Biloba
See all Herbs
vitamin c
vitamin c
Vitamin C with Rose Hips
Vitamin C Formulas
Bioflavonoids
Ester-C
Buffered Vitamin C
Vitamin C Creams & Lotions
Mineral Ascorbates
Zinc & Vitamin C Lozenges
Children's Vitamin C Formulas
See all Vitamin C
women's health
women's health
PMS & Menopause
Women's Multivitamin & Mineral Formula
Women's Acidophilus/Probiotics
Women's Leg Vein Health
Prenatal Health
Pregnancy & Breast Feeding
Tampons & Pads
Breast Health
See all Women's Health
men's health
men's health
Prostate Health
Men's Multivitamin & Mineral Formulas
Men's Hormone Balance
Men's Hair Formulas
Men's Personal Care
See all Men's Health
heart
heart
Omega-3 EFAs
Magnesium
Polyphenols/OPCs
Vitamin E
Cardiovascular Formulas
Vitamin K
Resveratrol
Garlic
L-Arginine
Phytosterols
See all Heart
food & beverage
food & beverage
Tea
Nuts & Seeds
Breakfast Foods
Honey
Oils & Vinegar
Baking
Bars
Stevia
Fruit & Vegetables
Juices
See all Food & Beverage
all categories
vitamins & supplements
swanson brand
new arrivals
specials
Easy Refill Logo
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
Help & Award-Winning Customer Service
Categories
Company Accolades
Security & Privacy
International Information
Company Information
Guarantees
My Account
Easy Refill
Order Information
Product Information
Product Reviews
Shipping Information
Contact Us
Help
> Company Information > Company Information & FAQs About Us: A History of Swanson Health Products
Search Help
About Us: A History of Swanson Health Products
Since 1969, Swanson Health Products has taken pride in bringing wellness to the world and helping you obtain the very best of health so you can focus on what you love. It all started with one man wanting to take care of his health so he could keep doing what he loved. Here’s the story.
It Started On the Golf Course
It was the late 1950s and Leland Swanson’s worst fear was starting to become reality—arthritis was setting in, threatening his golf game. Golf was his passion. He loved the game, but what he loved even more was playing with friends and family and getting to know people on the course who shared his passion. Arthritis was slowly taking it all away from him, and so began his lifelong journey down the path of natural health and wellness.
Leland read everything he could get his hands on in relation to arthritis and overall wellness, including countless books and articles by natural health pioneers such as Paul Bragg and Adelle Davis. He attended lectures and conversed with other health conscious individuals. Following up on what he learned, Leland began taking vitamin E supplements.
Leland’s commitment to health expanded in 1968 when he decided to share the wellness with others. He ordered 5,000 vitamin E capsules from an Ohio manufacturer and started advertising to consumers through the mail. Other nutritional supplements followed, and before long he was sending out small catalogs to potential customers. Swanson Health Products was born in 1969.
The Family Business is Born
When Swanson Health Products (SHP) opened, Leland declared that “the satisfaction and goodwill of our valued customers is our most important asset.” He pledged to “provide the world’s finest dietary supplements at the lowest possible prices with honest, outstanding customer service.” Those founding principles remain just as important today as they were back in 1969, and they remain that way because of the Swanson family vision.
While Leland’s oldest son Jay was working at a bank when Swanson operations began, younger son Lee was still in school and spent his free time helping his father. He was his father’s first employee, and together they started offering a line of basic nutritional supplements. SHP boomed in the 1970s as more people found out about their quality, pricing and service. “We went from zero customers in 1969 to about 30,000 by 1979,” Lee later noted.
Inviting You Into the Family
As Swanson Health Products continues to grow, so does our dedication to your health. Our commitment starts right at home in the Fargo community. Lee Swanson said, "We take our responsibilities of corporate citizenship very seriously. Fargo has been very good to us. This is our hometown and it is our duty to support the community in any way we can."
Not only does SHP care about Fargo, it’s also dedicated to customers worldwide. "We treat people as we like to be treated—like family," Lee said. "One of our major concerns from the very beginning was that our customers would feel like we were treating them like real people, not just numbers or dollar signs. We believe that our customers are our most important assets. That's why we try to deal with our customers on a personal, one-to-one basis."
Lee added that "Besides treating our customers well, we are in the unique position of being able to offer products direct to customers without going through a middleman. Because of that fact, we are able to save customers 50 to 70% on their nutritional supplement expenditures. And those savings are on some of the highest quality products in the world. We bend over backwards to bring the finest ingredients to our customers at the best prices possible."
If that’s not enough, Swanson goes another step beyond its competitors by offering powerful guarantees. All products are backed by 100% Satisfaction, Money Back Guarantee and Price Matching. As a leading supplement brand, SHP is Good Manufacturing Practices certified and also voluntarily participates in third-party supplement testing by independent organizations including ConsumerLab.com.
Our Dedication to You Endures
Swanson Health Products celebrated its 46th Anniversary in 2015. Lee Swanson commented on the company’s success: “At Swanson Health Products, we treat every customer like we would treat a good friend or neighbor, and I think most people appreciate that.
When you shop with Swanson, you can expect fast, friendly service every time. If you have questions, you get answers. If you have a problem with your order, you get the personal attention you need to solve it promptly. It's hard to put a dollar value on service like that, but I think it makes a huge difference.
When all is said and done, our affordable prices are probably the main reason most of our customers first start shopping with Swanson, but our outstanding award-winning customer service is the main reason they keep coming back. It's like my dad said back at the beginning, 'the satisfaction and goodwill of our valued customers is our most important asset.'"
In January 2016, Lee Swanson retired and Swanson Health Products was acquired by Swander Pace Capital, a private equity firm specializing in investments in growth-oriented, middle-market consumer products companies. Swanson remains dedicated to delivering the same high quality products and exceptional service our customers expect.
Save
Save
Get our best deals straight to your inbox!
Enter your email address
sign up
Your first offer is on the way!
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings opportunities!
Thank You! This email address is already signed up.
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at this address.
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request. Our apologies! Please try again later.
CUSTOMER CARE
ABOUT SWANSON
CAREERS
INTERNATIONAL
REFER A FRIEND
*promotion details
help
shipping
returns
our quality code
social responsibility
privacy & security
swanson cares
distributors
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Quality Code Seal
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
*Some exclusions apply. See Details
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Sales Tax: Sales tax indicated at checkout is an estimate. The sales tax charged to your credit card is calculated when your credit card charge is authorized on the date of shipment.
Sales tax charged reflects any applicable state and local taxes.
© 2020 Swanson® – Terms of Service – Privacy Policy – Sitemap
Essential Accessibility Icon
®
Easy Refill
Get your favorite products delivered automatically
10% off future orders of Swanson brand products in your subscription
FREE standard shipping on all future orders over $50
Control the frequency, delivery date, item quantity... or cancel at any time
Email reminders before each delivery
See all FAQs here
Add and Review Order
Add and Keep Shopping