http://www.online-funeral.com/privacy.htm
FOR FUNERAL HOMES:
Manage Your Account
Product
Details
How To Sign
Up
Help
FOR FAMILIES:
Our Services To
You
Find Your Loved
One
Virtual Tribute
Online Obituary
Broadcasting
Services
How To Login
Find Funeral
Homes
.
NEWS/INFORMATION:
About Us
Contact Us
News
Investor Relations
Partners
.
LOGIN:
To
view the Funeral services live.
Please enter the family
name and password provided by the deceased family
member.
Family Name
Password
Privacy
Policy
Online-Funeral.com is dedicated to protecting the privacy of its
visitors and subscribers. Our intent throughout our online
presence is to collect only the information we need to deliver
excellent service. We will not give, sell, trade, rent, disclose,
loan or make available any identifiable personal information about
you to any third party without first receiving your permission,
except when we believe, in good faith, that the law requires us to
do so.
As part of our service, we gather certain information about our
subscribers to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to
statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and
product offerings and to customize Online-Funeral.com’s content,
layout, and services. This may include personal information such
as e-mail addresses, and aggregate information such as the number
of “hits?our Site receives in a day. We believe these uses
allow us to improve our web site and better tailor it to meet our
users?needs.
We may also use some of this information to deliver helpful
information to you, which may include new services and advertising
and promotions that are targeted to your personal interests. In
addition, we may use your e-mail address, and phone number to
contact you regarding administrative notices, new product
offerings, and communications relevant to your use of Online-Funeral.com.
However you may elect not to receive some of this information by
notifying us via e-mail or by telephone at 416-363-2220. While we
use your information responsibly and cautiously, Online-Funeral.com
is sensitive to our users?online privacy concerns.
We may also use information learned about you through the service
and web site to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, and to
enforce our Subscriber Agreement. At times, we may look across
multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes. In order
to protect our subscribers, the service, and the web site, on rare
occasions we may evaluate users?information for security and
other purposes.
Online-Funeral.com
may disclose personal information if such information is
subpoenaed, or if Online-Funeral.com
believes a subscriber is using the service or web site to commit
unlawful acts or acts that endanger the health, safety, or welfare
of another user or the general public. In addition, we may be
required to disclose information to the government or third
parties under certain circumstances involving illegal acts, for
example, in the unlikely event that unauthorized third parties
unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private
communications.
Further, by signing the Subscriber Agreement, you authorize us to
disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other
government officials as we, in our sole unfettered discretion,
believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an
investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or
other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal
liability. By submitting your Subscriber Agreement, you authorize
us to disclose your User ID, name, street address, city, province,
postal code, country, phone number, e-mail, and company as we, in
our sole unfettered discretion, believe necessary or appropriate
in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual
property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
We have significant security measures in place in our physical
facilities, our computer systems, our databases and communications
networks to strictly protect information contained within our
systems from loss, misuse or alteration.
Online-Funeral is the leader in Internet solutions
for bereaved families and funeral homes
Websites for Bereaved Families Instantly Created by Funeral Homes
Online Stored Videos
Digital Photos
Testimonials
Real –Time
Videos
c
[Home] [News] [About Us]
[Investor Relations]
© 2002 by Online-Funeral.com  Please read our
Disclaimer
and Privacy
Notice.