http://www.weddingbands.com/servicepolicies.asp
Categories
Men's Wedding Bands
Women's Wedding Rings
Classic
Plain Bands
Diamond Bands
Modern Bands
Hand Made
Jewelry
Education
Services and Policies
Services and Policies
Privacy
Every Purchase Comes with...
Free Ring Box
Free USA Ground Shipping
30 Day Return Policy
Certificate of Appraisal for purchases of $1,000 or more
Certificate of Authenticity for purchases less than $1,000
WeddingBands.com offers 30 day Money Back Guarantee if for any reason you are not fully satisfied with your purchase.
All of our rings have a lifetime warranty against any manufacturing and workmanship defects.
At WeddingBands.com, no purchase is complete until you are 100% satisfied.
If for any reason you decide not to keep your wedding bands, you can return them to us within thirty
(30) days from the original date of shipping for a full refund of the purchase price (shipping charges are non refundable).
For detailed lifetime warranty information, click here.
To better serve you, we generate a pre-filled Return Material Authorizations (RMA) for all returned items.
Free Engraving Policy
WeddingBands.com offers Free Engraving at the time of every
purchase of a wedding band from WeddingBands.com.
Note: All engravings are on the
"inside" of the band. All free engravings (up to 50 characters) will be provided in standard script (combination
upper/lower case) or Roman [BLOCK] (all upper case), unless otherwise specified.
Engraving Other Languages
Depending on the language and the characters used, we can sometimes engrave in other languages.
Common languages we have engraved in before include Spanish, French, German, Italian, and Hebrew.
Please keep in mind we can only fulfill the request as long as we have suitable characters for the
language and final confirmation from you on the engraving. If you have another language not listed
here and want to know if we are able to engrave in that language, please contact our
Customer Service.
Our customer service representatives will thoroughly answer your inquiries.
We will do our best to accommodate your
engraving requests. However, some of our ring styles may not be suitable for engraving
as requested.
Free Shipping Policy
WeddingBands.com is pleased to offer Free USPS Ground Shipping in the United States of America for
the purchase of a wedding band from WeddingBands.com.
To take advantage of this service during the ordering process, select "USA Free Ground" from our
shipping options. We offer "USA Military-APO/FPO Free" shipping to our US Military Bases and Installations.
All packages sent to US Military Bases and Installations are sent by the United States Postal Service (USPS).
We also offer other shipping options to meet your needs. Please choose an appropriate service level
available to your area.
All of WeddingBands.com shipments are insured and require a signature for delivery.
For detailed shipping and delivery information, click here.
Privacy Policy
When you checkout on our site, we collect personal information you submit such as your name,
e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections and
credit card or other payment information.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to others.
We use the information collected only for the purposes of filling orders.
We share only necessary
information with the third parties that are involved in the order process, such as the financial
institution that issued your credit card.
If any questions arise about your order
we will contact you first by email and then, if necessary, by phone.
×
Ring Box Example
Information
About Us
WeddingBands Blog
FAQ
About Our Rings
Ring Size Chart
Free Ring Sizer
Order Status
Policies
Service and Policies
Lifetime Warranty
Delivery
Education
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Sitemap
Contact
Contact Us
Call Us: +1 (888) 422-4333
CustomerService@WeddingBands.com
© Copyright
1995-2020 WeddingBands.com. All rights reserved