http://www.memorabilia-uk.co.uk/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
1. MEMORABILIA UK may set and access Cookies on your computer. First-party Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 1 [and third-party Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 2. All Cookies used by the Web Site are used in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011. MEMORABILIA UK has carefully chosen these Cookies and uses them to facilitate certain functions and features of the Web Site. We also use Cookies for analytics purposes. These Cookies track your movements and activities on the Web Site and are designed to give us a better understanding of our users, thus enabling us to improve the Web Site and our services.
2. [Before the Web Site sets Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. None of the Cookies set by the Web Site jeopardise your privacy in any way and no personal data is collected.] By giving your consent to the setting of our Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you through our Web Site. If you wish to deny your consent to the placing of Cookies, certain features of the Web Site may not function fully or as intended.
3. Certain features of the Web Site depend upon Cookies to function and are deemed, within the law, to be strictly necessary. These Cookies are detailed in Schedule 1A. You will not be asked for your consent to place these Cookies however you may still disable cookies via your web browser’s settings as set out in sub-Clause 4
4. You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser. By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of Services available on the Web Site.
5. You may delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Web Site more quickly.
6. The Web Site uses the third-party Cookies detailed in Schedule 2 for the purposes described therein. These Cookies are not integral to the services provided by the Web Site to you and may be blocked at your choosing via your internet browser’s privacy settings or via your response to the request for consent detailed in sub-Clause 2.
7. It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your browser if you are unsure as to how to adjust your privacy settings.
Schedule 1: First-Party Cookies
Name of Cookie       acceptCookies
Purpose                    To remember your decision to accept cookies so you do not have to tell us again.  This is
only created if you choose to accept cookies.
Schedule 1A: Strictly Necessary Cookies
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Schedule 2: Third-Party Cookies
Name of Cookie       K, guest_id, pid
Name of Provider    Twitter
Purpose                    Needed to display the Twitter feed at the bottom of the page
Name of Cookie       _utmz, _utmc, _utmb, _utma
Name of Provider    Google
Purpose                    Google Analytics is used to provide feedback to help us improve our site and its’
usability.
Name of Cookie       Hupspotutk, hsfirstvisit, hubspotvm, hubspotvw, hubspotvd, _hssc, _hssrc, _hstc
Name of Provider    Hubspot
Purpose                    Hubspot logging code helps us to understand what customers are interested in so we
can tailor our content to be more informative.
Name of Cookie       UIDR, UID, _uset, _stid
Name of Provider    Share This
Purpose                    Needed to display the share this bar on the right hand side.
Search
View prices in
£
€
$
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email Address
*
An excellent service, with the autographs and pictures professionally authenticated, presented and mounted - a perfect present.
May I also commend your packing, which resisted the most strenuous efforts of the Royal Mail's package mangling department!
Mike Wedge, Co Durham
Read more testimonials
© 2014 - 2020 Memorabilia UK
TJS Web Design Lincolnshire