http://www.alyssaashley.com/pages/privacy-policy
Salta al contenuto
La mia storia
La mia Boutique
Fragranze eterne
Musk
Tribute to Musk
White musk
Patchouli
Ambre gris
Fragranze prêt-a-porter
Vanilla
Cocovanilla
Fizzy
Purple elixir
Green Tea
Cura del corpo
Crema Corpo e Mani
Bagnoschiuma e Bagnodoccia
Deodorante
Acqua Profumata
Back to nature
Aloe Vera & Bamboo
Tiare & almond
Ginger & curcuma
Marijane
Il mio universo
Fragranze eterne
Musk
White Musk
Patchouli
Ambre Gris
Fragranze prêt-a-porter
Vanilla
Cocovanilla
Fizzy
Purple Elixir
Green Tea
Back to nature
Biolab
Marijane
Musk
Patchouli
Ambre gris
Il mio diario
Scopri e partecipa
Chiedi all'espertoIdentikit olfattivo
Contatti
Store
Eur
Us
Ca
Lingua
Carrello
Il tuo carrello è vuoto
The ADVENT CALENDAR is only available in Europe
image/svg+xml
Privacy Policy of www.alyssaashley.com
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; phone number
Displaying content from external platforms
Instagram widget and Google Maps widget
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Further information about Personal Data
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account
used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
ALYSSA ASHLEY - CEDIP SAM5, Avenue des Citronnier98000 MCMonaco
Owner contact email: info@alyssaashley.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
ALYSSA ASHLEY - CEDIP SAM5, Avenue des Citronnier98000 MCMonaco
Owner contact email: info@alyssaashley.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Usage Data; Cookies; email address; first name; phone number.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User,
or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application
to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users
who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves
the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational
procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales,
marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner.
The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any
other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter
into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a
country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and
about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information
provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the
relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period
whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right
to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious
or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Tag Management, Analytics, Displaying content from external platforms and Contacting the User.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them
with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (this Application)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature
concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: email address; first name; phone number.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where
the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Instagram widget (Instagram, Inc.)
Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralized fashion.This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention
of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Further information about Personal Data
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank
account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Application depends on the payment system used.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section
below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing
it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted
to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual
obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground
related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for
direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one
month.
Dimmi la tua
EN
IT
EN
IT