http://www.courtesyparts.com/policies/privacy
Courtesy Nissan Security and Privacy PoliciesSecurity PolicyWe provide the use of a secure server (SSL) when you place your order.Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol automatically encrypts all of your personal information (name, address, credit card) so that it cannot be read as it travels through the Internet. All information is encrypted by the software before it is sent to us. Afterwards, all access to this information is limited and protected against unauthorized use. As soon as we process your order, we place all your order information in an off-line (not connected to the Internet) database and then delete your order information from the web site secure server. We do not store your credit card information on our web server.Privacy PolicyCourtesy Nissan is committed to protecting your online shopping experience.We only use information we collect from you to process orders and to ensure the best online shopping experience. When you place an order, we collect your name, address, telephone number, credit card number, card expiration date and e-mail address. We use this information to process and fill your order and to contact you about the order. The e-mail address collected here will not be sold or shared with any other companies.We use "cookies" on the site."Cookies" are small fragments of information stored by your browser, in a text file, on your hard drive. This information allows us to remember certain data about your previous visits to our site, such as pages you have visited, preferences, etc. We do not use "cookies" to store any personally identifying information. The "cookies" we use will not tell us who you are, your IP address or any other personal information. We see you as an anonymous visitor. If you do not want to receive "cookies", you can turn them off in your browser, and you will still be able to view our web site, however, without "cookies" turned on, your shopping basket will not function properly.E-mail addresses and other information that you send us from the order forms are not used for marketing purposes and are not made available to anyone outside of Courtesy Nissan.We currently do not offer e-mail newsletters, special offers, or other sales promotions.We do NOT make your e-mail addresses or any other information available to any other companies. Your e-mail address will NOT be released to any third party companies.So, who are you guys?Courtesy Nissan1777 N. Central ExpwyRichardson (Dallas), Texas 75080 USACall us if you have any questions at 1.800.527.1909