http://www.horsetrainingvideos.com/terms-of-service.htm
Navigation
Home
About
Horse Training Videos
Tack
Free Membership
Terms Of Service
If you browse, sign up or use this website in any way, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern HorseTrainingVideos.com’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
If you request to receive horse training content or information about horse activities, these will be delivered via email or the pages of this website. This website uses cookies to give the visitor a better user experience.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please exit now and do not use this website.
If you reside in a country which is a member of the “European Union”, (or any country) you have the right to ask about your privacy or if your information is used.
It should be noted, we do not share or sell any personal information about our users, members or customers.
Detailed legal terminology is outlined below.
However, here it is in plain English:
Do not share your login information with your friends. Doing so will cost me a small fortune in internet bandwidth charges.
It will also trigger the membership software to automatically lock your account.
Use the information on this website at your own risk. Horses and horse activity is dangerous. I offer no guarantees it’ll help you with your horse in your situation. Good judgement is your responsibility.
Membership to any of the online training courses or any use of this website, is a privilege governed solely by Larry Trocha and staff.
Your membership can be terminated at any time.
If this happens, any appropriate refunds will be given to the terminated member.
Also, if a member or customer returns a product or cancels a membership, unjustly asking for a refund… he may not be allowed to use this website or repurchase at a later date.
Use the information contained on DVDs sold on this website at your own risk. Horse activity is dangerous and we accept no responsibility for injury to you or your horse.
All content, images, videos and DVDs on this website are protected by copyright law.
If it’s discovered you have copied or distributed ANYTHING here… YOU WILL BE PROSECUTED TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW.
Software is in place to track down thieves who try to steal this website’s content.
The term ‘HorseTrainingVideos.com’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 25595 Graham Road, Galt, California, USA. 95632
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the videos, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of USA.
Larry Trocha
HorseTrainingVideos.com
Go Back
Contact Us
Clinics – Special Events
FREE Shipping Qualification
FREE Horse Training Videos
Shopping Cart
Cutting Horse Videos
Reining Horse Videos
Lessons – Horses Trained
Guarantee Policy
Horses For Sale
Horse Training Tack
Affiliate Program