https://www.wildadv.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content HomePrivacy PolicyWe have created this privacy statement for Wildadv.com in order to demonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by those visiting and interacting with www.wildadv.com. We hold the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy and our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.What Information Do We Collect? When you visit this web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.1. Personal Information You Choose to ProvideEmail InformationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone. 2. Web Site Use Information Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and web server log files to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site.How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing the products and services you requested, to process your payment, , to monitor the use of the service, our marketing and promotional efforts and improve our content and service offerings, and customize our site’s content, layout, services and for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs.Furthermore, such information may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Personally identifiable information or business information will not be shared with parties except as required by law.Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the link provided on the newsletter.What Are Cookies? A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies? As you visit and browse our Web site, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our clients. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.DoubleClick DART cookies We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (”interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adservingYou can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.IP Addresses IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.Sharing and Selling Information We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identify a subscriber (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested.How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at the usual address.What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information? We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site? We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.Your Consent By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice.Our Commitment To Data Security:Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out This site allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive future messages. After unsubscribing we will discontinue sending the particular messages as soon as technically feasible.Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.A Special Note About ChildrenChildren are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.Acquisition or Changes in OwnershipIn the event that the web site (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.Policy Modifications We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If/when changes are made to this privacy policy, we will email users who have given us permission to do so. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please be assured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent. Compensation Disclosure When it comes to buying products or services when using the internet, it is recommended that you should always conduct your own investigations. This includes buying any products or services sold from this website and all other websites.EARNINGS DISCLOSUREMaterial ConnectionUnless we have stated otherwise, you should always assume that when products or services are made reference to, they are made because there exists a material connection between the website owner and the providers of the products and services displayed. It should be noted that this is not always the case.Good Faith RecommendationsThe owners of this site will always recommend products and services based in part on a good faith belief that the supply of such products or services will help the person obtaining them. The owner has good faith belief, because the owner has either tried the products or services prior to making any recommendations, or the owners have researched the products or services based on the supplier’s history. The recommendations made by the owner about the products or services are honest opinions based on facts known to the owner at the time a product or service is mentioned on the website.TestimonialsThe owner has conducted all steps possible to verify the testimonials that appear on this site. They are treated as average user expectations based on the information that was available at the time of publishing them. They are not exaggerations of user results which we do not entertain in any form. Enquiries have been made to confirm their authenticity at all times. If a claim sounds untrue then the owners regard this as such and do not publish this on the website.Where extracts have been displayed from other reviewers, forum posts, and otherwise user comments, these are in no way indicative of any kind of verifiable results. All visitors are strongly cautioned to conduct their own due diligence prior to making a purchase displayed on this site.In order to protect you, should the claims be unfounded, all such products are provided with a 100% money back guarantee by a reputable third party, which have all be verified as genuine and safe to use. As a result of this, the supply of services or products is additionally supported by the 100% money back guarantee for complete peace of mind.Our aim is to be 100% honest at all times. If however you find something displayed on this site, which you do not agree with, then please contact us immediately and we will look into it. We reserve the right to withdraw the display of any product or service that does not reach our very high levels of satisfaction without any prior notice. Any honesty and integrity is important to us at all times.Potential Bias and Due DiligenceThe owners’ opinion about a product or service may be partially formed in part on the fact that the owner is likely to receive compensation for the product or service. The nature of the relationship is sufficient to establish a material connection between the owner and the provider. There will be instances where the owner will not receive compensation relating to the products or services on this website. You should assume that the owner has a material relationship with the product or services suppliers, because the owner has received or is likely to receive something of monetary value from the supplier. You should always perform your own due diligence before purchasing a product or service mentioned on this website.CompensationThe type of compensation may vary, from receiving payment for a product or service, or receiving complementary products or services. The owner is therefore likely to receive monetary compensation when you make a purchase for a product or service after clicking the affiliate link displayed.Questions Regarding Any PurchasesThe owners aim is to provide the best products and services available to you. If you have any questions regarding any such purchases, then please contact us immediately and we will do what we can to answer them or rectify any issues you may have.© Copyright Wildadv.com · All Rights Reserved.Advertiser Disclosure: Wildadv.com has an advertising relationship with some of the offers included on this page. Wildadv.com strives to keep its information accurate and up to date. The information found here could be different from what you find when visiting a sporting goods store, service provider or a specific product’s website. All products are presented without warranty.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy