https://www.onlyglobes.com/terms_privacy.asp
Toll Free: 1-888-777-7919
My Account
Contact Us
FAQ
Track Order
My Cart:00 item(s)Total: $0.00
Toggle navigation
Home
Floor Globes
Gemstone Globes
Bar Globes
Personalized Globes
Maps
Fliter Menu
Categories
Home
Floor Globes
Gemstone Globes
Bar Globes
Personalized Globes
Maps
Globes by Price
Globes by Price
$100.00 & Lower
$100.01 - $300.00
$300.01 - $500.00
$500.01 & Higher
Gem Globes by Price
Red Globes
gold globes
Globes by Size
Deal of the Day
Globes by Size
10" & Smaller
12" Globes
13" Globes
14" Globes
15" Globes
16" Globes
20" & Larger
Gemstone Globes by Size
Globe Information
About Us
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
My Account
Order Status
Returns
Globes by Color
Globes by Color
Antique Globes
Aqua Marine Globes
Black Globes
Blue Globes
Bronze Globes
Brown Globes
Clear Globes
Gray Globes
Green Globes
Mother-of-Pearl Globes
Opal Globes
Orange - Red Globes
Pink Globes
Purple Globes
Silver Globes
White Globes
Yellow Globes
Globes by Type
Globes by Type
Bargain Bin Globes
Deal of the Day!
Blank Globes
Bookend Globes
Contemporary Globes
Crystal Globe Awards
Desk - Tabletop Globes
Desk - Tabletop - Antique Ocean
Desk - Tabletop - Blue Ocean
Educational Globes
Engravable Globes
Floating Globes
Floor Globes
Floor Globes - Antique Ocean
Floor Globes - Blue Ocean
Floor Globes - Metal Stands
Floor Globes - Wooden Stands
Foreign Language Globes
Frank Lloyd Wright Globe Collection®
Gemstone Globes
Gift Globes
Illuminated & Raised Relief
Illuminated Globes
Illuminated Desk Tabletop Globes
Illuminated Floor Globes
Italian Bar Globes
Large Globes
Levitating Globes
Personalized Globes
Puzzle Globes
Raised Relief Globes
Raised Relief Desk Tabletop Globes
Raised Relief Floor Globes
Replica Globes
Rotating Globes
Specialty Globes
Tom Torrens' Globes
Globes by Brand
Globes by Brand
Atmosphere Globes
Authentic Models Globes
Kalifano Globes
Alexander Kalifano Desk Globes
Alexander Kalifano Floor Globes
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Bookend Globes
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Globes by Color
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Globes Mini Collection
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Maps
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Paperweights
Alexander Kalifano Gemstone Pen Sets
Alexander Kalifano World In Your Hand Gemstone Globes
Mova Globes
National Geographic Globes
Ravensburger Globes
Replogle Globes
Replogle Desk - Tabletop Globes
Replogle Floor Globes
Stellanova Globes
Waypoint Geographic
Waypoint Geographic Floor Globes
Zoffoli Globes
Gemstone Globes
Gemstone Globes
Desk - Tabletop
3" Gemstone Globes
4" - 5" Gemstone Globes
6" Gemstone Globes
9" Gemstone Globes
13" Gemstone Globes
13" & Larger Gemstone Floor Globes
Gemstone - USA Divided
Gemstone Bookends
Gemstone by Price
$100.00 & Lower
$100.01 - $200.00
$200.01 - $300.00
$300.01 - $500.00
$500.01 - $800.00
$800.01 & Higher
Gemstone Globe In Hand
Gemstone Globe Keychains
Gemstone Paperweights
Gemstone Pens
Fountain Pens
Globe Bottle Stoppers
Alexander Kalifano Globes
Maps
Maps
Atlas Sets
Bulletin Board Map
County Maps
County Maps of Alabama
County Maps of Alaska
County Maps of Arizona
County Maps of Arkansas
County Maps of California
County Maps of Colorado
County Maps of Connecticut
County Maps of Delaware
County Maps of Florida
County Maps of Georgia
County Maps of Hawaii
County Maps of Idaho
County Maps of Illinois
County Maps of Indiana
County Maps of Iowa
County Maps of Kansas
County Maps of Kentucky
County Maps of Louisiana
County Maps of Maine
County Maps of Maryland
County Maps of Massachusetts
County Maps of Michigan
County Maps of Minnesota
County Maps of Mississippi
County Maps of Missouri
County Maps of Montana
County Maps of Nebraska
County Maps of Nevada
County Maps of New Hampshire
County Maps of New Jersey
County Maps of New Mexico
County Maps of New York
County Maps of North Carolina
County Maps of North Dakota
County Maps of Ohio
County Maps of Oklahoma
County Maps of Oregon
County Maps of Pennsylvania
County Maps of Rhode Island
County Maps of South Carolina
County Maps of South Dakota
County Maps of Tennessee
County Maps of Texas
County Maps of Utah
County Maps of Vermont
County Maps of Virginia
County Maps of Washington
County Maps of West Virginia
County Maps of Wisconsin
County Maps of Wyoming
Framed Maps
Framed International Maps
Framed State Maps
Framed USA Maps
Framed Vintage Maps
Framed World Maps
International Maps
Light Travels Maps
Map & Globe Sets
Maps of Continents
Maps of Africa
Maps of Antarctica
Maps of Asia
Maps of Australia
Maps of Europe
Maps of North America
Maps of South America
Maps of US History
Maps of World History
National Geographic Maps
Personalized Maps
Push Pin Map
Raven Maps
Raven Mexico Map
Raven North America Map
Raven Raised Relief Maps
Raven State Maps
Raven US Maps
Raven World Maps
School Maps
Atlas Sets for Schools
Map & Globe Sets
Map Sets for Schools
Maps of Continents for Schools
Primary 3 - 8 School Maps
Primary 6 - 12 School Maps
Primary K - 3 School Maps
State Maps for Schools
United States Maps for Schools
World Maps for Schools
State Maps
Alabama Map
Alaska Map
Arizona Map
Arkansas Map
California Map
Canada Map
Colorado Map
Connecticut Map
Delaware Map
Florida Map
Georgia Map
Hawaii Map
Idaho Map
Illinois Map
Indiana Map
Iowa Map
Kansas Map
Kentucky Map
Louisiana Map
Maine Map
Maryland Map
Massachusetts Map
Michigan Map
Minnesota Map
Mississippi Map
Missouri Map
Montana Map
Nebraska Map
Nevada Map
New Hampshire Map
New Jersey Map
New Mexico Map
New York Map
North Carolina Map
North Dakota Map
Ohio Map
Oklahoma Map
Oregon Map
Pennsylvania Map
Rhode Island Map
South Carolina Map
South Dakota Map
State Wall Maps
Tennessee Map
Texas Map
Utah Map
Vermont Map
Virginia Map
Washington Map
West Virginia Map
Wisconsin Map
Wyoming Map
United States Maps
US / World / State Map Sets
World Maps
Zip Code Maps
State Zip Code Maps
Other Items
Other Items
Decorative Bookends
Animal Bookends
Antler Bookends
Black Bookends
Book Bookends
Bookends By Material
Bookends by Price
Bookends Featuring Children
Children's Bookends
Classical Bookends
Dancing Bookends
Globe Bookends
Indian Bookends
Musical Bookends
Nature Bookends
Nautical Bookends
President Bookends
Professional Bookends
Religious Bookends
Set of 3 or More Bookends
Shoe Bookends
Sports Bookends
Truck - Car Bookends
Western Bookends
Whimsical Bookends
Globe Paperweights
Lightravels Maps
Globe Information
Are the globes current?
Globe Colors
How are globes made?
Replacement Globes
Why are Globes Tilted?
Finding locations
Globe time dial
How to make your own globe
What is a Meridian?
Globe Cleaning
Globes vs. Atlas
Replacement Bulbs
What is Raised Relief?
Customer Testimonials
I received my gemstone globe yesterday and it is absolutely beautiful!! I love it. Thank you so much for all of your assistance.
You were a big help & I appreciate it so much...
Darnelle G.- New York City
Thank you!
My order arrived yesterday; it was on my doorstep when I arrived home.
I checked it over, it was in perfect condition.
Thank you for your fast response so that..
Janet L.- Bend, Oregon
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include OnlyGlobes.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
My Account
•  My Account
•  Log In / Register
•  Gift Certificates
OnlyGlobes.com
•  About Us
•  Contact Us
•  All About Globes
•  Privacy Policy
Customer Service
•  Track Order
•  Returns / Exchanges
•  Shipping Questions
•  Return Policy
•  FAQ
•  I Have a Question
Contact Us
OnlyGlobes.com
P.O. Box 213
795 College
Boulevard
Osage Beach, MO 65065
Toll-Free 1-888-777-7919
Fax 1-888-802-9190
Email: info@onlyglobes.com
Newsletter Subscribe
We Accept Purchase Orders:
Copyright ©
| Built with Volusion.