http://www.feldmanfurniture.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy								 Your privacy is very important to us.We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. We want you to fully understand our privacy practices and therefore we have created this section to help you fully evaluate our practices and answer privacy questions.If you have additional questions, you may send email to info@feldmanfurniture.comFeldmanFurniture.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users` trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site www.feldmanfurniture.com. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Alex Gor, Customer service by info@feldmanfurniture.com, 1-877-500-3683 , 75 Rutgers St Belleville, NJ 07109. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php. TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
Overview.
The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and subdomains of www.feldmanfurniture.com (the "Site") and apply generally to our subsidiaries or joint venture websites. By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services, we collect from you and what may happen to that information. We have prepared a detailed policy and we believe you should know as much as possible about www.feldmanfurniture.com practices so that you can make informed decisions. All of our subsidiaries and joint ventures operate under similar privacy practices as described in this Privacy Policy and, subject to the requirements of applicable law, we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout the www.feldmanfurniture.com.By accepting the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the terms of the www.feldmanfurniture.com User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on 12/12/2006 for all users.
A Special Note About Children.
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Site unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Site in conjunction with and under the supervision of your parents or guardians.
Information We Collect.
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact and identity information, billing information, shipping information and other personal information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on the Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our customers and it is not tight to personal identifiable information. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on the Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on the Site or not), your computer browser information and your IP address.We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Our Use Of Your Information.
We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request such as billing and shipping purposes. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy.
Access To Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@feldmanfurniture.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.Phone: 1-877-500-3683Address:FeldmanFurniture.com 75 Rutgers St Belleville, NJ 07109
Security.
www.feldmanfurniture.com uses industry-standard, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to ensure that your information is encrypted.Your information is stored on www.feldmanfurniture.com s servers located in the United States. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
Our Disclosure Of Your Information.
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services.Agents. We use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.Legal Requests. www.feldmanfurniture.com cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, UserID history and fraud complaints without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity.
Your Feedback.
To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us at: info@feldmanfurniture.com
Notice.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. By posting minor amended terms on the Site those terms shall automatically be effective. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent.If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.We use session ID cookies only. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser.
Bulletin Boards/chat Rooms
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Choice/opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at info@feldmanfurniture.comYou will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
3rd Party Cookies
Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies.This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.feldmanfurniture.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Tell-a-friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. www.feldmanfurniture.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.Your friend may contact us at info@feldmanfurniture.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Affiliates
We do not share PII with the companies or individuals participating in our affiliation program.
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer s name. We do obtain the customer s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.Customers may contact us at info@feldmanfurniture.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Have a question? Call us at: 1 (718) 872-7172 Email Us: info@feldmanfurniture.com
Hours:
Open Now Closed Today Closed Now  (CST)
Monday - Friday 10:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Saturday 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Sunday 10:00 AM - 6:00 AM
Find us on:
Newsletter Signup Join Our Giveaway & News Mailing List
Join
Thank you for joining!
Address 						2330 McDonald Ave 						Brooklyn, NY 11223