http://www.americanmint.com/terms-and-conditions
GoldSilverPlatinumU.S. CurrencyCommemorativesOther ProductsAccessoriesUnique and Rare
To category Gold
Solid Gold
Gold-Layered
Half Dollar Gold Coins
Gold Coins
Gold Coins
For thousands of years, gold has been a symbol of wealth and status; today, it is considered a safe, long-term investment for everyone. Considered “the most beautiful type of gold investment,” gold coins offer a unique and...
learn more
To category Silver
Solid Silver
Silver-Plated
Silver Dollar Coins
Silver Coins
Silver Coins
One of the oldest materials used in the minting of coins, silver has long been a favorite material of both serious numismatists and casual collectors. Silver bullion coins are staples in many collections, as are silver-plated...
learn more
To category Platinum
Platinum Eagle Coins
Platinum Coins
Platinum Coins
Silvery-white platinum metal resembles white gold or silver in appearance. Often used in jewelry and industrial products, platinum is a rare precious metal that is always in high demand. From a numismatist's perspective, platinum...
learn more
To category U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Silver Eagle
Presidential Dollars
Commemorative Quarters
Uncirculated
Commemoratives
Antiques
Enhanced Legal Tender Coins
Gold-Layered
Colorized
In Keepsafe Display
Replicas
Rare
Golden
Silvered
Trials
Banknote Coins
U.S. Currencies
U.S. Coins for Sale
The United States Dollar remains a strong currency today and is one of the primary currencies used in most international transactions. U.S. currency is also popular with collectors who determine the value of a piece based on...
learn more
To category Commemoratives
Presidents
Abraham Lincoln Coins
Franklin D. Roosevelt Coins
Barack Obama Coins
Ronald Reagan Coins
Dwight D. Eisenhower Coins
Donald Trump Coins
George W. Bush Coins
George Washington Coins
Thomas Jefferson Coins
John F. Kennedy Coins
American History
U.S. Constitution Coins
Patriotic
Military
Civil War 150th Anniversary
Nostalgia/20th Century
Air, Space and Sea
Wildlife
Religious
Christian Coins
Pope Francis Coins
Foreign Coins
Ancient Coins
Coins & Commemoratives
Commemorative Coins
One of the best things about collecting coins is that it provides a lens through which you can explore a range of different subjects. Of course, you don't have to be a dedicated collector to enjoy the variety of...
learn more
To category Other Products
Knives
Pocket Knives
Bowie Knives
Themes
Falkner Knives
Deer Knives
Eagle Pocket Knives
Other
Jewelry
Collectibles
Are coins not your thing? American Mint offers a wide variety of collectible pieces, such as Knives and even fine Jewelry. Pick your favorite category and start collecting today.
learn more
To category Accessories
Collectors' Accessories
Coin Collecting Accessories
Caring for your collectibles is essential for preserving their appearance and protecting their long-term value. From genuine antique currency to organizing and maintaining your treasured collection requires...
learn more
To category Unique and Rare
Service Center
1-877-807-MINT
We´re happy to be here for you!
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT (6468)
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Friday and 10AM to 8PM on Saturday
contact@americanmint.com
About us
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Close menu
Categories
Gold
Silver
Platinum
U.S. Currency
Commemoratives
Other Products
Accessories
Unique and Rare
News
Information
Contact
Newsletter
Satisfaction Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
News from the Mint
All purchases on USLongevity.com website are subject to the following terms and conditions ("Sales Terms and Conditions").
Terms of Use
By using the USLongevity.com website (the "Site") visitors agree to the following terms of use ("Terms"). Your access and/or use of the U.S. Longevity Institute website ("USLongevity.com website ") will signify acceptance of the following terms and conditions stated in this legal notice. If you do not agree to these terms, do not access or use USLongevity.com website. These terms and conditions are subject to change from time to time without notice by updating or revising this legal notice. You are responsible for reviewing USLongevity.com website for any modifications to these terms and conditions that may affect your rights or obligations. Any access or use after changes to these terms and conditions will constitute acceptance of the revised terms. The material contained in this website has been checked for accuracy. However, U.S. Longevity Institute website makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and it is supplied without any expressed or implied warranties. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the site is provided to you "AS IS" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Site visitors should check local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusions of implied warranties. U.S. Longevity Institute website reserves the right to discontinue or change product specifications and prices without prior notice. Products are available while supplies last. Special offers may not be combined. Inadvertent errors in advertised prices are not binding on USLongevity.com, and may be adjusted by U.S. Longevity Institute website at any time. Your order placement and receipt of an order confirmation do not constitute final acceptance of an order by U.S. Longevity Institute website. Certain information may be checked and confirmed prior to accepting your order. Your order, or any portion thereof, may be declined by U.S. Longevity Institute even after your receipt of an order confirmation.Other than specific customer contact, order and payment information, all ideas, suggestions, or other communications you submit to U.S. Longevity Institute will be on a non-confidential basis. U.S. Longevity Institute and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, transfer and distribute such ideas, suggestions, and communications without limitation or obligation.Links to other Internet sites operated by third parties, including U.S. Longevity Institute vendors, do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by U.S. Longevity Institute of the content, policies, or practices of such linked sites. U.S. Longevity Institute is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked sites, including without limitation the accuracy of content on linked sites and the privacy policies and practices of linked sites. Access to and use of any linked site will be at your own risk. Under no circumstances will U.S. Longevity Institute or its parents, affiliates, or any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the site or their respective directors, officers, employees, or agents be liable to you or any third party for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive or other damages, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, including negligence, arising in any way out of access to or use of or inability to access or use USLongevity.com or any linked site or arising out of its contents or any errors or omissions in its contents, including but not limited to lost profits, business interruption or loss of programs or other data on computer systems or otherwise, even if U.S. Longevity Institute is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. U.S. Longevity Institute does not warrant or represent that your access to or use of USLongevity.com or any linked site will be uninterrupted or free of errors or omissions, that defects will be corrected, or that USLongevity.com or any linked site is free of computer viruses or other harmful components.
Pricing
All U.S. Longevity Institute products are priced in U.S. dollars. Pricing is subject to change without prior notice due to increased materials costs, manufacturing costs, licensing fees, shipping and handling charges, and other factors. The total cost of your order is equal to the price of your selected items plus $6.99 shipping and handling, and applicable taxes. If the item you are ordering is part of a continuity subscription plan, the price stated may only be for the first shipment. You are under no obligation to purchase any additional products and may cancel your subscription at any time by contacting U.S. Longevity us at 1-888-898-6673.
Credit Card Security
All purchases at USLongevity.com require a valid credit card or PayPal account For your convenience, USLongevity.com accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Discover and PayPal payments. U.S. Longevity Institute fully complies with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS), a worldwide information security standard created to help organizations prevent credit card fraud. For more information, please visit www.pcisecuritystandards.org. Personal information is kept in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act, and all information is protected through use of Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts your personal information.
Errors
While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all information, we reserve the right to make corrections if an error does occur. In the event of an error, we will notify you in advance of shipment of your purchase. You will be given the option of reconfirming your order or canceling it within the time period stated in the notice. If we do not receive your response within the stated time period, your order will be canceled.
Order Acceptance Terms
Orders are not valid until accepted by U.S. Longevity Institute. U.S. Longevity Institute reserves the right to accept, reject, or cancel at any time prior to shipping any order, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion. In the event a particular product is sold out, U.S. Longevity Institute reserves the right to process a partial order or make a partial or full refund at its sole discretion. Prices and product availability are subject to change without notice. U.S. Longevity Institute reserves the right to limit quantities and may discontinue accepting orders at any time. Please allow 1-4 weeks for delivery.
Copyrights
Copyrights in the documents and material on USLongevity.com and in any other U.S. Longevity Institute electronic and/or physical materials are owned by or licensed to U.S. Longevity Institute. You are authorized to use this material only for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may download, print, store copies, and photocopy this material for your own personal, non-commercial use. The images of people or places displayed on USLongevity.com and in any other U.S. Longevity Institute electronic and/or physical materials are either the property of, or used with permission of, U.S. Longevity Institute. The uses of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms and conditions. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Nothing contained on USLongevity.com or in any other U.S. Longevity Institute electronic and/or physical materials should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed by U.S. Longevity Institute without the written permission of U.S. Longevity Institute or any third party that may own the trademarks or service marks displayed on USLongevity.com or in any other U.S. Longevity Institute electronic and/or physical materials . U.S. Longevity Institute will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Compliance with Laws
Access to and use of our site is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
Site Content
The trademarks, logos, service marks, and other materials on our site including but not limited to all visual images and text are the property of U.S. Longevity Institute or third parties who have consented to its use by us. Use of any of the foregoing marks or materials without our written consent or that of the third party owner is prohibited. All site content is protected by copyright laws; any copying, distribution, transmission, or any other use of site content for any purpose whatsoever is prohibited.
Children
We do not knowingly solicit data from children, nor do we knowingly market to children.
Changes to Terms
U.S. Longevity Institute reserves the right to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time at our sole discretion. For the latest terms and conditions, please visit USLongevity.com and click on the Terms and Conditions link on the homepage.
Health and Product Disclaimer
The information provided on the USLongevity.com website is for informational purposes only.  If you have specific questions about vitamin supplements or you wish to make a change in your diet, exercise, medication or supplement routine, please consult your physician or other trusted health care professional.  The statements and products on USLongevity.com website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.  Products marketed on the USLongevity.com website are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Viewed
Personal customer service – we´re happy to be here for you!
Do you have any questions or concerns?
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT Fax: (717)-458-9217
Hours of operation:
8am to 8pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday 10am to 8pm Eastern Time Saturday
OUR AMERICAN MINT ADVANTAGES
TRUSTED PARTNER OF AMERICAN COLLECTORS
You will benefit from our experienced staff and international trade partners: we can offer you select rarities at especially fair prices. Look forward to interesting news and special offers, and use our personal discounts to discover new collection topics and fine rarities.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE 21-DAY RETURN POLICY
Your satisfaction is guaranteed. If you're not pleased with an item you receive, you may return it within 21 days for a full refund of the purchase price.
FREE S&H for orders over $150
Save on delivery. When you spend $150 or more, shipping and handling is on us.
X
Don't Miss Out!
Looking for gold and silver coins? Sign up for the American Mint newsletter and be the first to receive the latest deals on genuine U.S. currency and exclusive American Mint commemoratives.
First Name*
Last Name
E-Mail*
Submit
Thank you!
X
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may request Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and do not want us to sell your personal information as explained in our Privacy Policy, please fill out and submit the form below.
Thank you!
}