http://www.espares.co.uk/terms
Skip to main content
Menu
Menu
Search
Advice Centre
Account
Search
Search
Search
Search
OVER 1 MILLION SPARES
500+ How To Videos
PRICE MATCH GUARANTEE
Excellent Reviews
Over 4 million customers served
Part assist UK call centre
Over 237,000 Reviews!
Rated 4.7/5
9.8 million parts delivered
Next day delivery until 9:00PM
Home
Terms & Conditions
Our success is based on strong traditions of quality, value for money and a genuine care for our customers. Therefore we sincerely apologise in advance for how extremely boring our Terms and Conditions are; our legal team makes us do it!
Without further ado:
eSpares Terms & Conditions
These Terms & Conditions govern your use of the eSpares service and website. By visiting the eSpares website you accept, and agree to, the content of these Terms & Conditions. We reserve the right to change the Terms & Conditions at any time and it is your responsibility to check regularly before ordering. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Terms of Contract
When you place an order via our website (https://www.espares.co.uk) we will treat that action as an offer to buy. Once the order is placed you will receive confirmation in the form of an email and at this time we enter into a contract with you.
Product Specifications & Suitability
Published product details, specifications and suitability information is the best available at the time. eSpares shall not be held responsible for the accuracy of any advice given regarding the suitability (or otherwise) of any part/s required for the repair of an appliance. If you have ordered an item that has an unsuitable product description we will remedy this by providing you a full refund upon the return of the item. Please see our Returns & Refunds page for details.
Manufacturers names are used for reference only. Products listed as a genuine part are made by the manufacturer and generic parts are listed as compatible with the manufacturer's finished model number.
We encourage you to ensure all spare parts are fitted by a competent person in accordance with manufacturer specifications. eSpares cannot be held liable for any damage caused by the fitting of a spare part.
Please ensure that you have read your warranty conditions before attempting to install a part or otherwise repair your appliance. eSpares cannot be held responsible if the appliance is damaged or your warranty is voided. Some manufacturer guarantees may be on condition that you use a qualified technician.
Availability / Estimated Delivery Times
We do our best to ensure availability of all advertised products and endeavour to despatch all parts within the quoted time. If there is a delay we will inform you of this via email and the product will be despatched as soon as it is available. If you have ordered multiple items they may arrive separately.
eSpares has no liability to you for any delay in the delivery of products ordered. We will do our best to get all orders out as quickly as possible. You have the right to cancel delayed orders at any time and get a refund via our online Your Account facility or by contacting our Customer Services department.
Occasionally we find ourselves having to withdraw an item because it has become obsolete or has been discontinued. If you have placed an order for an item that has been made obsolete we will inform you as soon as possible and offer you an alternative if one is available.
Next Day Delivery
Only items that are "In Stock" are eligible for UK Next Day Delivery.
Next day delivery is only available for orders placed before the specified cut-off time on a working day (see About Delivery).
If you place an order after the cut-off time, over the weekend, or on a bank holiday, you will receive your order on the following working day.
We use DPD for our next day delivery courier service. They will deliver between 7:30am and 7:30pm. You will need to sign for the delivery.
Next day delivery is only available to UK shipping destinations. We are not able to offer next-day service to some areas of the UK. If your postcode is in the list below we can only offer a 2 working day delivery service.
AB30
AB31
AB32
AB33
AB34
AB35
AB36
AB37
AB38
AB41
AB42
AB43
AB44
AB45
AB51
AB52
AB53
AB54
AB55
AB56
BT
FK17
FK18
FK19
FK20
FK21
G83
GY1
GY2
GY3
GY4
GY5
GY6
GY7
GY8
GY9
GY10
HS1
HS2
HS3
HS4
HS5
HS6
HS7
HS8
HS9
IM1
IM2
IM3
IM4
IM5
IM6
IM7
IM8
IM9
IM99
IV1
IV2
IV3
IV4
IV5
IV6
IV7
IV8
IV9
IV10
IV11
IV12
IV13
IV14
IV15
IV16
IV17
IV18
IV19
IV20
IV21
IV22
IV23
IV24
IV25
IV26
IV27
IV28
IV30
IV31
IV32
IV36
IV40
IV41
IV42
IV43
IV44
IV45
IV46
IV47
IV48
IV49
IV51
IV52
IV53
IV54
IV55
IV56
IV63
IV99
JE1
JE2
JE3
JE4
JE5
KA27
KA28
KW1
KW2
KW3
KW5
KW6
KW7
KW8
KW9
KW10
KW11
KW12
KW13
KW14
KW15
KW16
KW17
PA20
PA21
PA22
PA23
PA24
PA25
PA26
PA27
PA28
PA29
PA30
PA31
PA32
PA33
PA34
PA35
PA36
PA37
PA38
PA39
PA40
PA41
PA42
PA43
PA44
PA45
PA46
PA47
PA48
PA49
PA60
PA61
PA62
PA63
PA64
PA65
PA66
PA67
PA68
PA69
PA70
PA71
PA72
PA73
PA74
PA75
PA76
PA77
PA78
PA80
PH15
PH16
PH17
PH18
PH19
PH20
PH21
PH22
PH23
PH24
PH25
PH26
PH30
PH31
PH32
PH33
PH34
PH35
PH36
PH37
PH38
PH39
PH40
PH41
PH42
PH43
PH44
PH49
PH50
TR21
TR22
TR23
TR24
TR25
ZE1
ZE2
ZE3
All of Northern Ireland
Payment
Payment over the Internet can be made via our secure check out pages using Visa, Visa Electron, MasterCard or American Express cards, or PayPal. Charges will appear on your statement as "WWW.ESPARES.CO.UK" or "Espares (MOTO)".
All prices are quoted in the selected currency including Value Added Tax (VAT) at UK rates, except for deliveries to the Republic of Ireland where VAT is quoted at the appropriate local rate. It may be necessary to adjust prices in the event of an increase in VAT rates, or as a result of a manufacturer price increase. Customers are entitled to a full refund if this is not acceptable.
Due to the nature of the clearing system your credit card payment will be taken at the point of ordering. If a problem in supply should occur and you would like to cancel your order we will be happy to assist you in obtaining a refund via our online Your Account facility or by contacting our Customer Services department.
If your delivery address is outside of the UK, you may be required to pay import duties and taxes when your eSpares order reaches your country. These and any additional charges for customs clearance are your responsibility.
Delivery
Most items will be delivered using Royal Mail but some expensive, bulky and/or fragile products will be shipped via special delivery or private courier.
If you haven't received your items within 2 weeks of the date of despatch, they can be declared "lost in transit" and we will arrange a replacement order. For deliveries outside of the UK, we need to wait 3 weeks before a missing order can be declared "lost in transit".
International Orders
We are unable to accept orders from the following countries:
Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Cuba
Democratic Republic of Congo
Former Republic of Yugoslavia
Iran
Iraq
Lebanon
Liberia
Myanmar
North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of Korea)
Sudan
Syria
Zimbabwe
Cancellations
If you've ordered an "In stock" item and would like to cancel it, please contact our Customer Services team straight away as these orders are sent through to our warehouse for immediate despatch. If your order is out of stock and has not yet been despatched, you can cancel it online by signing into Your Account. Orders that have already been despatched, can be returned via the process below.
Returns
Provided that you return your item(s) in accordance with these Terms & Conditions we will refund what you've paid for the item(s) or replace or exchange the item(s) if applicable. Refunds are processed within 14 working days of receipt of the returned item(s). Refunds are made using the same form of payment that was used to make the initial purchase. Please note this is longer than we would like to take but due to the current COVID19 situation please allow us a little extra time.
You have the right to cancel your order and request a Returns Number within 14 days of the date of delivery. Please notify us through Your Account or by phone of your intention to return your item(s) within this time and we will promptly issue you with a Returns Number. You must quote this number on the correspondence accompanying the return. You must return your item(s) within 14 days of your Returns Number being issued. Due to the volume of orders and stock we handle, returns will only be accepted for credit or refund with a Returns Number.
If you've ordered the wrong item(s) or simply had a change of heart, please return it in perfect, re-saleable condition (including product packaging, instructions, etc). You must not write anything on the item, its packaging or instructions. Please note that the costs of returning your item(s) must be paid by you. For UK customers using the pre-paid postage label to return item(s) the postage cost of £2.99 will be deducted from any refund applicable.
Goods returned because they are faulty or defective must be returned in the condition you received them. For UK and EU orders, we will pay the cost of returning the item(s) to us. For UK customers we provide a pre-paid postage label for you to return the item. For customers in other EU countries you will need to pay the return carriage and request a refund from us. For orders outside the EU, you will need to pay the return carriage costs.
Please make sure you get proof of postage in case your item gets lost in the post.
We can not accept the return of perishable goods or shaver parts (for personal hygiene reasons).
Faulty Goods
The following information is intended as a guideline.
Wherever possible we will respond to your individual circumstances.
Should a fault occur with the item(s) within 28 days of delivery you will be offered the choice of a replacement or refund.
If there is a fault with your product or other defect with your order within 12 months of delivery we will normally offer a replacement or repair.
On returning faulty items ensure you adhere to the returns guidelines as outlined above and in our No Hassle Returns policy.
Failure to meet these conditions may result in your return not qualifying for a refund or replacement.
This guarantee does not cover faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear.
The guarantee period for consumable items (eg. batteries, camera films, ink cartridges, etc) is three months from date of delivery.
Spares that must be fitted internally are also guaranteed for three months, provided they have been fitted by a suitably qualified and competent person.
You can notify us of a faulty item online via the Your Account facility.
Reviews & Comments
We permit you to leave reviews, comments and product questions on our website. Whilst we do not regularly monitor this content we reserve the right to remove, reject or edit it at any time. When submitting information to our website as a review, product question or customer comment you understand that what you have submitted is not copyright protected and you are permitting its appearance on the eSpares website.
Liability
We shall not be liable for incidental or consequential damages or expenses. This includes, but is not limited to, damage to property, lost income, profits, economic or commercial losses and third parties claims.
We will do our best to get all orders despatched as quickly as possible. We have no liability to you for any delay in the delivery of products ordered. You have the right to cancel delayed orders at any time and get a refund prior to the item being despatched.
This warranty does not affect your statutory rights.
Consider the Environment
eSpares is considerate of the environment and is pleased to comply with the EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Regulations 2006. There is a requirement on each member State under Article 2 of the Directive to minimise the disposal of WEEE as unsorted municipal waste and to achieve a high level of collection of WEEE for treatment, recovery and environmentally sound disposal.
For more information about recycling please go to our Recycling page.
Use of Website Content
All content included in this site, text and graphics (including copyright), is owned and controlled by eSpares Ltd. In accessing the eSpares web pages, you agree that you may only read, print or download the content of this website solely for personal and non-commercial use. You are not permitted to copy, broadcast, download, store, transmit, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the content of these eSpares pages for any other purpose whatsoever, in any medium, without the prior written permission of eSpares Ltd.
If you use, or permit to be used, any content whether product or advice related, be it copied, adapted, modified or otherwise, for any non-personal or commercial purpose in any medium including text, images or video, you agree that any such use will be subject to a minimum charge of £500 per item per month backdated to when the use commenced, and that you will comply with any request from eSpares to permanently modify or remove such content from display or use.
You agree not to adapt, alter or create any derivative work from any material on this site, or to restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of this site by anyone else.
For more information, see our full Copyright Notice.
Privacy & Disclaimer
Your personal information will be held and used by eSpares and selected companies acting on our behalf.
Telephone calls to our Call Centre may be monitored or recorded for training purposes.
eSpares maintains a strict privacy policy in full accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the full details of which are available here.
We expect you to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password for your eSpares online account.
Questions?
If you have any further questions regarding our Terms and Conditions, our Customer Services Department is available via email or on the telephone and will be happy to assist.
Get the eSpares eNews
Hints & Tips
How-to Videos
Special offers
Provide your email address to subscribe to our newsletter
Provide your name for our newsletter
By submitting your details you agree to our Terms & Conditions and understand our Privacy Policy
We use small text files called cookies to give you the best experience on our website and help us show you relevant information. You can choose whether to manage these or allow them all. View Cookie Policy
Manage Cookies
Allow All