http://www.suplay.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Covid-19 News: Limited Office Hours. Expect delays from All shipping carriers. Please see the latest on shipping. Expedited shipping is NOT guaranteed from now to after Christmas.
Covid-19 News: Limited Office Hours. Expect delays from All shipping carriers. Please see the latest on shipping. Expedited shipping is NOT guaranteed from now to after Christmas.
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to Suplay. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Suplay collects, and the ways in which Suplay uses your personal information.
Personal Information Collected Suplay may collect and use the following types of personal information:
Information about your use of this website
Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
Information about transactions carried out over this website
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and any other information that you send to Suplay
Using Personal Information Suplay may use your personal information to:
Administer this website
Personalize the website for you
Enable access to and use of the website services
Publish information about you on the website
Send products to you that you purchase
Supply services to you that you purchase
Send you statements and invoices
Collect payments from you
Send you marketing communications
Where Suplay discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified above, Suplay may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your Data Suplay will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Suplay will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-Border Data Transfers Information that Suplay collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Suplay operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. (ie. Blogs, comments, etc..)
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this Statement Suplay may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other Websites This website contains links to other websites. Suplay is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Us If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Suplay's treatment of your personal information, please Contact Us on 1-800-634-4874.
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal