https://www.doskachess.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy - Doska Chess
Skip to content
HomeChess ComputersDGT CentaurDGT Revelation IIMILLENNIUM ChessGeniusMILLENNIUM CHESSGENIUS PROMillennium Chess Genius ExclusiveDGT Pi Chess ComputerDGT Electronic BoardsDGT USB Sensory Chess BoardDGT Bluetooth Sensory ChessboardDGT Smart BoardChess ClocksLEAPDGT3000DGT2010DGT Easy + (Plus)DGT EasyChess PiecesBooksContact0 items
Established 1978
HomeChess ComputersDGT CentaurDGT Revelation IIMILLENNIUM ChessGeniusMILLENNIUM CHESSGENIUS PROMillennium Chess Genius ExclusiveDGT Pi Chess ComputerDGT Electronic BoardsDGT USB Sensory Chess BoardDGT Bluetooth Sensory ChessboardDGT Smart BoardChess ClocksLEAPDGT3000DGT2010DGT Easy + (Plus)DGT EasyChess PiecesBooksContact0 items
Cookie PolicyTo make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this.A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so that you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.This website may place and access certain cookies on your computer.  Doska Chess Supplies uses cookies to improve your experience of using the website and to improve our range of products. Doska Chess Supplies has carefully chosen these cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.All cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU cookie law.Before the website places cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of cookies, you are enabling Doska Chess Suppliesto provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of cookies; however, certain features of the website may not function fully or as intended.This website may place the following cookies:
Type of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. 7. You can find a list of cookies that we use in the Cookies Schedule.8. You can choose to enable or disable cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.9. You can choose to delete cookies at any time; however, you may lose any information that enables you to access the website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.10. It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up to date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.11. For more information generally on cookies, including how to disable them, please refer to aboutcookies.org. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer.Cookies Schedule12. Below is a list of the cookies that we use. We have tried to ensure this is complete and up to date, but if you think that we have missed a cookie or there is any discrepancy, please let us know.Strictly necessaryWe use the following strictly necessary cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
ls_smartpush
This cookie is set by Litespeed Server and allows the server to store settings to help improve performance of the site.
catAccCookies
This cookie is used to store the acceptance of the cookie policy on the website. Analytical/performanceWe use the following analytical/performance cookies:
Description of Cookie
Purpose
_ga
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
_gid
This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
_gat
This cookies is installed by Google Universal Analytics to throttle the request rate to limit the collection of data on high traffic sites. Home    Chess Computers    DGT Electronic Boards    Chess Clocks    Books    ContactWeb Design by Websites by Diane
© Doska Chess Supplies 2020.  All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Website Terms of UseAddress (for correspondence and returns only) – Doska Chess Supplies, Kemp House, 152–160 City Road, London EC1V 2NX | VAT no: 348 0077 04×
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.I Accept