http://www.erogenos.com/pages/terms-conditions
Menu What's NewBest Sellers
By Brands
Back
By Brands2xistAgacioCalvin KleinCover MaleDaddy UnderwearDaniel AlexanderEdipousGood DevilHonchoIntymenKyleMale PowerMarcuseMcKillopMensuasMiami JockObviouslyOtziPistol PeteSecret MaleView All Brands
By Style
Back
By Style
Shirts
Back
ShirtsShort Sleeve ShirtsCompression TopsTank-Tops
Enhancing
Back
EnhancingSheerLaceErotic UnderwearC-Rings / StrapsMens-flag
Pants
Back
PantsCasual PantsLounge PantsJeansShortsAthletic Shorts
Accessories
Back
AccessoriesCostumesSocks
Underwear
Back
UnderwearBriefsBoxer BriefsBoxer ShortsJockstrapsThongsBikinisG-StringsCostumes
Swimwear
Back
SwimwearBriefsThongsTrunksBoard Shorts
ClearanceLogin / Register
Your Cart
No products in the cart.
Terms & Conditions
The Erogenos.com website is operated by Erogenos Grouping, Inc., 20911 Johnson Street, Suite 105 Pembroke Pines, FL 33029 or its affiliates. These Terms of Service apply to Erogenos.com and not to the content of third parties.
Acceptance of terms of use
These Terms and other applicable conditions and notices contained herein govern your use of the Erogenos.com service and website. By using, visiting, or browsing the Erogenos.com website(s), you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not use the Erogenos.com service or website. Please note, return shipments sent to the address above will be refused. Please contact our customer support team for instructions before returning products.
These Terms of Use are an ongoing contract between you and Erogenos.com and apply to your use of the Erogenos.com service and website. These Terms of Use affect your rights and you should read them carefully.
Changes to terms of use
Erogenos.com reserves the right, from time to time, with or without notice to you, to change these Terms of Use in our sole and absolute discretion. The most current version of these Terms of Use can be reviewed by clicking on the links that direct you to the Terms on the Erogenos.com website. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. Your use of the Erogenos.com website or continued use of our service after changes is made means that you agree to be bound by such changes.
Privacy Policy
You agree to our Privacy Policy. Any information submitted on the Erogenos.com website is subject to our Privacy Policy. Please review this policy to understand our practices.
Prices
Prices displayed in USD. We reserve the right to change prices at any time. Due to possible information misrepresentations, we may correct typographical and printing errors related to prices at any time. Members should be aware that product prices can and do fluctuate as a result of a supplier changing their wholesale pricing. Erogenos.com has no control over any supplier's pricing, shipping and handling charge policies and therefore cannot guarantee any item will remain any particular price for any period time.
Discount and Sales
2 discount offers cannot be combined. Due to system glitch, if this happens, Erogenos reserves the right to cancel the order. The decision of Erogenos Management will be final.
Insurance Policy
You have the option to insure your package for a small fee of $2.00. If your package gets lost, we will file a claim with the carrier and if the package does not turn up, we will quickly replace it for you at no additional cost.
The insurance claim process takes 15 days from the time you report the missing items to us. We highly recommend that you insure your package. If you decide to not take insurance on your package, Erogenos will not be responsible for merchandise that gets lost or damaged in transit.
Electronic communications
By using the Erogenos.com service, you consent to receive electronic, phone, and mail communications from Erogenos.com. These communications will include notices about your account (e.g., shipping and receiving e-mails) and information concerning or related to our service. These communications are part of your relationship with Erogenos.com and you are entitled to receive them as part of the Erogenos.com subscription. You agree that any notice, agreements, disclosure or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
Service testing
From time to time, we test various aspects of our service, and we reserve the right to include you in these tests without notice.
Use of information submitted
Erogenos.com is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques contained in any communication you may send to Erogenos.com, including, without limitation, responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Erogenos.com website without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Erogenos.com website or other websites. Furthermore, by posting any information on our site, submitting suggestions, or in responding to questionnaires, you grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to display, use, reproduce or modify that information.
Intellectual property
Copyright
All content included on the Erogenos.com website and delivered to subscribers as part of the service, including text, graphics, logos, designs, photographs, button icons, images, audio/video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Erogenos Grouping, Inc., or its suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Erogenos.com, Inc., and protected by the U.S. and international copyright laws. Content should not be reproduced or used without express written permission from Erogenos Grouping, Inc., or its suppliers. Erogenos.com reserves the right to terminate your membership hereunder if Erogenos.com, in its sole and absolute discretion, believes that you violate this paragraph, such violations including the copying or other unauthorized use of our proprietary content.
Trademarks
Erogenos is a trademark of Erogenos Grouping, Inc. Erogenos.com, and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks of Erogenos Grouping, Inc. All Erogenos.com graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Erogenos Grouping, Inc. Erogenos.com's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Erogenos.com's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, in any manner that dilutes Erogenos.com's rights, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Erogenos.com. All other trademarks not owned by Erogenos.com that appear on the Erogenos.com website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Erogenos.com. Any images of persons or personalities contained on the Erogenos.com website shall not be an indication of endorsement of any particular product or our service unless otherwise specifically indicated.
Account access & identity protection.
To provide you with ease of access to your account, Erogenos.com will place a cookie (a small text file) on any computer from which you access the Erogenos.com website. When you revisit the Erogenos.com website, this cookie will enable us to recognize you as a previous user or as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.
You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You may not share your account with other people by providing them with your password. However, if you decide to share your account with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions and liabilities. Users of public or shared computers should log out after each visit to the Erogenos.com website.
If you find that you're a victim of identity theft and it involves an Erogenos.com account, you should notify customer service. Then, you should report this instance to all your credit card issuers, as well as your local law enforcement agency. Erogenos.com reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the subscriber to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity. Erogenos.com is not obligated to credit or discount a membership for holds placed on the account by either a representative of Erogenos.com or by the automated processes of Erogenos.com.
Payment obligations
The Member understands that a valid form of payment must accompany all orders.
Copyrights
Erogenos.com and its supplier and distribution partners reserve ownership and copyright to all materials published by Erogenos.com. Reproductions and alterations of individual product images and descriptions may be used for marketing & reselling purposes. You must receive written consent from Erogenos.com for any other use or any modification of product images and other copyrighted materials. Erogenos.com allows its members to resell the products we have from our suppliers.
Products
Erogenos.com diligently strives to provide as accurate information as possible. However, as all specifications and descriptions are provided by the supplier of the product, Erogenos.com makes no warranty expressed or implied concerning the accuracy of the information, including price, product descriptions or product specifications. Both the product and manufacturer names are used only for identification. Members are responsible for making sure the product information is correct before selling any products from this site with the product's respective Manufacturers.
Data Export
Erogenos.com diligently strives to provide as accurate information as possible. However, as all specifications and descriptions are provided by the supplier of the product, Erogenos.com makes no warranty expressed or implied concerning the accuracy of the information, including price, product descriptions or product specifications. Also, due to size, the volume of requests and resource constraints; Data Exports, at times, may be delayed or contain data older then what is displayed on the website.
Shipping and handling
Erogenos.com and its distributors/suppliers reserve the right to restrict shipments to countries that Erogenos.com chooses. There are countries that Erogenos.com will not ship to and this list of countries will change from time to time.
Shipping and handling charges
You are responsible to pay the shipping and handling charges for all products purchased from Erogenos.com. You are responsible for these charges for shipments that are refused or returned for any reason. We are not responsible for incidental or consequential damages or losses to defective products, errors in shipping your order, or other errors. The limit of our liability is the replacement cost of any item you purchase from us. ANY ODD SIZED OR EXCESSIVE WEIGHTED ITEMS MAY REQUIRE A CUSTOM SHIPPING COST CALCULATION FROM Erogenos.com. ON THESE OCCASIONS, THE ORDERS WILL NOT SHIP UNTIL YOU HAVE APPROVED THE CUSTOM SHIPPING COST. Depending on the information provided by the supplier, Erogenos.com may publish the shipping weights of items. The publication, or absence of, shipping weights can not be used to determine ship cost and/or your financial obligation. The 'Ship Cost' provided on every product page and in the shopping cart should solely be used for determining the shipping cost.
Order placement
Erogenos.com is not responsible for loss, or damages as a result of misplaced, mis-ordered or other typographical errors that occur during order placement. The member has sole responsibility for verifying the accuracy of the order, including actual item, pricing, shipping, and/or handling, before order submission. Order placement means (single, batch or API) does not change member responsibility and subsequent financial responsibility.
Order changes
Once an order is placed, it cannot be changed in any way. However, under certain circumstances, orders can be cancelled and/or modified. If the Member contacts Erogenos.com's customer service department using the online form as soon as possible with a change request, it may be occasionally possible to amend the order. Erogenos.com is not responsible for any loss, or damages that are a result of a change request occurring after the order has been placed.
Order returns
Erogenos.com has specific return instructions of products and these steps must be followed correctly and promptly (as explained in the return policy) for a return to be accepted. The return policy is labelled and explained in detail on Erogenos.com, under the Return section of the website.
Age
The visitor/member, by signing the Signup Form, hereby represents that they are of the legal age of the state in which they reside.
Legal recourse
You and Erogenos.com agree that the laws of the State of Florida and Broward County shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute or claims, policies, and procedures between you and Erogenos.com relating in any way to the Erogenos.com service or website or these Terms. You and Erogenos.com expressly and irrevocably consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in these courts. The non-prevailing party shall pay all attorney's fees and court costs.
Limitations on use
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Erogenos.com service. Unless otherwise specified we grant you a limited license to access the Erogenos.com website. You may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from, the Erogenos.com website without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use of the Erogenos.com website or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us.
Amendments
Erogenos.com reserves the right to make amendments to this agreement at any time. Amendments may be the result of changes in economic, legal, or other factors that affect the business of Erogenos.com.
Product export
Due to the nature of the product export, no refunds will be granted for this service.
Severability
If one or more of the provisions of the policies and procedures in this user agreement are deemed void by law in a court of competent jurisdiction, the balance of the policies and procedures' remaining provisions, or any provision in the Erogenos.com manual, shall continue in full force and effect.
Website information
While www.Erogenos.com (hereafter the "Website") and all of its dependent pages contain far too much information to be quoted in their entirety in these Terms and Conditions, the Member is responsible for reading and understanding all information contained on the Website. Erogenos.com is not responsible for any inconvenience, loss of profit, or other complication that the Member, his or her business, or his or her customers may experience as a result of the Member's failure to read and understand all information on the Website. Furthermore, it is the responsibility of the Member to contact and question Erogenos.com's customer service representatives regarding any portion of the Website that they have read but do not understand.
In addition to all information contained on the Website, the Member is accountable for any new information added to the Website at any time in the future.
WHAT'S YOUR EMAIL?
ADD TO WISHLIST
Product has been added to your wishlist.
You can view your wishlist by creating or login account.
Please create account through ##customer_email## email
Login
Register