http://www.premiershipmodels.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentHOMECONTACT USSERVICESCASE STUDIESOUR CLIENTSOUR HERITAGECOMMISSIONOUR BLOGSVISIT RETAIL SITEVISIT UAE SITE
English
Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Dutch English French German Italian Japanese Portuguese Russian Spanish
Search
Close
English
Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Dutch English French German Italian Japanese Portuguese Russian Spanish
HOMECONTACT USSERVICESCASE STUDIESOUR CLIENTSOUR HERITAGECOMMISSIONOUR BLOGSVISIT RETAIL SITEVISIT UAE SITE
Search
Close
Privacy PolicyAccess to WebsiteThe access to this website is given subject to our terms and conditions and any orders placed will be govern by the aforementioned terms and conditions.Information provided by youYou confirm that:When you register your personal information on the website, it is current, accurate and truthful.Any changes to your personal information will be communicated to us.IndemnityYou agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of theConditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your Personal Information.Our rightsWe reserve the right to:Amend or remove contents or any part of this website whether on a temporary or permanent basis without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/orChange our Terms and Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Terms and Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms and Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.Third party linksTo provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.Cookie PolicyWhat is a cookie?A cookie is just one or more pieces of information stored as text file on your computer’s hard drive. A web server sends you a cookie and the browser stores it. The browser then returns the cookie to the server the next time the page is referenced.The most common use of a cookie is to store a user ID.Cookies on this siteThis website only uses cookies for registering your preferences on the site and for gathering website statistics via Google Analytics:Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help analyse how users use this site and this site only. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.If you don’t want to send data to Google Analytics you can download an opt out browser add-on. (external website)To delete cookies or reject cookiesWe recommend you allow the cookies we set by this website as they help us provide a better service and make our website easier to use.If you do not want to receive cookies from this website, select cookie settings under the privacy settings in your browser options, then add our domain to the list of websites you do not want to accept cookies from.Under settings you can also delete individual cookies or any cookies that your browser has stored. TESTIMONIALS Dear all at Premier Ship Models, The two ship models arrived safely in the new Danish Maritime Museum last week and yesterday they were both installed in their showcases in the exhibition area. It looks really nice. The exhibition opens this Saturday with a reception for 500 people, and H.M. The Queen of Denmark will be sitting right next to your ship models. Thank you so much for your work
Danish Maritime Museum This is a testimonial of how wonderful and talented the entire crew of Premier Ship Models are. We were fortunate enough to contract them to build a large Hemingway pilar for us for The Four Seasons Hotel in Miami and from beginning to end, the experience was flawless. They have an extremely talented crew and the administration is holds the highest level of integrity. We will be sure to contract them for all of our future endeavors!”
Kelly SuppleAssouline Despite an almost impossible schedule, his extraordinary team of crafts folk managed to deliver ‘2 x 8 feet’ ship models of the HMS Beagle and HMS Bellona -on time and more importantly on budget!!
Mike TuckerBBC “It was a pleasure working with the team at Premier Ship Models. We were producing quite a complex technical model, and they quickly grasped the many detailed aspects of it. From concept through to the final delivery, they were flexible when changes were asked for. We had a late request to deliver the model earlier due to a major event, and the team at Premier worked extremely hard to meet this deadline. It is clear that they really care about the work they produce, and have a strong sense of pride in delivering something of high quality.”
BP We commissioned Premier Ship Models to deliver six museum quality models for the opening of the National Museum of Qatar in Doha.
The scope of work was:
Research and sourcing / preparing the info and drawings to make the models
Project Management
Design and development of the models
Client visits during the model builds
Delivery and installation in Doha
The main challenges were the tight timeframe with a fixed deadline to coincide with the museum opening, and change request during the model build relating to materials to be used for the models.
We were pleased with the quality of the models and our working relationship / communication with Premier Ship Models, and look forward to working together on future projects. National Museum of Qatar
Previous
NextSubscribe to our newsletter
Explore
Home
Our Heritage
Commission
Give Us Feedback
FAQ Find Us / Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Twitter
Contact Us UK: +44 (0) 208 447 1884 US: +1 866 210 9696 FR: +33 (0) 97 51 89 894 AUS: +61 434 603 665 MRU: +44 (0) 203 982 1453 UAE: +971 (0) 4518 2636Accolades
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 All rights reserved Premier Ship Models