http://www.brandlighting.com/terms-privacy
Lighting
Curated Collections
Track & Rail Systems
Recessed Lighting
Dimmer & Switches & Wall Plates
Fans
Rooms
Clearance
Sale & Promotions
Showroom Clearance
View All: Lighting
Architectural Lighting
Ceiling Lights
Floor & Table Lamps
Mirrors & Illuminated Mirrors & Home Accents
Outdoor & Landscape Fixtures
Track & Rail
Wall Lights
Lighting Accessories
View All: Curated Collections
Black Chandeliers
Coastal Lighting
Corbett Graffiti Collection
Kuzco Crystal Lighting
Modern Chandeliers
Statement LIghting
2019 Kitchen Lighting
2019 Better Homes Lighting
View All: Track & Rail Systems
Tech Lighting Kable Lite System
120v 2 Circuit Track
120v Rail Systems
120v Single Circuit Track
Architectural 120v-227v Track
Rail Kits
Track Kits
View All: Recessed Lighting
Beach Lighting Recessed
Juno AI Downlights
NSL Downlights
Lotus Lights Recessed Lighting
Wac Recessed
View All: Dimmer & Switches & Wall Plates
LeGrand Adorne Collection
View All: Fans
Indoor Ceiling Fans
Outdoor Fans
Energy Star Rated Fans
Fan Parts & Accessories
View All: Rooms
Home Office
Bathroom
Bedroom
Dining Room
More Rooms
Kitchen
Patio & Outdoor
View All: Clearance
Beach Lighting
Kuzco Lighting
View All: Sale & Promotions
Crystorama
View All: Showroom Clearance
View All: Architectural Lighting
Bulbs
LED Architectural Lighting
LED Tape Light & Rope Light
Under Cabinet Lighting
View All: Ceiling Lights
Chandeliers
Flush & Semi-Flush Mounts
Pendants
View All: Floor & Table Lamps
Crystal Floor & Table Lamps
Desk & Task Lamps
LED Floor & Table Lamps
Floor lamps
Table Lamps
View All: Mirrors & Illuminated Mirrors & Home Accents
Home Accents
Illuminated Mirrors
Mirrors
View All: Outdoor & Landscape Fixtures
BBQ Lighting
Landscape Lighting
Outdoor Recessed
LED Outdoor & Landscape Fixtures
Outdoor Wall Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Lights
Outdoor Entry Lights & Pendants
Outdoor LED Tape Light & Rope Light
Pier & Post Lights
HADCO Urban Landscape Lighting
Outdoor Submersible
View All: Track & Rail
View All: Wall Lights
Art Lighting
Bath & Vanity Lights
Crystal Wall Lights
Exterior Wall Lights & Sconces
LED Wall Lights
Reading & Swing
Wall Sconces
View All: Lighting Accessories
By Brand
Canopies
Transformers
View All: Black Chandeliers
View All: Cable Lighting
Learn More About Cable Lighting
View All: Coastal Lighting
Coastal Chandeliers
Coastal Floor and Table
Coastal Path LIghts
Coastal Pendant Lights
Coastal Style Ceiling Fans
Outdoor Coastal Chandeliers
Outdoor Coastal Wall Lights
View All: Corbett Graffiti Collection
Learn More About Graffiti
View All: Galaxy Fiber Optic Ceilings
View All: Kuzco Crystal Lighting
View All: Modern Chandeliers
Learn More About Modern Chandeliers
View All: Statement LIghting
Learn More About Statement Lighting
View All: 2019 Kitchen Lighting
Modern Kitchen Island Lighting Options
View More Kitchen Ideas
View All: 2019 Better Homes Lighting
Shop the BH&G Magazine
View All: Tech Lighting Kable Lite System
Kable Lite Pendants and Heads
Kable Lite Hardware
Kable Lite Transformers and Kits
View All: 120v 2 Circuit Track
Wac Lighting J 2 Circuit Track
J 2 Circuit Track Hardware
View All: 120v Rail Systems
WAC Flexrail System
View All: 120v Single Circuit Track
WAC Lighting 120v Single Circuit Track
View All: Architectural 120v-227v Track
Architectural LED Track Heads
Architectural Track Components
View All: Rail Kits
View All: Track Kits
View All: Low Voltage Rail Systems
Tech Lighting Monorail System
View All: Beach Lighting Recessed
3" Housings and Trims
4" Housings and Trims
LED Integrated Recessed
MICRO Recessed LED Rectangles
Recessed Multiples GU-10 Housings and Trims
Recessed Multiples LED
Super Thin Recessed LED Panel Lights
View All: Juno AI Downlights
Juno AI Smart Downlights
Alexa Enabled
JBL Speaker
Connected Downlight
View All: NSL Downlights
NSL 3" LED Downlights
NSL 3" LED Gimbal Downlights
NSL 4" LED Downlights
NSL 4" LED Gimbal Downlights
NSL 6" LED Downlights
NSL 8" LED Downlights
NSL 10" LED Downlights
NSL 12" LED Downlights
NSL LED Panel Lights
NSL T-LED Edge Light
View All: Lotus Lights Recessed Lighting
Thin Recessed
Regressed Lighting
Gimbal Lights
4" High Output Recessed LED
8" Commercial LED
10" Commercial LED
4, 6 & 8IN Builder Grade
Goof Rings
Cables and Accessories
View All: Wac Recessed
Beauty Spots
LED Recessed
Line Voltage Recessed
Low Voltage Recessed
Multiples Recessed
View All: LeGrand Adorne Collection
Adorne Connectivity, Accessories & Illumination
Adorne Dimmers
Adorne Switches
Adorne Undercabinet System
Adorne Wall Plates
Adorne Wi-fi Smart System
LeGrand Outlets
View All: Indoor Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans
Flush Mount Fans
Indoor Small Fans
Large Ceiling Fans
LED Ceiling Fans
View All: Outdoor Fans
LED Outdoor Fans
Outdoor Ceiling Fans with Lights
Outdoor Small Fans
Outdoor Tropical & Specialty Fans
Wet Rated Ceiling Fans
View All: Energy Star Rated Fans
View All: Fan Parts & Accessories
Accessories
Downrods
Fan Controls
Light Kits
View All: Home Office
Home Office Pendant Lights
Home Office Linear Suspension
Home Office Table Lamps
Home Office Floor Lamps
Home Office Ceiling Fans
Home Office Recessed Lighting
Home Office Smart Lighting
View All: Bathroom
Bathroom Flush & Semi-Flush Fixtures
Bathroom LED
Bathroom Mirrors
Bathroom Pendants
Bathroom Vanity
View All: Bedroom
Bedroom Fans (LED)
Bedroom Flush & Semi-Flush Mounts
Bedroom Lamps
Bedroom LED
Bedroom Pendants
Bedroom Sconces
View All: Dining Room
Dining Room Chandelier
Dining Room Flush & Semi-Flush Fixtures
Dining Room LED
Dining Room Pendants
Dining Room Sconces
View All: More Rooms
Entryway & Foyer
Living Room
Office Lighting
Restaurant
View All: Kitchen
Kitchen Flush & Semi-Flush Fixtures
Kitchen LED
Kitchen Pendants
Kitchen Sconces
Kitchen Under Cabinet & Tape
View All: Patio & Outdoor
View All: Beach Lighting
View All: Kuzco Lighting
View All: Crystorama
View All: Modern Forms
View All: Modern Forms Clearance
View all brands
Tech Lighting (8298)
Wac Recessed (5789)
Wac (5315)
Seagull Lighting (3900)
Hudson Valley Lighting (3763)
Maxim Lighting (3353)
Hinkley Lighting (3311)
Wac Track And Rail (2977)
Kichler (2667)
Quoizel Lighting (2430)
Crystorama (2211)
About Us
Contact Us
Projects
Trade Program
Shop by Brand
Returns & Shipping
International Shipping
Terms & Privacy
Ideas & Inspiration Blog
Currency:
US Dollars
Your cart is empty.
Website Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Brand Lighting Inc collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.brandlighting.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Brand Lighting Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an orderfill out a formsubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Brand Lighting Inc collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Prohibited Software and Extensions
Brand Lighting is committed to keeping its customer data safe and its website free from fraud and abuse. In order to protect our customer’s data and our website, we don't permit the use of any third party software, including "crawlers", bots, browser plug-ins, or browser extensions (also called "add-ons"), that scrapes, modifies the appearance of, or automates activity on Brand Lighting's website. Such tools violate the User Agreement, including, but not limited to;
Develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots, or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons, or any other technology) to scrape the Services or otherwise copy profiles and other data from the Services;
Use bots or other automated methods to access the website, add or download contacts, send or redirect any information;
Overlay or otherwise modify the website or its appearance (such as by inserting elements into the website or removing, covering, or obscuring an advertisement included on the website);
Copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the website, whether directly or through third parties (such as search engines), without the consent of Brand Lighting;
Override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or use limits of the website(such as caps on keyword searches or profile views);
Deep-link to our website for any purpose other than expressly granted by Brand LIghting.
Any visitor who uses tools for such purposes is in violation of the User Agreement. This means they risk having their accounts being restricted, banned or shut down. They also risk the possibility that these tools may become non-operational without notice. In order to keep our customers data safe, we're constantly working to improve our technical measures and defenses against the operation of scraping, automation, and other tools that abuse Brand Lighting's platform.
Changes to this privacy policy
Brand Lighting Inc has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, post a notification on the main page of our Site,revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Brand Lighting Inc
www.brandlighting.com
2930 SW 30th Ave Hallandale, FL 33009
888-991-3610
sales@brandlighting.com
Write A
Review
Chaya Alenick,
Feb 27, 2020
I had a great experience with Brand lighting. I needed a replacement shade on my
minka aire ceiling fan and they ordered one for me and even delivered it to my home since it took a
while getting in and they knew i needed it urgently. They contacted me letting me know when it
shipped and when it arrived. Their customer service is wonderful and they are extremely helpful!
john corral,
Feb 8, 2020
Great service great prices. Must go to or call is you are looking for lighting .
Awesome web site as well.
helen friedman,
Nov 23, 2019
Great sales team. Well informed about the products. Great selection of unusual
pieces. Very fair pricing and delightful to deal with. I love my fixture.
Julia Thayer,
Oct 18, 2019
Wonderful company with great customer service! I worked with David, who was
extremely helpful and got back to us right away regarding all of our questions! We believed that we
needed to purchase an entire new light fixture for our store, and David was so helpful and honest in
letting us know that we could adjust it ourselves without any additional purchase. Definitely
recommend!
Al Arias,
Oct 17, 2019
This place has a lot of nice selection options to complete your projects. The
options are much better than your competitors. I highly recommend this company for all your lighting
fixtures needs.
Brand Lighting 5.05Out of 5
Close
15% OFF FIRST ORDER OF $500+
15% OFF
15% Off Your First Order