https://www.panfishpro.com/terms-of-use/
Free shipping on orders of $75 and above.
Home / Terms of Use
The following information was updated on: 11/24/2020
By purchasing products from, and by using our website (“website”), you agree (“agreement”) to the Terms of Use (“terms”) set forth hereinafter by Panfishpro, LLC. (“our”, “us” or “we”).
This website is owned and operated by Panfishpro, LLC. Our website and our services are offered subject to customers and visitors (“you”, “your”) acceptance without your modification to the terms and conditions contained herein. This includes, and is not limited to: operating rules, policies and procedures published on our website, including, without limitation to, Shipping Policies and Rates, Return Policy, Privacy Notice and or others. If you do not agree to our Terms of Use, please do not use our website or service.
Our website may include inaccuracies such as, but not limited to; typographical errors, incorrect product image(s), incorrect price(s) or technical errors. Inaccuracies such as the ones described, or not described, will be corrected as they are found.
When you access this website by and including, but not limited to: web browsing, download, ftp, search engine, third party, CD content, affiliate content, hyperlinking, either wired or wireless service, you agree to the Terms of Use below, which will be updated and revised as necessary.
Except as indicated on this website, you may view, download, and print content from this website subject to the following conditions: The use of the content is solely for personal reference. Products and digital images on this website are protected by copyright, trademark and/or other intellectual property laws and rights. Any unauthorized use of these materials or products found on this website may violate state and national laws and the Terms of Use for this website. We, or the various suppliers of products and services found on this website do not grant any express or implied rights to use the copy or images, except where clearly noted, or by where written permission in given. By accessing this website as described above, you agree not to copy, republish, frame, download, link to, transmit, modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license, sub-license any copy or images found on this website, including printed materials such as order forms, catalogs or other printed materials we may offer, except where expressly authorized.
In addition to the products and images available on this website, we make available information and services provided by third parties. The third-party services are governed by separate license agreements that accompany such services. We offer no guarantees and assume no responsibility or liability of any type with respect to the third-party services, including any liability resulting from incompatibility between the third-party services and materials or services offered. You agree that you will not hold Panfishpro, LLC. responsible or liable with respect to the third-party services or seek to do so.
From time to time we may “gift or give” store credits or discount coupons. These store credits and discount coupons are not to be confused with “eGift Card(s)”. Our store credits or discount coupons may be distributed through printed or digital variations, such as, but not necessarily limited to: printed and or digital publications, direct mail, email, social media, associate web presence or this website. When a user account is created on our website, we may attach a store credit or discount to the account. When this happens, an email will be sent to the email address provided when the account was created. These store credits or discount coupons have no cash value, and serve only to reduce the dollar total of your order. These store credits or discount coupons may, or may not, work in conjunction with other store credits, discount coupons or other promotions. We make no guarantee that store credits or discount coupons will function as intended. Store credits must be used at time of check-out. Store credits cannot be applied after a purchase was made.
Trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this website are the property of Panfishpro, LLC. and or other third parties. You are not permitted to use these marks without the prior written consent from us, or other such third party’s that may own the marks. Panfishpro is a registered trademark of Panfishpro, LLC.
Products and services accessible through this website are provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or the warranty of noninfringement. Without limiting the foregoing, we make no warranty or guarantee that our products or services will meet your requirements, or the quality of our products or services, purchased or accessible through the website will meet your expectations.
Unless noted otherwise, every item on our website comes with a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your order when it arrives, simply return the item(s) in question for a prompt refund or exchange. Refunds or exchanges are not available on products which have been used, misused or damaged. We will offer a refund or exchange on item(s) that are defective.
When we notice unusual or suspicious traffic on our website, we may, at our discretion, disconnect any or all users from our website. We may, at our discretion, deny you future access to our website. These actions are a security measure. Preforming these processes may clear your user session, clear any form you may be entering, log you out of our website, if you are logged in, and will empty your cart of any products you may have added to it.
As part of our routine website maintenance, we empty carts of unpurchased items, log you off of our website, may modify shipping and or billing information within user accounts, purge duplicate customer accounts or remove customer accounts as necessary. We may remove customer accounts where the billing/shipping information is not in a country where we ship our products. Customer accounts may be purged based solely on an IP address used to establish the account. For more information on the countries to where we ship our products, please follow this link.
You understand and acknowledge that we do not control, endorse, or accept responsibility for any content, products, or services offered by third parties through this website, including, without limitation, third party vendors and third parties accessible through links on this website. We make no representation or warranties whatsoever about any such third parties, their content, products, or services, any dealings you may have with such third parties are at your own risk, except where noted. We shall not be liable or responsible for any content, products, or services offered by third parties, except where noted.
All orders are shipped where a signature is necessary before release of the article is made. There are no exceptions to this term unless prior written approval is on file before any shipments are made. For more information on package delivery signatures, please follow this link.
For orders placed on our website, we are imposing an order limit of $500 per transaction. Panfishpro.com reserves the right to limit the quantities of the products you order. We also reserve the right to cancel any orders for any reason or for no reason at all.
The use of our products and services or the downloading or other use of any materials through our website is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that could result from such activities. While our website is secure and monitored by contract through third party security firms for malicious activity, we assume no liability for any computer virus or other similar software code that is downloaded to your computer from our website or in connection with any services or materials offered through the website. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Panfishpro, LLC. through the website shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
For information on how your personal data is used, please read our Privacy Notice.
Changes to our Terms of Use
Laws change that effect our business environment. Technologies we use evolve over time. Products and services are added, or removed from our website without notice. Prices of these products and service may change without notice. When this happens, it may be necessary to update our Terms of Use. We encourage you to reread our Terms of Use when visiting this website.
Can we just go fishing now??
“PANFISHPRO” IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF PANFISHPRO, LLC. “MILLIONS OF FISH, COUNTLESS MEMORIES.” IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF NEPSCO INDUSTRIES.