http://www.fancyfortunecookies.com/terms_privacy.asp
Fortune Cookies
Custom Fortune Cookies
Traditional Fortune Cookie
Chocolate Covered Fortune Cookies
Christmas Fortune Cookies
Chinese New Year Fortune Cookies
Flavored Fortune Cookies
Bling Fortune Cookies
Caramel Covered Fortune Cookies
Party Colored Fortune Cookies
Chinese Takeout Boxes
Imprinted Chinese Takeout Boxes
Colored Chinese Takeout Boxes
White & Eco Friendly Options
Shop By Color
Black Fortune Cookies
Blue Fortune Cookies
Brown Fortune Cookies
Gold Fortune Cookies
Green Fortune Cookies
Orange Fortune Cookies
Pink Fortune Cookies
Purple Fortune Cookies
Red Fortune Cookies
Silver Fortune Cookies
White Fortune Cookies
Yellow Fortune Cookies
Fortune Cookie Gifts
Valentine Fortune Cookie
Flavored Fortune Cookie Gifts
Gigantic Fortune Cookie
Fortune Cookie Samplers
Get Fortune Cookie Samples
Sprinkles Options
Custom Fortune Cookie Sayings
Cookie of the Month
Chocolate Covered Fortune Cookies
Traditional Fortune Cookies
Flavored Fortune Cookies
Bling Fortune Cookies
Party Colored Fortune Cookies
Supreme Sprinkles
Occasions
Hanukkah Fortune Cookies
Christmas Cookie Gifts
New Year Fortune Cookies
Chinese New Year (1/25 - 2/8)
Send Smiles
Birthday
Congratulations
Employee Appreciation
Get Well Soon!
PRIDE
Romantic Gifts
Other Occasions
Bosses Day (October 16)
Valentines Day Gifts
St. Patrick's Day Gifts
Administrative Professionals Day
Easter Fortune Cookie Gifts
Nurse Appreciation (May 6-12)
Mother's Day Gifts (May 10)
Mardi Gras Gifts
Father's Day (June 21)
Patriotic Gifts
Graduation Fortune Cookies
Back to School Fortune Cookies
Teacher Appreciation
Halloween
Fall Gifts
Pink Ribbon (October)
Flavored Fortune Cookies
Traditional Vanilla Fortune Cookies
Chocolate Fortune Cookies
Apple Fortune Cookies
Banana Fortune Cookies
Black Raspberry Fortune Cookies
Blueberry Fortune Cookies
Bubble Gum Fortune Cookies
Cappuccino Fortune Cookies
Cherry Fortune Cookies
Cinnamon Fortune Cookies
Coconut Fortune Cookies
Fruit Punch Fortune Cookies
Graham Cracker Fortune Cookies
Grape Soda Fortune Cookies
Lemon Fortune Cookies
Mint Fortune Cookies
Orange Fortune Cookies
Pumpkin Fortune Cookies
Raspberry Fortune Cookies
Strawberry Fortune Cookies
Giant Fortune Cookie
Giant Fortune Cookie Business Gifts
Administrative Professionals Day Gifts
Bosses Day Gifts
Congratulations Gifts
Holiday Corporate Giant Gifts
Thank You Gifts
Shop By Occasion
Most Popular Giant Fortune Cookies
Birthday Giant Fortune Cookie
Graduation
Romantic Giant Fortune Cookie
Congratulations Giant Fortune Cookie
Good Luck & Good Fortune
Pink Ribbon Giants
Wedding & Anniversary
New Baby Giant Fortune Cookie
Giant Fortune Cookie Thank You Gifts
Shop Giants by Holiday
Father's Day Giant Fortune Cookies
Halloween Giant Fortune Cookies
Christmas Giant Fortune Cookie
Hanukkah Giant Fortune Cookies
Chinese New Year Giant Fortune Cookie
Mother's Day Giant Fortune Cookie
Spring/Easter Fortune Cookies
St Patricks Day Giant Fortune Cookie
Valentine's Day Giant Fortune Cookie
Business Gifts
Custom Corporate Gifts
Holiday Gifts
Ready to Ship Business Gifts
$10 and Under Per Person
$10-$35 Per Person
$35-$50 Per Person
$50-$75 Per Person
$75-$100+ Per Person
Trade Show Handouts
bulk orders
Corporate Gifts
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
What information does Fancy Fortune Cookies collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect Fancy Fortune Cookies visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Fancy Fortune Cookies, Fancy Fortune Cookies®. How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. Or simply click the "unsubscribe" link located on all of our emails.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on November 18, 2009.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Still have questions? Check the Frequently Asked Questions Page.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Follow Our Cookies From Sea To Shining Sea
Like Us On Facebook!
Our Customers Love us!
"Our clients loved them and it was a great way for us to deliver our messaging! The fortune cookies were a real hit around the office and they wanted to know where they could order more. As a result, we've ordered additional custom fortune cookies to take on sales calls to our other clients."
- Christine Leung, People Magazine
"Your fortune cookies were absolutely perfect for our birthday party! My brother even got a little choked up when he saw the personalized messages inside."
- Becky Johnson, Dallas TX
Play with us on PinterestVisit Wise Cookies's profile on Pinterest.
Let's Be Social