https://www.aboriginal-art-australia.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
10 Papuana St, Kununurra, WA, Australiaart@artlandish.com
1300 362 551
Your cart: $0.000
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Login
Home Browse Artworks byArtworks On Sale Just Arrived Central & Western Desert Kimberley Art Artworks Under $500 Artworks $500 to $1000 Artworks $1000 to $2000 Artworks $2000 to $5000 Artworks over $5000 Top End Art Bush / Medicine Leaves Collectors Corner Artefacts & Gift Cards
Browse by Artist Contact InfoAbout Wishlist Art LibraryStory of Aboriginal Art Western Desert Art Aboriginal Art Styles Aboriginal Dot Art Aboriginal Dreamtime Rainbow Serpent Art & Culture Medicine Leaves Art Investing in Aboriginal Art Aboriginal Art Facts Symbolism in Indigenous Art Aboriginal Ceremonial Dancing Aboriginal Body Painting Aboriginal Dreaming 2017 Essay ContestEssay Contest EntriesBailey Molenkamp Essay
More InfoBlog Help Dept. Buying safely online Layaway Options My Account Money Back Guarantee Shipping Information Pay Later
EU Residents please find your own privacy policy section at the bottom of the page.
We respect your privacy
1.1. Artlandish Pty Ltd respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and website visitors. We adhere to the National Privacy Principles established by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information.
1.2.    “Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
Collection of personal information
2.1. Artlandish Pty Ltd will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you enter onto our website, provide to us directly or give to us in other forms.
2.2. You may provide basic information such as  your  name,  phone  number, Facebook UID number (for retargeting advertising)* Google remarketing pixel (for remarketing advertising), address and/or email address to enable us to send information, provide updates and process your product or service order.
We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, when you provide information about your personal or business affairs, change your content or email preference, respond to surveys and/or promotions, provide financial or credit card information, or communicate with our customer support.
We may from time to time use the randomised and anonymous data collected by the pixels on our site that will allow Google and/or Facebook to show you more relevant advertisements.
It’s important to remember that this does NOT mean you see more advertisements than normal. If you were to opt out you would still see the same amount of advertisements, they would just be less likely to be about things you may be interested in.
You are able to opt out of seeing these ads specifically on Google related sites by visiting their ad section & adjusting your settings or by visiting your account.
You can do the same with Facebook by going to this link
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/
2.3. Additionally, we may also collect any other information you provide while interacting with us.
How we collect your personal information
3.1. Artlandish Pty Ltd collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically or in person, when you access our website and when we provide our services to you. We may receive personal information from third parties. If we do, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Use of your personal information
4.1.    Artlandish Pty Ltd may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information, updates and our services. We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you. We may use your personal information to improve our products and services and better understand your needs.
4.2. Artlandish Pty Ltd may contact you by a variety of measures including, but not limited to telephone, email, sms or mail.
Disclosure of your personal information
5.1. We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our services.
5.1.a.   At times we may need to share customer information with third parties to perform services on your behalf, and we obtain consent for such sharing where legally required;
5.1.b.  We Only use Google’s approved API or interface to upload customer information such as email addresses to include in promotions or advertising; and
5.1.c   We comply with all applicable local laws and regulations, including any self-regulatory or industry codes that may apply.
5.2.     We may from time to time need to disclose personal information to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request.
5.3. We may also use your personal information to protect the copyright, trademarks, legal rights, property or safety of Artlandish Pty Ltd, www.aboriginal-art-australia.com, its customers or third parties.
5.4. Information that we collect may from time to time be stored, processed in or transferred between parties located in countries outside of Australia. These may include but are not limited to USA. & UK
5.5. If there is a change of control in our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality. We would seek to only disclose information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
5.6. By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the types of disclosure covered by this Policy. Where we disclose your personal information to third parties, we will request that the third party follow this Policy regarding handling your personal information.
Security of your personal information
6.1.      Artlandish Pty Ltd is committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
6.2.     The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk.  We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or receive from us. Although we take serious measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Access to your personal information
7.1. You may request details of personal information that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please email us at art@artlandish.com.
7.2.    We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
Complaints about privacy
8.1.     If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to PO Box 228, Kununurra, Western Australia 6743, Australia. We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
Changes to Privacy Policy
9.1.     Please be aware that we may change this Privacy Policy in the future.  We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
Website
10.1.      When you visit our website
When you come to our websites (www.aboriginal-art-australia.com & www.aboriginalartshop.com) we may collect certain information such as browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to our site, etc. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our service.
10.2.      Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are very small files which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
10.3.    Our website may from time to time use cookies to analyses website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google AdWords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
Please note these cookies do not identify who you are. They simply allow us to show ads across Google’s display network and other ad networks to previous visitors to our website.
This means you may see ads from us after visiting the site. If you were to opt out of seeing these ads you would still see ads in the exact same locations, they would just be from other businesses. Opting out doesn’t mean you won’t see ads, you just wouldn’t see them from the business you opted out of.
The idea is if you must see ads (ads are what make the Internet, which is free, work) it would be a better user experience if people saw ads that they were at least interested in to some degree.
You may opt out at any time by going here for Google related ads and/or here
10.4.      Third party sites
Our site may from time to time have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that Artlandish Pty Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practises of other such websites. We encourage our users to   be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal identifiable information.
11.0         Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
12.0         Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail art@artlandish.com, call us on (08) 9168 1881 or write to us PO Box 228, Kununurra, WA, 6743
Updated 25th May 2018
Artlandish Pty Ltd Privacy Policy for Residents of the European Union.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.aboriginal-art-australia.com/ (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use Facebook in a similar way and you can adjust your preferences and control your data by going here
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
You can opt out of targeted advertising by going to:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through our contact information or complete the applicable form that is listed in the tabs below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Australia and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at art@artlandish.com or by mail using the details provided below:
10 Papuana Street,  Kununurra, WA, 6743, Australia
Updated 25th May 2018