http://www.lbgreen.com/customer-service/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Lux Bond & Green Customer Service by email at customerservice@LBGreen.com or by phone at 1-800-LBGREEN (1-800-524-7336).
Rolex SectionWhile navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Terms of Use, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
Lux Bond & Green is the sole owner of the information collected on WWW.LBGREEN.COM. Lux Bond & Green collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to purchase from this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name, email address and phone number). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which the user has expressed interest.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing, shipping purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
This information will be used for internal purposes only such as special offers and updates, newsletters, service announcements. We do not distribute this information to any third parties.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our Web site, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. Click here to learn more about cookies.Cookies on our site are used to maintain shopping bag contents across visits. If users reject the cookie, they may still browse our site, but cannot purchase online. Rolex SectionWhile navigating on
the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website
from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are not tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the user's wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
These are the instances in which we will share users' personal information: We DO NOT Share Personal Information with Third Parties.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Business Transitions
In the event Lux Bond & Green goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at customerservice@LBGreen.com.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Lux Bond & Green, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every six months, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to customerservice@LBGreen.com
Policy to Protect Personal Information
Lux Bond & Green values the privacy of our employees, customers, vendors, and other individuals with whom we conduct business, and it is our policy to: safeguard the data, computer files and documents containing personal information provided to it by its employees, customers, vendors and other individuals from misuse by third parties, and destroy, erase or make unreadable such data, computer files and documents prior to disposal, protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers that we collect in the course of business prohibit unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers that we collect in the course of business limit access to Social Security numbers that we collect in the course of business to only those employees and others who have a legitimate business purposes to have access to such information.
As used in this notice, "personal information" means information capable of being associated with a particular individual through one or more identifiers, including, but not limited to, a Social Security number, a driver's license number, a state identification card number, an account number, a credit or debit card number, a passport number, an alien registration number or a health insurance identification number, and does not include publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state or local government records or widely distributed media.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the Account Info page or by emailing our Customer Support at customerservice@LBGreen.com. Or, contact us by telephone (1-800-LBGREEN, 1-800-524-7336) or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Lux Bond & Green
Internet Customer Service
46 LaSalle Road
West Hartford, CT 06107
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Rolex SectionWhile navigating on
the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website
from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Lux Bond & Green
Internet Customer Service
46 LaSalle Road
West Hartford, CT 06107
Phone: 1-800-LBGREEN (1-800-524-7336)
Fax: 860-521-0472
Email: customerservice@LBGreen.com
Sign Up
For special offers and news
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Postal Code
Your Birthday
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th
6th
7th
8th
9th
10th
11st
12nd
13th
14th
15th
16th
17th
18th
19th
20th
21st
22nd
23rd
24th
25th
26th
27th
28th
29th
30th
31st
Cancel
Sign Up
Thank you for signing up!
Close