http://www.healthandyoga.com/html/misc/disclaim.html#privacy
Help
View Cart
Register
Log in
All Category
Products
Retreat Place
Information
Certifications
Community
Research Papers
HOME
YOGA INFO
COMMUNITY
YOGA MARKET
RETREATS
YOGA ARTICLES
YOGA COURSES
Follow us
Yoga | Yoga & Food | Yoga & Cleansing
| Yoga & Pregnancy | Meditation | Pranayama | Nature Cure | Yoga Products | Fasting
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Other Policy
Expert's Panel
Enema Related Information
Drugless Cures
Health Tips
Health News
Health Events
Jala Neti Related Information
Sinus Related Information
Allergy
Neti Pot
Psychological Exercises
Are You Depressed ?
Miracle Cures
Stainless Steel Neti pot:Problems and Precautions
Free Newsletter
Get Bonus With
Your Subscription
Home : Disclaimer
Disclaimer, Copyrights and
Terms of Use of this Website
The information provided on this website or linked to from this
Web site is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any
disease - nor is it intended to replace the advice of a physician.
Please see your physician before changing your diet, starting an
exercise program, or taking any supplements of any kind.
The information on this website has not been reviewed by the FDA or
any Medical/ Drug Authority of any country. The material presented
here is informational, and is not intended as simply a solicitation
to sell products.
This Website, its owners, representatives and authors make no
representations concerning the efficacy, appropriateness or
suitability of any products or treatments. They are not doctors and
have no medical background or training. The information, services,
products, messages and other materials on this Web site,
individually and collectively, are provided with the understanding
that the Website, its owners, representatives or its authors are not
engaged in rendering medical advice or recommendations.
No warranty, expressed or implied, is given as to the accuracy,
completeness or timeliness of any information herein, or for
obtaining legal advice. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant
to applicable law, neither the author nor any other parties who have
been involved in the creation, preparation, posting, or delivering
of this web site assume responsibility for the completeness,
accuracy, timeliness, errors or omissions of said information and
assume no liability for any direct, incidental, consequential,
indirect, or punitive damages as well as any circumstance for any
complication, injuries, side effects or other medical accidents to
person or property arising from or in connection with the use or
reliance upon any information contained herein or pages linked there
from.
The entire risk as to the use of this Web site is assumed by the user.
The information, services, products, and materials contained in this
site, including, without limitation, text, graphics, and links, are
provided on an "as is" basis with no warranty. To the maximum extent
permitted by law, healthandyoga.com, its owners and representatives
disclaim all representations and warranties, express or implied,
with respect to such information, services, products, and materials,
including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from
computer virus, and implied warranties arising from course of
dealing or course of performance. In addition, healthandyoga.com,
its owners and representatives do not represent or warrant that the
information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or
current. Price and availability information is subject to change
without notice.
Healthandyoga.com, its owners and representatives are not responsible
for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked
site, or any changes or update to such sites. The inclusion of any
link does not imply endorsement by HealthAndYoga.com.
This Web site, its authors, owners and representatives makes no
representations or claims as to the quality, content and accuracy of
the information, services, products, messages which may be provided
by such resources, and specifically disclaim any warranties,
including but not limited to implied or express warranties of
merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application or
purpose.
The author and other parties involved in the creation of this Web site
assume no responsibility or liability for any damages, or viruses,
worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or
destructive properties that may infect your computer equipment or
other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing the
web site, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images,
video, or audio from the web site.
Orders
The receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute the
acceptance of an order or a confirmation of an offer to sell.
HealthAndYoga.com reserves the right, without prior notification, to
limit the order quantity on any item and/or refuse service to any
customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the
acceptance of any order.
Copyright
The individual documents provided on this Web Site are copyrighted by
the Website and their authors. All site design, text, graphics,
interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof are
copyrighted by HealthAndYoga.com and their authors. Permission to
reprint, copy, download, save, electronically reproduce, or utilize
any document, site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the
selection and arrangements thereof on this Web site, in part or in
whole, is expressly prohibited. The unauthorized alteration of the
content of this Web site is expressly prohibited. The Website, its
owners, agents and representatives shall not be responsible for any
claims, actions, or damages which may arise on account of the
unauthorized alteration of this Web site.
Any and all product names are copyright and trademarks of their
respective owners. None of these owners have sponsored, authorized,
endorsed, or otherwise approved this website.
Limitation on Liability
in no event shall healthandyoga.com and/or its owners, providers and
authors be liable for any Damages, included but not limited to
direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages, or any damages
whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability
to use, or performance of the information, services, products, and
materials available from this site. These limitations shall apply
notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited
treatment or remedy.
Legal Issues
Any legal controversy or legal claim arising out of or relating to
this Website or this Document be settled through arbitration in
accordance with the Indian Arbitration Act. Any such controversy or
claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be
consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any
other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in New Delhi, India,
and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court
having jurisdiction thereof.
Conclusion
By using this Web site, you signify your assent to these terms and
conditions of use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions
of use, please refrain from using this web site. If any provision of
these terms and conditions of use shall be determined to be
unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect
the validity and enforceability or any remaining provisions.
Privacy Policy
Healthandyoga.com respects the privacy of persons subscribing to
the online consultation services being provided. Under no
circumstances will private information be provided to third party
without the prior permission of the persons availing themselves of
these services.
Healthandyoga.com will immediately unsubscribe any person from its
mailing list if desired by the person.
Join us on Facebook!
Follow us on Twitter!
Latest Reviews (Total
Reviews)
No reviews available for this product. Be the first one to write the review!
Tweet
Cart Items(0)
Related Products
Herbomineral
USD$ 12.24
Details..
Herbodent Herbal Toothpaste
USD$ 3.49
Details..
Enema Equipment
USD$ 39.95
Details..
SteloKleen Neti pot
USD$ 16.95
Details..
Home
|
About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Privacy Policy | Resources | Advertising | Refund & Cancellation Policy
© Copyright 2000 - 2020, HealthAndYoga.com. All rights reserved Disclaimer
YOUR SHOPPING CART (0  items)
Your Shopping Cart is Empty.
Why not fill it with something awesome?
Please Wait
Login
UserID/Email
Password
Forgot Password