http://www.debutanteclothing.com/pages/terms-of-use
FREE US Shipping
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
FREE US Shipping
Menu
Cart 0
New Arrivals
Shop
+
-
Dresses
Tops
Bottoms
Swimwear
Sweaters
Outerwear
Lingerie
Accessories
Accessories
+
-
Jewelry
Bags
Shoes
Belts
Hats
Sunglasses
Shop by Era
+
-
Antique
1920s
1930s
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
Shop by Size
+
-
XSmall
Small
Medium
Large
XLarge
Designer
Decor
Blog
Sell
Log in
Create account
Search
Terms of Use
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
a. Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Debutante Clothing’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
i. modify or copy the materials;
ii. use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
iii. attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Debutante Clothing’s web site;
iv. remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
v. transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
b. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Debutante Clothing at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer The materials and products on Debutante Clothing’s web site are provided “as is”.  Debutante Clothing makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Debutante Clothing does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, condition, or reliability of the use of the materials or products listed for sale on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or products or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Debutante Clothing or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials or products on Debutante Clothing’s Internet site, even if Debutante Clothing or a Debutante Clothing authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Debutante Clothing’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Debutante Clothing does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Debutante Clothing may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Debutante Clothing does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Debutante Clothing has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Debutante Clothing of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Debutante Clothing may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Debutante Clothing’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy PolicyDebutanteClothing.com Privacy NoticeLast updated: May 21, 2012
DebutanteClothing.com respects your personal information. We know how important it is to understand how it would be used and or shared. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting DebutanteClothing.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at DebutanteClothing.com. Here are the types of information we gather.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses DebutanteClothing.com. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of DebutanteClothing.com’s features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to complete a purchase in our store.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful, you might receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from DebutanteClothing.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Email Preferences or unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any DebutanteClothing.com e-mail.
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we do not sell it to others. We share customer information only as described below.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that DebutanteClothing.com, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Protection of DebutanteClothing.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of DebutanteClothing.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
We work to protect the security of your information during order transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts order information you transmit.We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Make to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit DebutanteClothing.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, disputes, and choice of law. If you have any concern about privacy at DebutanteClothing.com, please email info@DebutanteClothing.com with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.