http://www.americanstationery.com/terms/
COVID-19 UPDATE: We are open! click for details
Contact Us:
1-800-822-2577
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Login
Gifts
View All Gifts
By Recipient
View All By Recipient
For Men
For Women
For Kids
For Teens
For Teachers
For Couples
By Product
View All By Product
Embroidery
Kitchen & Entertaining
Cutting Boards
Drinkware
Bags & Totes
Puzzles & Games
Corporate Gifts
Hostess Gifts
Housewarming Gifts
Travel Accessories
Soaps
Frames
Pens & Writing
Personalized Stationery
View All Personalized Stationery
By Category
View All By Category
Xpress Print
Hand Bordered Stationery
Correspondence Cards
Fold Notes
Double Thick Cards
Letter Sheets
Monogram Stationery
White Ink Stationery
Ensembles
Gift Enclosures
Business Cards
Calendars
Office
Loose Sheets
Plain Sheets
Envelopes
Postcards
Moving
Thank You
Beth Clary Collection
By Process
View All By Process
Thermography
Letterpress
Digital/flat
Embossed
Foil
By Recipient
View All By Recipient
For Him
For Her
For Kids
For Teens
Labels & Stampers
View All Labels & Stampers
Labels
View All Labels
Everyday Return Address Labels
Holiday Return Address Labels
Shipping Labels
Clothing Labels
Personalized Stickers
Envelope Seals
Stampers
View All Stampers
Round Stampers
Square Stampers
Rectangle Stampers
Refills
Embossers
Luggage Tags
View All Luggage Tags
Brass
Plastic
Other
Notepads
View All Notepads
By Product
View All By Product
Business Pads
Single Pads
Multi-pad Assortments
Lined Pads
Stick-it Pads and Memo Cubes
Loose Sheets In Holder
Refills
Acrylic Holders
Party & Celebrations
View All Party & Celebrations
Party Accessories
View All Party Accessories
Frost Flex Cups
Clear Plastic Cups
Stadium Cups
Styrofoam Cups
Cocktail Napkins
Luncheon Napkins
Guest Towels
Napkin Holders
Coasters
Placemats
Bottle Tags
Gift Tags
Gift Stickers
Gift Packaging
By Occasion
View All By Occasion
Halloween
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Valentines Day
Easter
St. Patrick's Day
Graduation
Mother's Day
Father's Day
Seasonal
Fourth of July
Cocktails & Dinner
Save The Date
Wedding Shower
Baby Shower
Bachelorette Shower
Rehearsal Dinner
Cards & Invites
View All Cards & Invites
All Christmas Cards
Photo
Traditional
Design Your Own
View All Design Your Own
By Product
View All By Product
Bordered Stationery
Napkins
Cups
Drinkware
Correspondence Cards
Fold Notes
Notepads & Memos
Luggage Tags
Return Address Labels
Coasters
Gift Packaging
Guaranteed Christmas delivery with $10 Express Shipping Upgrade! show details
You must select either Christmas Delivery, Express (2 Days), or Express (1 Day) at checkout to guarantee Christmas delivery.  Offer applies to orders shipping within the United States only.
Home
>
Terms & Conditions | American Stationery
CLOSEFor an additional fee of $6 you can get your stationery gift wrapped. Your gift message is included on an attractive gift card.
Terms & Conditions
Ordering Shipping Payment Changes or Cancellations Manufacturing Time Problems With Your Order Our Guarantee Ordering Alternatives Advertising and Marketing
Ordering from American Stationery
* Our shopping cart is fully secure. Please refer to our Privacy and Security information. * Please proofread carefully before submitting your order. You are responsible for the copy you send to us. Please check names and addresses carefully. Verify all information is complete and accurate before submitting your order. We will print exactly what you specify. Our web ordering system is automated. We are not able to screen or check individual orders. * Computer monitors display colors differently. The actual color of our products and inks may be slightly different from that which is displayed on your monitor. If product or ink color is critical, please order samples before placing your product order. * Paper products may vary slightly in color and weight, from one mill lot to the next. A product ordered today may vary slightly in color or weight from the same product ordered previously. * Samples that are ordered and samples that are received might vary slightly. To reduce waste, we do not print samples for every option of every product. * Please see our privacy policy for additional terms and conditions related to the ordering process.
Shipping
* We ship your order via reputable carriers only, including FedEx, UPS and the USPS. Standard delivery generally requires several days for your order to reach its destination. Express delivery is available for an additional fee. * Shipping and Handling (S&H) will be added to the total of your order. S&H is calculated based upon the total dollar value of your order. It is impossible to calculate or bill the actual shipping amount before your order is manufactured, packaged and shipped. What you pay for S&H is very close to our actual cost. Unlike many of our competitors, we do not design our shipping tables to be profit centers. * Shipment to multiple addresses is available for an added fee, in addition to the S&H. Multiple shipments require additional handling and packaging. * Special rates apply to shipments outside the continental U.S. and for oversized packages.  * All charges are in U.S. dollars.  The recipient of the package is responsible for credit card exchange rates, delivery fees and custom charges. * UPS cannot deliver to Post Office boxes. Please also provide us with a physical street address for these carriers. * For safety and security, it is advantageous to ship your order to a commercial address. Carriers sometimes leave packages unattended, or with a neighbor, if no one is home when delivery is attempted. These packages can be lost, forgotten or even stolen. We are not responsible for the loss of your order by failed delivery. We will assist you in filing a claim with the carrier, but in no case shall we issue a refund or free replacement for an order where the carrier can provide delivery confirmation. Nearly all our shipments can be tracked from our manufacturing facility to the delivery address. For your security, we suggest you specify a commercial address, if possible, for delivery during normal working hours. * During the Christmas holiday season, we may offer "Christmas Delivery" or
"Guaranteed Christmas Delivery" or verbage to that effect. This is valid for US Addresses ONLY. This means that American Stationery, based upon the shipping carriers deadlines/promises for Christmas delivery,
will strive to get your packages delivered before/on Christmas. However American Stationery cannot be responsible for delays caused by circumstances beyond our control such as, but not limited to, weather, carrier breakdowns, or inaccurate shipping addresses.
While we strive to have all products on hand, occasionally there can be a back order of a component(s) of your order, and our maximum liability would be limited to the additional shipping upgrade amount charged to the customer, if any. Any such claim for the latter, must be made to us within 15 days of delivery of your order. There is no refund for carrier delays or those delays beyond our control.International Shipping with Viabox.com We have partnered with viabox.com to offer convenient international shipping to our customers. They provide great shipping rates to more than 225 countries with quick delivery times. Customers sign up with viabox.com and receive their own private U.S. street address to receive merchandise. Viabox.com provides specialized international package forwarding services from your new U.S. address to your international address. Follow these two steps for international delivery:1. Get your own Viabox address in America at www.viabox.com.2. Use your new Viabox address, provided by Access USA, when placing your order with us.viabox.com members receive deeply discounted shipping rates, exceptional customer service, the ability to consolidate packages, 24/7 online access to their account, and access to other services.
Payment
* We accept American Express, Discover, MasterCard, Visa credit cards and Paypal. The security of your account numbers is assured. See our Privacy and Security information.* When paying with a credit or debit card your account will be authorized within 1 day of submission. Your card will be charged upon your order entering production. * All prices and payments are in U.S dollars. We are not responsible for fluctuations in the exchange rate between the time you submit your order and when we bill your credit card. * Indiana orders will include sales tax. This will be added to the total of your order.
* A returned check fee of $25.00 will be assessed for all checks returned by your bank.
Changes or Cancellations
* Printed or Personalized Items: Your printed order begins processing automatically as soon as it is submitted. If possible, we will accommodate your request to change or cancel your order. A minimum $10 fee will be charged to change or cancel your printed or personalized order. If your order has already been printed or personalized, changes or cancellations will not be made. You will be charged for the original order * Non-personalized Items: Orders for off-the-shelf-items, which are not personalized can be changed or cancelled if they have not been shipped. A $10 handling and re-stocking fee, per order, will be charged for changes or cancellations of off-the-shelf items. * To avoid change or cancellation fees, please check your order carefully prior to submitting it. * To request an order be changed or cancelled, contact our customer service department using contact information found on this web site.
Manufacturing Time
* Each personalized order is individually handcrafted by our trained staff. Please allow us the adequate production time needed to produce your order with the highest quality standards. * Most personalized stationery and accessories are usually manufactured and shipped within 3-5 business days of receiving your order, unless otherwise specified on the product detail page. * Order Early: All orders are manufactured as quickly as possible, but heavy work volumes that occur from time to time may cause delays.
Problems With Your Order
* Damage: If, upon receipt, you find that your order is not as it should be, please contact our customer service department immediately, using the contact information provided on this web site. Any damage must be reported within ten (10) days of delivery. No allowances or credits will be given after this period. * Returns: We proudly stand behind all our products. We are not happy unless you are completely satisfied. You may return non-personalized items for refund, credit, or replacement, within ten (10) days of receiving your order. Before returning any item, contact our Customer Service Department and provide complete details about the item(s) you wish to return. Contact information is provided on this web site. Items being returned must be in their original packaging and carton. We're sorry, personalized items where we have made no error, cannot be returned. If we make an error in manufacturing your personalized item, we will happily replace it, or issue a full refund for that item. Errors in personalized items must be reported to our Customer Service Department within thirty (30) days of receiving your order. We are not responsible for errors in your original copy or print instructions Returns should be shipped to:
Customer Service Dept.
American Stationery
100 N. Park Avenue
Peru, IN 46970
* Shipping charges are refundable only if we made an error in the original order. No allowances, refunds, credits, exchanges or other adjustments may be made for non-personalized items not returned within ten (10) days from receipt of your order, or for personalized items where we have not been notified of a defect in your order within thirty (30) days of receipt of your order. * We work hard to insure your complete satisfaction. We have been satisfying generations of Americans since 1919. Unfortunately, from time to time, despite our best efforts and intentions, errors do happen. When they do, we will replace the item, or refund your money, without hesitation or argument. The American Stationery Company, Inc. shall not be liable, in any way, for consequential or inconsequential damages or losses sustained, or aggravated, by any errors, omissions or delays in the manufacture or shipping of your order, except as defined within this statement of Terms and Conditions.
Our Guarantee
We guarantee our personalized products and accessory items to be free of manufacturing errors or product defects. Should we make an error in your original copy, or written instructions, we will replace your stationery, or any other personalized item, free of charge, if notified within (30) days of receipt of your order. Non-personalized items may be returned for replacement or a full cash refund should you be dissatisfied with them for any reason. Simply return any unsatisfactory non-personalized item within ten (10) days.
Ordering Alternatives
We also accept orders by mail, fax or phone. See the Customer Service page of this web site for additional information concerning alternative ordering methods.
Advertising and Marketing
American Stationery, Inc reserves the right to use any and all products designed and produced by its staff for advertising and marketing purposes, whether such creation is a custom order or otherwise.
This use also includes, but is not limited to using customer testimonials and customer designs as product samples, in photographs and in advertisements.
This applies to all marketing and advertising by American Stationery, Inc, both online, verbal media and in print.
If customer is opposed to any aspect of his/her design being used in this manner, customer must notify us in writing at the time of order placement.
Connect With Us
BLOG
Get Exclusive Offers!
GET TO KNOW US
About Us
Press Releases
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
HELPFUL INFO
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
FAQ
Shopping Basket
Track Shipment
Shipment Info
MORE PRODUCTS
catalog
Featured Products
Clearance
The American Wedding
Family Labels
OTHER INFO
The Note Pad
Letter Writing
Christmas Verses
Order by phone 24 hours a day. Customer Service available M-F 9:00 am - 10:00 pm EST Weekend Hours: 8:30 am - 5:00 pm EST
© 2002-2020 American Stationery Company. Inc. All rights reserved.
American Stationery-providing personalized stationery,personalized address labels
and quality printed products to American families since 1919.
Loading...