https://www.woodlandmanufacturing.com/privacy.html
Current Responsive Identifier:
Search:
Woodland Manufacturing is currently closed.
Our hours are: M-F 7:00am - 5:00pm MST
Leave Message
Sign In
Letters & Numbers
Wood Letters
Indoor Wood Letters
Indoor Painted Wood Letters
Outdoor Wood Letters
Outdoor Painted Wood Letters
Metal Letters
Cut Metal Letters
Cast Metal Letters
Fabricated Metal Letters
Metal Faced Letters
Aluminum Letters
Bronze Letters
Steel Letters
Brass Letters
Copper Letters
Plastic Letters
Acrylic Letters
Foam Letters
Formed Plastic Letters
Formed Plastic Symbols
Injection Molded Letters
Illumination Channel Letters
Stencils
Letter Stencils
Industrial Stencils
Parking Lot Stencils
Stencil Sets
Vinyl Letters
Numbers
Large Letters
Event Letters
Greek Letters
Need something custom? Get a Quote
Indoor Signs
Indoor Signs
Unfinished Letters
Color Letters
Natural Letters
Custom Indoor Signs
Building Numbers
Flat Letters
Lighted Letter Signs
Natural Letters
Custom Indoor Signs
Need indoor signs custom made? Get a Quote
Outdoor Signs
Outdoor Signs
Unfinished Outdoor Letters
Color Outdoor Letters
Natural Outdoor Letters
Custom Outdoor Signs
Flat Letters
Outdoor Lighted Signs
Outdoor Numbers
Natural Outdoor Letters
Custom Outdoor Signs
Need outdoor signs custom made? Get a Quote
Custom Signs
Metal Signs
Wood Signs
Plastic Signs
Custom Signs
Business Signs
Church Signs
Event Letters
More Custom Signs
Plaques
Aluminum Plaques
Bronze Plaques
Brass Plaques
More Plaques
Custom Signs
Need something custom? Get a Quote
Resources
Custom Quote
Custom Manufacturing
COVID-19 Supplies
Samples
Mounting Products
Dimensional Letter Mounting
Vinyl Application Supplies
Stencil Application Supplies
DIY Sign Info
How to Install Sign Letters
How to Finish Sign Letters
Customer Photos
Articles
Installation Guides
Need something custom? Get a Quote
1-800-705-4020
Chat
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Woodland Manufacturing, Inc. (“WMI”), the owner and operator of the website located at
https://www.woodlandmanufacturing.com/ (“the Portal Site”), recognizes that its customers, visitors,
users, and others (collectively or individually "Users") who use the Portal Site or other web sites
owned or operated by WMI (all collectively the "WMI Sites") value their privacy. This Privacy Policy
details important information regarding the use and disclosure of Users’ information collected on
the WMI Sites. WMI provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether
to use or continue using the WMI Sites. THE PORTAL SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AVAILABLE AT
https://www.woodlandmanufacturing.com/termsandconditions.html ARE
INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. BY VIEWING THE PORTAL PAGE OR ANY
WMI SITE, OR BY CLICKING ON AN “I AGREE” BUTTON ON ANY WMI SITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
PLEASE DO NOT USE OR VIEW ANY WMI SITE OR CLICK ON “I AGREE” IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY.
TO REVOKE YOUR ACCEPTANCE AT ANY TIME AFTER YOU HAVE CLICKED ON “I AGREE,” PLEASE CONTACT
sales@woodlandmanufacturing.com.
This policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you, how we may use or
disclose that information, and our efforts to protect it. Please read this policy carefully, and
feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding its contents.
Types of Information Collected and Security
When orders are placed, we will ask for billing information to complete your purchase. All
information collected through our shopping cart's checkout pages is through a 256 bit encrypted
connection to your browser, using a valid SSL certificate. Your billing name, address, and purchase
details are retained in our secure databases. We do not store or mail your credit card numbers.
Credit card details are processed via a secure gateway. If you prefer, we have provided several
alternate methods for online purchasing of our products and services: You may mail in your payment,
or request a traditional phone call to obtain your credit card details. If using the PayPal service
to checkout, all billing information is provided once you are passed off to their secure transaction
servers at PayPal. They handle everything.
Use of Cookies
Our shopping cart and outlying affiliate system makes use of cookies when a visitor's Internet
browser is set up to accept them. Cookies are small data files that a web site sends to your browser
for storage on your computer's hard drive. No personal data whatsoever is stored or transmitted via
cookies originating from our site. The cookie sets a complex number. That is it. We use the number on
our side to keep your shopping cart initialized to the correct person. The cookie is not used to track
any Internet activity. If you came to our site by clicking on one of our affiliate links, it's
possible that a similar cookie was set, which just contains the affiliate's ID number. If you complete
an order on our site, we use the affiliate's ID number to credit them for the sale. We do not track
any other activity with it, on our site, or the Internet.
Use of Information
All information collected by our online ordering system is used solely for in house ordering and
transaction management: to register your products, to resolve billing issues, to mail you receipts,
invoices, special access codes to our developer areas. We do not use our ordering system's
information, i.e., email addresses, phone numbers, addresses, for anything outside what is required
to complete transactions. We do not use any of your information to mail unsolicited mail. You must
voluntarily sign up for our announcements mailing list to receive notifications of new products.
Third Party Disclosure
The personal information you have provided us and information about your order will not be shared,
sold, or given to any third party invested in the business of marketing, or collecting marketing
information. The only exception, is Google Analytics, see section regarding Google Analytics below
for more information. Note: When paying by credit card, your charge and payment information is
processed via our merchant services account.
Google Analytics
We utilize the Google analytics Including Demographics and Interest Reports, Remarketing with Google
Analytics, and DCM Integration. To opt out of this feature please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Disclosure of Information
The personal information you have provided us and the information about your order will not be
shared or given away for any reason whatsoever outside of what is needed to process your order and
complete your transaction. All personal information collected on our site is done via a 256 bit
encrypted connection to your browser, under a verified SSL site certificate. You may check this from
your browser. WMI will disclose personally and non-personally identifiable information when WMI
believes is necessary to: (1) respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process; (2) establish or
exercise our legal rights; (3) defend against legal claims; (4) investigate, prevent, or take action
regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
safety of any person, or violations of our terms of use; or (5) to otherwise comply with the law.
WMI will transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merge with another company.
Fraud
It is the intention of WMI to prosecute credit card fraud to the fullest extent of all state,
federal, and international laws. We will provide any and all transactional information, including
(but not limited to) all trace information to the purchasing computer, to State, Federal and
International Authorities, including the FBI, The Department of Justice, The Federal Trade
Commission, and the National White Collar Crime Center.
Options
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the WMI Sites, in
which case WMI may not be able to provide certain services to you. You can edit or unsubscribe your
information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. To protect your privacy and security,
we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting
you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your
unique password and account information at all times. We reserve the right to send you certain
communications relating to the WMI Sites, such as service announcements, administrative messages and
news, that are considered part of your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving them.
Confidentiality
If WMI learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so
that you can take appropriate protective steps. WMI may post a notice on the WMI Sites if a security
breach occurs. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably
need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order
to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal
regulations to protect personal information about you.
Media
Any videos, pictures, music, and information that you submit to the WMI Sites may be redistributed
through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. WMI may use
cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have
to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the WMI Sites; (b) provide custom,
personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d)
monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; (e) monitor what
shows you watch, what genre music you favor, and how often you are on the site; and (f) track your
entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
International Users
Please be advised that through your continued use of the WMI Sites, which are governed by U.S. law,
this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Use, that you are agreeing to be bound by the laws of this
territory and by transferring your personal information to the United States, you consent to that
transfer.
Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites
WMI may allow third-party advertisers to serve advertisements within the WMI Sites. These third-party
advertisers use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that
appear on the WMI Sites. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. WMI does not
provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party advertisers without your consent,
except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or
opt-out. Should you respond to an advertisement, the advertiser may conclude that you fit the
description of the audience the advertiser is trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information
regarding your use of the WMI Sites, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any
personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you.
Privacy for Children
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, WMI does not
knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally-identifiable
information on the WMI Sites from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is
directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access
the WMI Sites at any time or in any manner. If WMI learns that personally identifiable information
of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the WMI Sites without verified parental
consent, then WMI will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
Sign Up & Save
Sign Up & Save 5%
Get special discounts, funny emails, and unique customer stories.
Keep in Touch
Would you like to tell us more about yourself?
I'm ordering for:
Business/Organization
Personal Use
Crafting
Other
No Thanks
Update
Call: 1-800-705-4020
Call: 1-800-705-4020
Hours:
M-F 7:00am - 5:00pm MST
Everyone needs signs. We streamlined custom sign-making so people can focus on what they do best and look good doing it. We offer friendly customer service with design skills, experienced artisans in our shop, and attention to detail to help get your custom sign made.
Follow Us
Helpful Links
Design Help
FAQ's
Shipping Rates
Satisfaction Guarantee
Return Policy
Warranties
Coupons
Fonts
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Reviews
Careers
Custom Signs Boise
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2001-2020 Woodland Manufacturing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.