http://www.diyframing.com/page.cfm/content/Website-terms-of-Use
NewslettersContact us
Home NewsFeedbackLinksBlog Store SearchPrice beaterMaterialsToolsServices UK School of Framing CoursesSearch coursesRequest a course Support Ask a FramerFAQLibrary Login/Register
Search for:
You are here:
Website conditions of Use for www.DIYFraming.com
Please click here for our trading terms: Terms and Conditions of Sale
This Internet web site ("Web Site") is provided by DIY Framing Limited ("DIYFraming"). Your use of this Web Site is subject to the following terms and conditions. DIYFraming may revise these terms from time to time by updating this posting, with the revised terms taking effect as of the date of its posting.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use the site.
Use of Materials on this Web Site
DIYFraming maintains this Web Site for your personal information and education. You may download on one computer or print one copy of the material on this Web Site for your own non-commercial, educational, private or domestic use only, provided you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. You should assume that everything you see or read on the Web Site (such as images, photographs, illustrations, icons, texts, video clips, written and other materials) ("DIYFraming's Material") is copyrighted and protected under treaty provisions and worldwide copyright laws, unless otherwise noted. You may not sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, prepare derivative works based on, report or otherwise use any DIYFraming Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. Furthermore, you may not use or display DIYFraming's Material on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose. If you violate any of these terms, your permission to use DIYFraming's Material will automatically terminate and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of DIYFraming's Material. Any unauthorized use of DIYFraming's Material by you may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Your Submissions
Any communication or material you transmit to the Web Site by electronic mail or otherwise, excluding personally identifiable data about yourself, but including, but not limited to, any data, questions or answers, comments, suggestions, or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by DIYFraming. By posting communications to the Web Site, you automatically grant DIYFraming a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such communication(s) alone, or as a part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known of hereafter developed and to sublicense such rights to anyone. Anything you transmit or post may be used by DIYFraming for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, or developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Privacy Policy
DIYFraming respects the privacy of the users of its Web Site. We do not share the information you provide to us on-line with third parties. Non-personally identifiable data relating to the usage of this Web Site by visitors is automatically provided to DIYFraming through the use of cookies when you log on to the Web Site. A cookie is a small data file that web sites often launch to read what is stored on your computer's hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information, such as a unique user ID that web sites use to track the pages of the sites you visited. We use cookies but do not store personally identifiable information in your cookie or obtain personally identifiable information about you from cookies. We use cookies to improve your experience of our Web Site and to improve our Web Site design, as well as our products and services by understanding what areas of the site are of the greatest interest to you. Personally identifiable information about you, including e-mail addresses, names, postal addresses, credit card information etc, is only made known to DIYFraming when voluntarily submitted or posted to us by you. DIYFraming uses personally identifying data to fulfill any requests you may make on our Web Site or to respond to any questions or comments you may choose to submit to us. In addition, we may use your personally identifiable data to contact you in the future about DIYFraming announcements, products and services which we feel may be of interest to you. We give you the opportunity to opt out of this service when you submit your information to us. You may opt out at any time by sending us an email via our Web Site contact form. You can request a copy of the information you have submitted to us and ask that it be updated or deleted by contacting us.
Data submitted by you through our Web Site is collected and stored in the UK.
We trust our privacy policy demonstrates our commitment to protecting your privacy. If you have any questions please contact us.
Disclaimer
The information on this site is intended for general information purposes only and is not intended to serve as technical or other advice. Whilst DIYFraming tries to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and complete, much of the information is supplied to us by third parties. DIYFraming is not able therefore to ensure the accuracy or completeness of that information. Your use of the Web Site is at your own risk. DIYFraming does not warrant or represent that DIYFraming's Material is accurate, error-free, truthful or reliable or that your use of DIYFraming's Material will not infringe rights of third parties. DIYFraming does not warrant that the functional aspects of the Web Site will be error free or that this Web Site or the server(s) that makes it available are free of viruses or other possibly harmful elements. If your use of this Web Site or DIYFraming's Material results in the need for servicing or replacing property, material, equipment or data, DIYFraming is not responsible for those costs. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Web Site is provided to you "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. DIYFRAMING AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF DIYFRAMING MATERIAL, SOFTWARE TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS, OR ABOUT RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USING THE WEB SITE. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Trademark Notice
The trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") which you see on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of DIYFraming or it's suppliers. Nothing contained on the Web Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Web Site without the written permission of DIYFraming or such third party who owns the trademark. Your misuse of any trademark displayed on the Web Site, or any other content on the Web Site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Copyright Notice
All contents of this Web Site are: Copyright ©2002-2018 DIYFraming. All rights reserved.
Links
On this site you will be offered links to other sites operated by parties other than DIYFraming. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by DIYFraming of those sites. DIYFraming has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Web Site and is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this Web Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Termination
You agree that DIYFraming may terminate your use of the Web Site if DIYFraming reasonably believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement, or violated the rights of DIYFraming or any third party, or for any reason with or without notice to you. You agree that DIYFraming may modify or discontinue this Web Site, with or without notice to you. You agree that DIYFraming will not be liable to you or any third party as a result of such modification or discontinuation. The provisions entitled "Your Submissions,", "Disclaimer,", "Limitation of Liability," and "General Provisions" will survive termination of this Agreement.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances whatsoever shall DIYFraming be liable for any loss arising out of or in connection with the use of information available from this Web Site whether direct or indirect including, without limitation, any liability relating to any loss of use, interruption of business, lost profits or lost data, or incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even if DIYFraming has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states and countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.
General Provisions
Unless otherwise specified, the information and materials in the site are presented solely for the purpose of promoting products and services of DIYFraming and it's suppliers. DIYFraming makes no representation that DIYFraming's Material is appropriate or available for use in every country of the world. You use this Web Site at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws, keeping in mind that access to DIYFraming's Material may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. Products of DIYFraming are available in many parts of the world. However, this Web Site may describe products that are not available worldwide. Any cause of action you may have with respect to this Web Site must be commenced within two years after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. The waiver by DIYFraming of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not operate to be interpreted as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.
Browse Store Categories
NEW WEBSITE Don't forget to shop using our new website: shop.diyframing.com
we are recommending all customers switch over for all future orders, why not have a look with faster dispatch and quicker navigation. Register today.
Pre - Sized Sheet Materials; 500 mm x 400 mm
Special offers & New Items
ARQADIA Mountboard
BRITANNIA Mountboard
Mountboard
Books
Finishing Tools
Foamwerks
Frame Clamping tools
Frame finishing products
Framing accessories
Framing start - up kits
Gift Vouchers
Gullotines, Saws & Sanders
Hardware
Joining
Moulding & Mount board samples
Mount Cutters - Board systems
Mount Cutters - Handheld
Mount Cutters - Mount cutter blades & spare parts
Mount Cutters - Speciality Accessories
Mount Cutters - Straight Edges & rule systems
Packaging
Professional framing equipment
Sheet materials
Special offer mouldings & mountboard
Canvas Stretching
Tapes and Adhesives
Photo / Canvas Transfer
Ready Made Frames
Moulding
Workshop
STAS Gallery System Blister packs
STAS Cliprail Pro
Training Kit List
---
---
---
---
Website Terms of UsePrivacy StatementContact DIYframingSitemapCompany InformationTerms and Conditions of Sale
Web design developed and maintained by New Media Development Ltd.
Copyright © 2020, DIYframing. All rights reserved.