http://www.californiababy.com/pages/privacy-security
Bath & Hair
Bug & Sun
Eczema
The Rest
close
Shampoo & Bodywashes
Bubble Bath
Hair Conditioners
Bath Drops
Hair De-Tangler & Hair Gel
Bath & Hair Bulk
Accessories
Sunscreens
Natural Bug Spray
After Sun
Swimmer's Defense
Sun Accessories
Sun Bulk Sizes
Eczema Shampoo & Bodywash
Eczema Cream
Eczema Bulk Sizes
100% Plant-Based Products
Most Popular Essentials
Sales & Promos
Creams & Lotions
Hand Sanitizers
Moisturizing Handwashes
Diaper
Gifts & Totes
Bulk Sizes
Aroma Sticks
For Home
California Kids
Fur Baby
Samples
About California Baby
Our Organic Farm
Meet our Founder
Our Products
Contact Us
My Account
Shipping
Return Policy
FAQ
Our Manufacturing Facility
Privacy & Security
CALIFORNIA BABY PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date: OCTOBER 25 2019
California Baby is serious about customer privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the type of information we may collect from you or you may provide to us when you visit our website at www.californiababy.com (our “Website”) or purchase our products.  This Privacy Policy also explains our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such data, which may include, but not be limited to personal data.
By accessing or using our Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to our collection and processing of your Data.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OUR WEBSITE.
SECTION 1 - LAWFUL BASES FOR COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF DATA THROUGH OUR WEBSITE; DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
When you visit our Website, we automatically collect certain information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.  Additionally, as you browse our Website, we collect information about web pages or products that you view, the websites or search terms that referred you to our Website, and information about how you interact with our Website.
When you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through our Website, we also collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (such as credit card numbers), email address, and phone number.  This information is collectively referred to as “Data.”
We will only collect and process Data about you where we have a lawful basis.  Lawful bases include where you have given consent, where processing is necessary for the delivery of product you have ordered through our Website and other “legitimate interests.”  Where we rely on your consent to process Data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.  Please consult Section 3, below, for additional information.
SECTION 2 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR DATA?
The Data we collect from customers is used to fulfill orders placed through our Website, which includes the processing of payment information, preparing orders for shipment, and providing order confirmations and other order-related communication. In addition, we’ll use Data from your visit to our Website to improve and optimize the customer experience, to screen for potential risk and fraud, to provide the most relevant advertisements and email communications to you, and to assess the success of our current marketing and advertising campaigns.  Pursuant to General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), we are considered a “controller” of Data and we may engage third party “processors” of Data.
SECTION 3 - YOUR CONSENT & RIGHTS; UPDATING OR CORRECTING YOUR DATA
Through your access of our Website and provision of Data as described herein, you have provided your consent for our use and collection of your Data.  However, in the event you change your mind, and no longer wish that we utilize your Data, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information at any time, or modify your contact information, by contacting us at feedback@CaliforniaBaby.com and indicate on the subject line, “Privacy Compliance,” or by mailing us at: California Baby, 5933 Bowcroft Street, Los Angeles, CA 90016, Attention:  Privacy Compliance.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 provides California residents with certain rights as to personal information maintained by businesses subject to the statute. Those rights include the following:
(1)       The right to request disclosure of personal information, including the categories of personal information collected, the source of the personal information, any use made of the personal information, and, if personal information was disclosed or sold to third parties, the categories of such personal information and the categories of third parties to whom such information was disclosed or sold.
(2)       The right to request a copy of the specific personal information collected about the requesting individual during the 12 months before the request;
(3)       The right – with certain exceptions – to have personal information deleted;
(4)       The right to request that personal information not be sold to third parties; and
(5)       The right not to be discriminated on the basis of having asserted privacy rights.
California residents may a request for their personal information to any business subject to the CCPA twice within a twelve-month period.  The responding business will need to obtain information from the requesting party so that it can verify their identity.  The business must respond within forty-five (45) days of receiving a request for personal information.  If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us on our website at: https://www.californiababy.com/pages/contact-us, and click on the link identified as “Personal Information Rights of California Consumers”, and fill in the requested information.  You may alternatively contact us at the following toll-free number: (310) 815-8201.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us at feedback@CaliforniaBaby.com and indicate on the subject line, “Privacy Compliance,” or by mailing us at: California Baby, 5933 Bowcroft Street, Los Angeles, CA 90016, Attention:  Privacy Compliance.
In addition, European residents who believe any concerns regarding their Data have not been adequately addressed by us may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of their particular Member State, as defined under GDPR Chapter 6.
SECTION 4 - DATA RETENTION
California Baby is located in the United States.  By submitting your Data through our Website, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of your Data, which, depending on the use of third party services, may be processed, transferred and stored outside of the country where you reside.  When you place an order through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  We will maintain your Data for a period of five (5) years from the date of your last visit to our Website and/or last product order, or until such time we receive instructions from you to remove or delete your Data, whichever is soonest.
SECTION 5 - COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser that allows us to recognize you and your preferences. Cookies may be used for the following reasons: (1) to enable certain site functions and features, (2) to provide data analytics, (3) to store your preferences, and/or (4) to enable ad delivery and marketing. You can set your cookie preferences in your browser settings.
Here is a non-exhaustive list of the most common cookies we use so you may determine if you would like to opt out:
_session_id: Unique token, sessional, allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc.).
_shopify_visit: No data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, used by our website provider’s internal statistics tracker to record the number of visits
_shopify_uniq: No data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.
cart: Unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, stores information about the contents of your cart.
_secure_session_id: Unique token, sessional
storefront_digest: Unique token, indefinite, if the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access
You also may opt out of targeted advertising. Below are some of common targeted advertising sites. You may choose to opt out through the following services directly (not an exhaustive list):
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/enus/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Digital Advertising Alliance - http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/ National Advertising Initiative - http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
SECTION 6 – ONLINE STORE / THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Our store utilizes Shopify as our third-party e-commerce and payment partner, which allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your Data is stored through these databases and applications. They store your Data on a secure server behind a firewall. If you choose a direct payment through our store to complete your purchase, then our partner stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as necessary to complete your purchase transaction. Once complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS, as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read our partner Terms of Service and Privacy Statement here:
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your Data to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than you or us.  So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. You may find the privacy policies for U.S. based the third-party service providers’ privacy policies at the following links:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
https://pay.amazon.com/us/help/201491260
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203027
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.shipstation.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms
https://shopify.com/legal/privacy
If you are located outside the U.S., you may need to seek out the third-party’s privacy policies related to your jurisdiction.
When you click on links on our Website, they may direct you away from our Website.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.  Once you leave our Website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, customers living in the State of California can request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
SECTION 7 - DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, rent or disclose your Data to third parties, except as provided herein:
(a)       We will disclose Data (i) if it is required by law enforcement or judicial authorities, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation; (ii) if we have a good faith belief that we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process; (iii) to protect our rights, reputation, property, or the safety of us or others; (iv) to defend or enforce our rights or your obligations; (v) if the disclosure is required by mandatory professional standards; (vi) to a third party with your prior consent; (vii) if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Data in order to enforce or apply any contracts or agreements that may exist between you and us, including this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service found on our Website; and/or (viii) if we are required to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
(b)       We obtain support through third party service providers to maintain our Website, offer our products for sale, process customer orders, and deliver products.  For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on our Website and we provide order information to third parties that may package and deliver your product order including your address, name, phone if required for delivery, order totaled, and what was ordered.
(c)       In the event we sell our stock or assets to an acquiring entity or merges with another entity, we reserve the right to provide your Data to the acquiring or surviving entity.
SECTION 8 - DATA SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with an AES-256 encryption.  We follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your Data, you acknowledge that:  (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet that are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and Data exchanged between you and us through our Website cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or any third party for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and (c) any such information and Data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your Data in our control may have been compromised, we will try to notify you.  To the extent you have provided us with your email address, we may notify you by email and you agree to our use of email as a means of such notification.  If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please contact us using the information contained in Section 3, above, with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
SECTION 9 – DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Some websites have “do not track” features that allow users to instruct a website not to track them.  These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals; however, our marketing partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, which have agreed to honor consumers’ opt-out preferences submitted through those organizations’ websites.  To learn more about your choices regarding this type of data collection or to opt out of interest-based advertising by members of the NAI or the DAA, please visit the choices websites of the NAI and DAA at https://www.aboutads.info) You also may locate Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.  You can obtain more information about how to opt-out of Adobe Analytics here:  http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
SECTION 10 - AGE OF CONSENT
We are not a site targeted at children or those under the age of 16.  By using our Website, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your country, state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use our Website.
SECTION 11 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on our Website. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
Shop with ease
My Account
Return Policy
Shipping
Contact Us
FAQ
Customer Service
Our Products
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Wholesale Application
Ingredient Standards
California Baby Reviews
About us
About California Baby
Meet our Founder
Our Organic Farm
Our Manufacturing Facility
Advocacy/NAC
Accessibility Statement
Notice of Collection
Connect with us
Join the Conversation
Press & Media Coverage
Press Inquiries
Medical Sample Inquiries
Mombassadors
Instagram
Facebook
Advocacy/NAC
Press & Media Coverage
Join The Conversation
Press Inquiries
Medical Sample Inquiries
Mombassadors
Customer Service
Return Policy
Notice of Collection
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Resellers
Instagram
Facebook
© 2020. California Baby. All Rights Reserved
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Customers Also Bought
Deluxe Travel Set
Current Price
$20.00
Add to Cart
Calendula™ Bubble Bath
Current Price
$14.79
Add to Cart
Hand Sanitizers
Current Price
$6.29
Add to Cart
Calendula™ Everyday Lotion
Current Price
$14.49
Add to Cart
Close
Join The Clb
Join the club
Sign up for updates, special
offers and more..
Email *
Join
* indicates a required field
Close
0.5oz Fan Favorites
Want to try some of our must-have products?
0.5oz Fan Favorites
Want to try some of our must-have products?
Please complete your purchase in 2 easy steps.
Subscription customers: please email your sample requests to
customersupport@californiababy.com.
Thank you!
save and keep shopping
Checkout
no thanks
no thanks, pick for me
Breakpoints
$break-smallest-phone
374px
$break-smaller-phone
413px
$break-phone
480px
$break-tablet
767px
$break-tablet-portrait
979px
$break-desktop
1024px
$break-large
1280px
$break-huge
1400px
Colors
$black
#000000
$blue-1
#86a9e3
$blue-2
#677284
$gray-1
#464545
$gray-2
#5e5c5c
$green-1
#b8dd7f
$green-2
#b1d689
$green-3
#eaffee
$orange-1
#f19e6b
$pink-1
#f1bfd2
$purple-1
#400099
$purple-2
#cac8de
$purple-3
#ecebf4
$purple-4
#ebf0fa
$red-1
#db1e34
$red-2
#ea2750
$red-3
#ffebeb
$turquoise-1
#a4e6da
$white
#ffffff
$yellow-1
#f7dc73
$yellow-2
#f8dd73
$yellow-3
#fce794
$yellow-4
#fff3c6
Easing
$ease-1
ease-in-out
$ease-2
cubic-bezier(.75,.02,.5,.99)
Font Weight
Classes fw-light, fw-normal, and fw-bold available.
$normal
400
$medium
500
$bold
700
Paths
$svg-sprite-dir
"assets/"
Text
$primary-font
'Sanchez'
$secondary-font
'futura-pt-condensed'
$tertiary-font
'Open Sans'
$quaternary-font
'Hello Beautiful'
Timers
$fastest-timer
100ms
$fast-timer
200ms
$normal-timer
400ms
$slow-timer
600ms
$slowest-timer
800ms