https://www.funkylittledarlings.co.uk/terms-and-conditions-
HOMESHOPCHILDREN'S FURNITURENURSERY FURNITUREPLAYROOM FURNITUREMURALSWALLPAPERSWALL STICKERSCLOCKSART PRINTSBEDDINGACCESSORIESLIGHTINGRUGSWHAT'S NEWINTERIOR DESIGNRevamp & Refresh Mood BoardsRevamp & Refresh Mood Boards Enlargement pageOn-line Design ServiceOn-line Design Service Enlargement pageComplete Design & Project ManagementComplete Design & Project Management Enlargement pageMOOD BOARDSBLOGOUR STORYCONTACT US
Terms and Conditions
Acknowledgement and acceptance of our terms and conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to the use of the www.funkylittledarlings.co.uk/www.funkylittledarlings.com website and the purchase of any goods from it. Funky Little Darlings is a trading name of Colliss & Quinton Ltd. a company registered in England & Wales (Company No. 6620037), head office address: The Haven, Park Road, Combe, Oxfordshire, OX29 8NA, England. The company is referred to as Funky Little Darlings in these Terms and Conditions and more generally in the public domain. By using the Funky Little Darlings web site you agree to be bound by its Terms and Conditions. Please read these carefully and be aware that Funky Little Darlings reserves the right to change any of these terms without prior notice. By placing an order with Funky Little Darlings you are acknowledging that you are our customer and have read, understood and accepted our terms and conditions. Different terms and conditions apply when ordering bespoke design services and these are available on request.
Limitation of liability
Funky Little Darlings will not accept any claims for consequential costs. Liability in connection with goods and services supplied will be limited to the replacement or repair of the goods supplied and will not exceed the invoiced value.
Copyright
All images on this web site, including the web site itself, are the property of Funky Little Darlings and may only be used for the purposes of browsing the web site and for purchasing goods and services from Funky Little Darlings. The copyright of all designs supplied by or purchased from Funky Little Darlings remain the property of Funky Little Darlings and may not be reproduced, partially copied or design elements extracted in any form without the prior permission of Funky Little Darlings. All rights are reserved by Funky Little Darlings.
Permitted uses of content text, images and data
Funky Little Darlings welcomes the fair use of it's content for personal, educational, social media and other non-commercial uses on the following terms; you must cite Funky Little Darlings as the author and source of the material; link to, when possible, the Funky Little Darlings web site source; any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary information placed in or near the text, images, or data must be included; and, all terms or restrictions other than copyright (such as trademark, publicity and privacy rights, or contractual restrictions) as may be specified in the metadata or as may otherwise apply to the content must be complied with.
About our products
We offer a mix of bespoke (personal), custom (non-standard) and stock (standard) products; all bespoke and custom products are printed/made to order, we normally have all our stock products available immediately. Sizes and measurements given are as accurate as reasonably possible and current at time of display although Funky Little Darlings does not accept liability for sizing errors shown on the our web site.
Sales tax (UK VAT) charges
All prices shown include UK VAT at the current rate. We do not exclude or refund VAT for UK or European Union distance sales (countries outside the EU are UK VAT exempt but you may be required to pay local import duties).
Placing orders
Orders are accepted once payment is made in full. Payment can be made at checkout by credit or bank card or by prior arrangement by cash or cheque. All prices shown are current at time of display although Funky Little Darlings does not accept liability for pricing errors shown on the Funky Little Darlings web site. Once payment has been received we will confirm acceptance of your order by the email address provided with your order. Funky Little Darlings reserve the right to refuse to accept your order for any reason. If we refuse your order you will be notified by email and we will immediately reimburse you any payments made to us. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment. If we are unable to deliver in your area, the item ordered is out of stock or there is an excessive delay with production or dispatch, we will contact you and offer cancellation if the delay is unacceptable to you.
Samples and swatches
Sample swatches provided a reasonable reproduction of the original product colour and material finish. Every effort is made to reproduce these accurately. Samples are normally cut sections of original product but maybe manufactured using techniques as close to the original product as is reasonably possible. You can request as many samples as you require. There is a charge for each but this is redeemable against any future purchase through Funky Little Darlings. Once you have ordered any samples you will receive a gift code or voucher to the value of your samples. Delivery charges and taxes are not included and the discount may only be used once.
Discount codes and vouchers
Funky Little Darlings discount codes represent various offers; they may be one time use only or be reusable over a fixed period of time, and they will either offer a fixed monetary discount or a percentage off amount. Gift vouchers are printed the type of discount and the code. The discount only applies to the nett product cost, e.g. it does not cover tax or delivery costs. Codes can only be redeemed when purchasing through Funky Little Darlings
cannot be used via 3rd party traders or resellers and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Colour accuracy
Every effort is made to reproduce on screen colour as closely as possible to our products, we cannot guarantee an exact match nor accept any responsibility for any variation in colour caused by the browser software or computer system used to view our products. Differing production runs and sample swatches do not guarantee colours are an exact match and may alter with time. Variation of this kind is normal and is not considered a reason for rejecting goods.
Cancellation and returning your order
You may cancel your order for any reason, please contact us as by email or phone soon as possible to do so. If this is before dispatch we can cancel your order immediately. If your order has been dispatched you have 14 calendar days after receipt to return any items. We may offer to arrange a collection or you can post items back to us. When returning your order we recommended using a secure delivery method that relies on a signature upon delivery, we do not accept liability for goods returned using any method other than our own offered collection service. Items returned must be in their unused original condition include any related accessories, instruction booklets and tags. When possible re-use the packaging provided. Incomplete, damaged or altered returns, or anything Funky Little Darlings reasonably believes has been used, will not be accepted and returned to the sender. Once we have received back the items your order is cancelled and we can refund your purchases.
Cancelling bespoke or custom orders
Bespoke or custom orders can be cancelled but you will be liable for any costs incurred before cancelling your order.
Refunds
We will refund you as soon as possible but within 14 calendar days of cancellation of your order. Refunds will be credited to the original purchaser's method of payment. We will credit you any additional postage costs where the item returned is faulty or damaged when supplied.
Delivery
Postage prices are calculated at checkout and will vary depending on parcel weight, size, delivery service and location, many items can be sent worldwide. Some addresses may have several delivery options and these will be available to choose after address input. It is your responsibility to ensure you have supplied the correct postal details. We will confirm when we can deliver your order, usually by email, normally within 21 days. If you require an express delivery which is not an option in your area, or you require a particular delivery date please contact us by phone or email and we will do our utmost to meet your deadline. There may be additional changes for express services. All delivery dates are estimates and are not a guarantee. Delivery outside the UK is on the condition there is an adequate postal/courier service to your address and that you are responsible for any additional tax payments and custom charges. It is your responsibility to notify Funky Little Darlings if an order is not delivered. Once goods have been delivered you become the owner and are held at your risk. We are not liable for their loss or destruction after this time. Because of weight, dimensions or re-selling agreements some products may not be available in your area. Large furniture deliveries are to the front door only. If you require delivering to a specific room or floor (UK mainland only) then contact us.
For up to date delivery information visit www.funkylittledarlings.co.uk/delivery
Customer satisfaction
If you are not satisfied with your purchase from Funky Little Darlings please contact us as soon as possible, but within 14 calendar days of receipt, to arrange a return and obtain a refund or replacement. Please examine your order on delivery for any damage or suitability. It is important that before you start to use our products you unwrap them and check for damage or faults, appropriateness for your use and that the dimensions are as ordered. No claims can be accepted after any of our products have been cut, hung or used and no claim for decorator/installation charges will be accepted. It is not possible to accept returns for bespoke or custom products unless we have supplied faulty goods or services.
Privacy policy
Funky Little Darlings will collect and store personal information when you contact us. This information will be held in a secure manner and will only be used for internal administration purposes and will not be passed to a third party without your consent. Credit and bank card details are only required to complete payment (through a secure recognised payment gateway independent from Funky Little Darlings ) and are not kept once the sale is complete.
We have an email newsletter subscription service giving you the latest news, offers, new products, updates, etc. and is available by checking the 'EMAIL OPT-IN' box at checkout or visit www.funkylittledarlings.co.uk/newsletter-sign-up. You can cancel this service at any time, either choose the ‘unsubscribe’ option in the newsletter or notify us directly.
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have a number of rights regarding the use of your personal data including, privacy protection, changing your communication options with us, seeing the information we hold and having your personal data erased.
Secure Login area
Extra services may be available via our secure "Login" area. You will need to apply for this service and you will be given a user name and password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to disclose your password or account details to any third party. You agree to notify Funky Little Darlings immediately if you suspect any unauthorised use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your secure "Login" area.
We reserve the right to cancel your account at any time.
Our right to change these terms and conditions
Funky Little Darlings may add to, change or remove any part of these Terms and Conditions at any time, without notice. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions or any terms posted on this site apply as soon as they are posted. By continuing to use this site after any changes are posted, you are indicating your acceptance of those changes. Funky Little Darlings may add, change, discontinue, remove or suspend any materials posted on this site, including features and specifications of products described or depicted on the site, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without notice and without liability.
Age limitation
Funky Little Darlings will only accept orders from persons aged 18 years and over.
23rd May 2018
Get in touch
call: 01993 898 834
email: info@funkylittledarlings.co.uk
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Help & Info
Press
Blog
OUR STORY
MOOD BOARDS
Whats New
Contact UsnewsDELIVERY
Sitemap | Terms | Cookies | Privacy Policy
View our products
THE NURSERYCHILDREN’S ROOMSPLAYROOM FURNITUREWALL DECORATIONBEDDINGACCESSORIESLIGHTINGRUGS
Powered by webboutiques.co.uk Web design
© Copyright Funky Little Darlings | Family Luxury Interiors. All rights reserved.
Save & Close
Our use of cookies
We use necessary cookies to assist with logging in and out,
navigation and other vital tasks. You can disable these cookies in your browser but this will cause this site
to cease to work properly.
When we use optional cookies you will be able to turn these on or off in this panel.
This site will set a cookie to remember your choices.
For more information about all the cookies we use, see our Cookies page.
Optional Analytics cookies
Google Analytics cookies are used to collect and report anonymous information on how you use the site.