https://www.ethnic-warehouse.com/privacy-policy
Telephone Orders Welcome: 01756 229 552
Ethnic Warehouse
Ethnic Clothing for Women and Men
Home
Kaftans
£10 Kaftans
Plain Kaftans
Patterned Kaftans
Floral Kaftans
Tie Dye Kaftans
Animal Print Kaftans
Short Kaftans
Summer Kaftans
View All
Adini Clearance
Boho Boutique
Ladies Wear
Embroidered
Tops
Kurtas
Dresses
Chiffon Tops
Linen
Jackets & Coats
Ponchos
Pants
Scarves
Summer
View All
Sale
Everything £5
Grandad Shirts
Leatherwear
Privacy Policy
By continuing to browse our site, you consent to us for placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser). This Privacy Policy explains how East End, trading name of East End Ethnic Warehouse collect, store and use your personal data when you browse and use the ‘Website, and when you provide us with your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Website you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Website. East End has offices at 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire, BD23 1JF .
We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2011.
What information might be held about me?
Information that you have provided to us including but not limited to when you:
Purchase products through the Website, over the phone, through store kiosks and/or store till points.
Submit rate and reviews.
Use East End applications on Facebook.
Use East End mobile shopping application.
Join East End reward scheme.
Sign up to marketing/newsletters including email and SMS.
Use our customer services web-chat facility.
Information you provide our partners and when you report a problem with the website.
Information you provide to us when applying through the Website for registration, subscribing to any of our services or requesting further services.
If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
The information we collect using cookies stored on your device. Please see the section on cookies for more information and how to manage them.
Your IP addresses.
Details of your visits to the website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources, advertisements and linked sites that you access.
The information provided to us by other companies who have attained your permission to share information about you.
Information we request and hold includes but is not limited to the following:
Your name, age, date of birth and sex
Billing and delivery postal addresses
Phone and fax numbers
Email addresses
Usernames and passwords
Payment card details
Browsing and shopping activities
Your customer queries
Your name, age, date of birth, sex
We, or third-party data processors who act on our behalf, may use the personal data you provide us in the following manner:
To provide you with the requested goods and/or services including but not limited to processing and fulfilling your order and administering promotions. To monitor and improve the services and the Website.
To manage your marketing preferences.
To contact you if there is a query regarding your order.
In the event that you purchase goods on the East End website, you may be sent an email requesting whether you would like to review your product.
To verify your identity.
In certain circumstances in order to process your order and to verify your identity, we may call your provided telephone number, which you may have provided to perform security checks and to request that you verify certain information.
Market research purposes.
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
To assist with any of your customer queries.
For research, analysis, risk management, legal, accounting, administrative, testing, monitoring and for our business operations.
To provide an e-receipt for a store purchase.
Unless you have not consented to, we may use your personal data in the following manner:
From time to time, to inform you by post, email, SMS or other available means, of products, services, promotions and special offers from our retail channel and East End Group of Companies.
To provide you with tailored/behavioural advertising through the use of cookies on the Website. This means that we have your agreement to store information about the products you have viewed or purchased so that we are able to make the adverts you see more relevant to you. In the event that you do not want to receive tailored advertising, or do not wish for any of your information to be processed through the use of cookies, please refer to the section on Cookies.
We may disclose personal data we collect to third parties in the following manner:
All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer and we may share your personal information with such third parties as it is necessary to enable us to do such checks. The third parties, which may include credit reference agencies, may keep a record of the information provided.
To administer your account and to disclose your details to our third-party service providers for the purpose of processing and fulfilment of your order.
We may pass your personal data to other companies to support our business operations, and or audit purposes.
We may disclose your personal data where it is necessary to comply with any applicable law or an order of a governmental or law enforcement body.
We may pass on non-personal aggregated information about sales and website usage to reputable organisations for research or analysis purposes only.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of East End Group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and our official stockists.
We do pass your details to our dedicated Customer Service Centre, who adhere to the UK Data Protection Acts 1998, and who will use this data solely for the purpose of answering your customer service queries.
We may pass your information to the third parties in order to fulfil and/or dispatch your orders. The third-party provider may send marketing material within the parcel or by post after fulfilment of your order.
We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and/or as part of any business or asset sale carried out.
Transferring data internationally
We may transfer personal data we have collected from you to a third-party data processor located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’). We will comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 in respect of any such transfers. Please be aware that such countries which are outside of EEA may not have the same level of data protection as the United Kingdom, however our collection, storage and use of your personal data will continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
By using and/or shopping on the Website you consent to the transfer of your personal data to third party data processors located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’).
Payment Card details
We process your payment card details in order to complete the purchase that you made through the Website, mobile applications and the kiosk, and may in certain instances disclose your personal data to the third-party credit reference agencies to perform credit checks against you.
Microsites
We have partnered with various trusted third-party companies to provide goods and services to you. Such goods and services can be accessed through links on the Website to the third-party company’s microsite. A microsite is a website which is owned and operated by a third-party company but is East End branded. Please note that these microsites may be governed by their own terms and conditions and privacy policies.
E-mail Marketing
You may opt out from any email marketing by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of the marketing emails. You may opt out from any SMS marketing by using the suppression codes located on the marketing text messages.
Phishing
Phishing is a method used by fraudsters to deceive someone into giving sensitive information. Most of the time phishing will take the form of emails, which purport to be from well-known companies and ask recipients to send their private information. This information is then used for identity theft and fraud.
East End will only ask you to send personal details by email if it is responding to a query you have sent online and these details are needed to answer your query properly. In this case, there will be a unique reference number in East End email to you, which refers to your original query. East End will never ask you to send any personal details by email unless you have contacted East End first. If you have not contacted East End, please ignore any email claiming to be from us which asks for personal details and let us know about it.
If we ever require your personal information other than when you have already contacted East End with a query, for security reasons we will ask you to give us a call.
Your Rights
You have the following rights:
The right to ask what personal data we hold about you at any time.
The right to ask us to update and correct any out of date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you free of charge.
The right to opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us via email orders@ethnic-warehouse.com
Testimonials
Have only ever bought on line and have never been disappointed. My kaftans have been admired all over the world. Thank you East End.
Christine F.
I have been a customer for more years than I care to remember I have taken their Kaftans to Turkey, New York, Florida and many many more countries they serve me well and wash and iron like a ribbon. Great company to shop and deal with very quick to respond if you have any questions […]
Great Company – Nothing But Praise
Love this shop always find something different!
Les Duffy
See More Customer Comments
Company Info
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
Customer Info
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Newsletter
Social
Newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter, where you can receive the latest news and special offers directly to your inbox.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Boho Boutique
£10 Kaftans
Plain Kaftans
Patterned Kaftans
Floral Kaftans
Tie Dye Kaftans
Animal Print Kaftans
Short Kaftans
Summer Kaftans
Embroidered
Tops
Kurtas
Dresses
Chiffon Tops
Linen
Jackets & Coats
Ponchos
Pants
Scarfs
Summer
Grandad Shirts
Sale
Everything £5
Adini Clearance
Her Free Spirit
Eastend Shop
Ethnic Warehouse, 3 Victoria Square, Skipton, North Yorkshire, BD23 1JF
01756 229 552 • 07736 298056 • orders@ethnic-warehouse.com
Join Waitlist
We will inform you when the product arrives in stock. Please leave your valid email address below.
Email me when available