https://www.strachan.co.uk/about-us/privacy-policy/
Strachan
Call 01132396233
Search Furniture
Design Request »
Order Brochure »
Free Home Design Visits Are Still Available – please click here to see how we are working
Request Design Consultation
Order New Brochure
Choose Furniture
Bedrooms
Dressing Rooms
Home Cinemas
Home Offices
Libraries
Lounges
Study Bedrooms
Walk In Wardrobes
Wall Beds
Case Studies
Substantial Savings
The Strachan Service
Why Strachan Fitted Furniture?
Design, Planning & Fitting
Funding Your Investment
Testimonials
Contact
Fitted Furniture
Case Studies
Our Service
Strachan
About Us
Get in Touch
Stylish Living
Search Furniture
FILTER BY
Bedrooms
Dressing Rooms
Walk in Wardrobes
Wall Beds
Home Offices
Lounges
Libraries
Study Bedrooms
Other
A SELECTION OF OUR RECENT PROJECTS
Browse our collection of case studies and read how Strachan designers have helped bring style and convenience to our customers' homes.
A unique library design
A Traditional Home Office
An Elegant and Spacious Dressing Room
View all Case Studies
CHOOSE ROOM
Bedrooms
Dressing Rooms
Home Cinemas
Home Offices
Libraries
Lounges
Study Bedrooms
Walk in Wardrobes
Wall Beds
THE WHOLE STORY
INSIDE OUR WARDROBES
Configure your wardrobes with our choice of clever storage solutions
HARDWORKING OFFICES
Find out more about the sophisticated style and versatility of our home office furniture
FINISHING TOUCHES
From handles to bespoke finishes and sliding doors, the little details make a difference
SLIDING WARDROBE DOORS
Add a unique and modern touch to your room with our soft close sliding doors
NEW
Introducing our new range of finishes
CONTACT US
Call us free on 0800 212 637
REQUEST A NEW BROCHURE
Receive a free copy of the new Strachan brochure and browse our extensive collection at your leisure
REQUEST A DESIGN CONSULTATION
Our expert designers will meet you free of charge, in your own home and at a time that suits you
Stylish Living
Browse our online magazine for the latest design inspiration and advice from the Strachan team
Advice
Design
Inspiration
Innovation
THE LATEST FROM OUR BLOG
Fitted furniture ideas to hide your valuables at home
Deliberating Between Freestanding Or Fitted Wardrobes?
Types of Desks for your Home Office
ABOUT US
History and values
Press enquiries
Careers
BRITISH DESIGNED & HANDCRAFTED
We take pride in our British heritage. With four generations and six decades behind us, Strachan are unrivalled in the UK fitted furniture industry.
Find out more about us
THE STRACHAN SERVICE
Design, planning and fitting
Why Strachan?
Funding your investment
Testimonials
Excellent service. I have not seen anyone work like that for a long time
THREE EASY STEPS TO FINE FITTED FURNITURE
1
FIND YOUR DREAM DESIGN
2
BRING YOUR VISION TO LIFE
3
ENJOY YOUR BESPOKE FURNITURE
Book a free design consultation »
Order our latest brochure »
call now 0800 212 637
Free Home Design Visits Are Still Available – please click here to see how we are working
Strachan
About Us
Privacy Policy
Strachan Furniture Makers Privacy Policy
Strachan Furniture Makers Ltd (“Strachan”) is part of the Strachan Group which includes Strachan Holdings Ltd and Convert-a-Room Ltd.
At Strachan respecting your privacy rights and maintaining the security of your data is a priority. We are dedicated to being transparent about the data we collect and how we use it. Strachan are committed to the highest privacy standards. You can rest assured that we handle your personal data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
This policy, which applies whether you visit our showrooms, factory, contact us by phone, email, or online, provides detailed information on:
when and why we collect your personal information,
how we use it,
the very limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others,
how we store your personal data and keep it safe, and
your legal rights relating to your personal data.
1. What is personal data
Personal data means any information from which an individual can be directly or indirectly identified, such as your contact information, your order data or your product data.
2. Principles for collection and processing of personal data
Strachan adhere to the following general principles when processing your personal data:
We will only collect personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes.
We will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes.
We will not use personal data for purposes other than that for which the data was collected, except as stated herein, or with prior consent.
We will not transfer personal data to third parties, except as stated herein, or with prior consent.
We will do our best to ensure that information is up to date and encourage you to verify your personal data periodically.
We will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
Except when stated herein, we will not store personal data longer than is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which the data was collected or for which it is further processed, or as is required by law.
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
3. How we collect and process personal data
When you engage with Strachan via various channels, including our website, visiting a showroom, speaking to sales support and customer services, we collect and process your personal data. The personal data we collect, and process can be categorized as follows:
Your personal details, such as your name, e-mail address, physical address (if provided), phone numbers (including mobile if provided), IP address, in some cases geo location and language.
Information about our products and services you have ordered or enquired about.
Your enquiry and purchase information, such as your personal details as specified above, order information, such as product range name and finish, design and product content, details of appointments and site visits, details of order processing information such as site survey reports, CAD drawings, manufacture and delivery details including your delivery address (if different), your payment information, such as debit card or similar payment information.
Requests for customer support and warranty assistance containing your personal and order details as specified above.
Information provided by telephone or other means maybe monitored, recorded and stored. This may include notes from our conversations with you, such as details of information provided, comments you make, feedback on your experience and details of any complaints.
Information provided when you interact with us on social media.
Your information collected via use of cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers to remember your preferences, to understand how our websites and apps are used and to customize our marketing offerings.
If you visit our showrooms, or factory, our premises have CCTV systems in operation for the security of customers, employees and Strachan. These systems may record your image during your visit.
4. How and why we use your personal data
Strachan want to give you the best possible customer experience. One way for us to achieve this is by creating the best picture we can of who you are by combining the data we have about you. The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customer to provide you with the highest levels of service.
We use the information we collect about you to ensure we provide you with the best and most appropriate products and services and to fulfil our contractual obligations as follows:
to process your brochure and appointment requests,
to process your orders, complete supply chain purchases, ensure manufacture, delivery and fitting of purchased products, handle possible replacement items and returns.
to provide you with customer service, handle your requests or complaints and provide you with product warranty support.
With your consent, we will use your personal data, preferences and details of your purchases to keep you informed by email, post and telephone through our sales support or customer services about relevant products and services including news, events, promotions and similar marketing content.
to develop and improve personnel, processes and systems, as well as the services and products we provide to you.
to comply with our contractual or legal obligations.
5. How we protect your personal data
Strachan know how important data security is to all our customers and we take all organisational, technical, and administrative steps to protect it. We use “https” technology to ensure our website and apps are secure. Strachan are committed to regularly testing our security systems and software to identify possible vulnerabilities and ways in which it can be further strengthened.
6. Where we store and process your data
Your personal data is stored and processed within the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA includes all EU Member countries as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
If we are required to deliver or install products, or to perform services outside the EEA to any third countries, as defined in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Strachan will ensure that the transfer of your personal data to any third countries is done in accordance with valid law and that relevant legal and security safeguards are observed.
7. Who we share your personal data with
We do not share your personal data with any third parties except in the very limited occasions stated in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your personal data to:
Third parties when required by law, court order or a decision made by a competent public authority for the purposes of law enforcement.
Our group companies to ensure consistent level of service across our products and services, to enhance our products, services and your customer experience.
Trusted third parties carrying out services on our behalf such sales, marketing, IT support, advertising, analytics, research, customer service, product service support, shipping and purchase order fulfilment, data storage, validation, security, fraud prevention, payment processing, and legal services. Such third-party vendors have access to perform these services but are prohibited from using your personal data for other purposes.
Third parties to establish, exercise or defend legal rights of Strachan.
We may, from time to time, expand, reduce or sell the Strachan Group and this may involve the transfer of divisions or the whole business to new owners. If this happens, your personal data will, where relevant, be transferred to the new owner or controlling party, under the terms of this Privacy policy.
Other third parties subject to your consent.
When we disclose your personal data to a third party, we take all reasonable steps to ensure that those third parties are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations with respect to the protection of your personal data. The disclosure is conducted in compliance with legal requirements, including entering into data processing agreements with the relevant third parties, to ensure that personal data is only processed in accordance with our instructions, applicable law and regulations and for the purposes specified by us and to ensure adequate security measures.
8. How long we keep your personal data
Strachan will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes for which is was collected. At the end of the retention period, your data will be anonymised, suppressed or securely deleted, unless such data legitimately can be kept and processed for other processing purposes, which we have legal basis for.
9. Cookies
Strachan use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers to remember your preferences, to understand how our websites and apps are used and to customize our marketing offerings.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site, that enables us to: (1) recognize your computer; (2) store your preferences and settings; (3) understand the web pages of Strachan Group you have visited; (4) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness or content and advertising tailored to your interests (5) perform searches and analytics; and (6) assist with security and administrative functions.
Pixels are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email that are designed to: (1) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and e-mail open rates; (2) measure popularity of the advertising; and (3) access user cookies.
As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings on our websites or apps. For more information on the cookies we use and the purpose for which we use them, please refer to our Cookies Policy.
10. Your Rights, updating your data and marketing preferences
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data Strachan hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete. To ensure that your personal data processed by Strachan is up-to-date we request that you inform us of any relevant changes when they occur.
That Strachan stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels). We must comply with your request. In cases where Strachan are processing your personal data based on our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. Strachan will stop using your personal data unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
That Strachan stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent. Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind and at any time to withdraw your consent. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing conducted prior to the withdrawal.
You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time.
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Policy.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act.
Your marketing preferences can be updated on our website marketing preferences page, by contacting us by phone, email or post as indicated below, or by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any electronic marketing communication from us.
If you have any questions about how Strachan uses your personal data that are not answered here, or to update or complain about a privacy breach, please contact our Data Protection Manager:
Phone: 0800 212 637
Email: dataprotection@strachan.co.uk
Write to: Data Protection Manager, Strachan Furniture Makers Ltd, 2 Dolphin Court, Stanningley Road, Bramley, Leeds, LS13 4UN
Strachan will endeavour to resolve it as quickly as possible.
11. Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns (please note we can’t be responsible for the content of external websites).
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Strachan may modify or update this Privacy Policy when necessary to reflect changes in Strachan products and services, changes in applicable legislation, regulations or practice and to address customer feedback. Accordingly, we will review it periodically.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified either by posting a notice or by sending you a notification.
Version 1.01 last modified May 2018
By remaining on this website, you are giving consent to the use of cookies. If you would like more information please
click here.