http://www.ironfinder.com/home/privacy_statement
Sign In
1-949-642-6484  |
CONTACT US
Sign In
Shopping Cart
Order Status
HOME Single Irons
NOTICE: Cookies Not Enabled. Click Here for Details
Choose a Category
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Help Directory
Home
Shipping Information
How To Order
Return Policy
FAQ's
Contact Us
Condition Guidelines
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
About Us
Related Links
Site Map
I got the club. Thanks!! I just hit a shot with it to within a couple of inches so I'm happy with it.
Nick A.Nags Head, NC
Thursday, January 5, 2017
Ironfinder Privacy StatementBack
Ironfinder, Inc. ("Ironfinder.com", "We", "Our" or "Us") is committed to the privacy of your information that is collected at this Website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Website. Please click HERE to print this page for your records.
Our Website uses cookies to keep track of your session navigation. We use cookies to save your shopping cart number, a unique number on our internal system, which identifies your selections to purchase. Our cookie is set to expire your shopping cart 30 minutes after you enter your last item into your shopping cart. We intentionally set a short expiration period, since you, the shopper, are holding stock that may or may not be sold. When the session expires, it removes itself from your machine. This is a function of your web browser and/or your computer operating system not our internal system.
Your IP address and server IP address are stored in our log showing that you visited our Website, what items you were looking at, what selections you made on our Website and the time of day of your visit. This broad information is used to help us better serve our customers by maintaining inventory items that are in the most demand. This information is not disseminated to any outside persons or organizations. It is used internally to help us with our marketing efforts.
Our website's "ask a question" and "make a request" forms will ask you for your email address and phone number, in order for us to communicate our answers back to you. We will save your e-mail address and under no circumstances will your email address be sold, supplied to outside firms or in any way provided to anyone without your expressed approval.
This site contains links to other sites. Ironfinder.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to purchase products and/or services. We collect customer's contact information (example,	your e-mail address) and financial information (example, your account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send the purchased products and/or services. Financial information that is collected is used to authenticate You and facilitate Your payment of purchased products and/or services.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our Website. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Website, cookies received with banner ads are collected by third party companies, and we do not have access to this information. Demographic internet traffic data may be shared with unaffiliated companies.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing in this privacy statement, You acknowledge and agree that should we or should we intend to sell, convey, transfer or otherwise assign this Website or our business or substantially all of our assets, or a portion or substantially all of the issued and outstanding equity in Ironfinder.com are to be sold to another party, we will be permitted by you to provide any and all information collected by us about you to the potential purchaser or purchaser, provided that the purchaser or assignee agrees to continue to abide by this privacy statement.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our e-commerce is secured by Comodo, a cybersecurity company located in New Jersey, USA. You should see the Ironfinder, Inc. and the LOCK symbol on your browser when you enter our website. All pages are secured between our server and your computer. If you do not see the LOCK symbol then do not proceed with any transaction with us and instead contact us as noted below. This assists in providing a secure connection between you and us.
Ironfinder uses a secured encryption architecture to keep sensitive information private. This capability is used on such items as customer numbers, credit card numbers, passwords, etc. This type of information is stored on our physical in-house servers.
Although reasonable security measures may be used with respect to this Website, as with any on-line or electronic communication or interaction, there is an inherent risk involved in transmitting any information via the Internet. No guarantee or warranty is made that this Website or its related system is free from hackers or viruses or that information provided by you will not be stolen or otherwise surreptitiously obtained. You acknowledge and understand that such risk is inherent in interacting with any website, including this Website, and take full responsibility for any harm, danger or damage that ensues due to any such breach in security.
Further Questions...
If you have any questions or comments concerning this privacy statement, the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, you may contact us as noted below:
Ironfinder, Inc.
2131 Placentia Ave.
Costa Mesa, CA 92627
Phone: 1-949-642-6484
Email:
I got the club. Thanks!! I just hit a shot with it to within a couple of inches so I'm happy with it.
Nick A.Nags Head, NC
Thursday, January 5, 2017
WHY SHOP WITH US?
DEDICATED SERVICE
Consult our specialists for help with an order or for selection advice.
Expert Advice >
EASY RETURNS
We stand behind our clubs and want you to be satisfied with them.
Return Policy >
WORLDWIDE SHIPPING
Various shipping options to the US and over 70 countries.
Learn More >
More Info
Quick Links
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Contact Us
About Us
FAQ
Privacy Statement
Terms Of Use
Site Map
Contact Information
Address:2131 Placentia Ave.Costa Mesa, California 92627 USA
Phone:Local / International:1-949-642-6484USA:1-949-642-6484
Email:Buy from us:
Sell to us:
Business Days / Hours:Mon - Fri 9am to 4:30pm Pacific time
Like us
Copyright © 1995-2020 Ironfinder, Inc. All rights reserved.
×
eMail Address:
Password: 6 to 64 characters
Security Question:
Hint:
D
V
A
Enter the characters shown.
Show as B&W
Sign In
Reset Password
Remember me
Cancel
View your hint?
Forgot password?