http://www.pelham-saddlery.com/privacy.html
You are here:   Home » Privacy
Privacy Privacy Policy for Pelham Saddlery in New Hampshire
Your Privacy Rights
We appreciate the trust you place in Pelham Saddlery, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. This privacy policy, effective May 01, 2004, describes the information we collect and how we use it.
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Pelham Saddlery
15 Windham Road
P.O. Box 400
Pelham, New Hampshire 03076
603-635-1263 or 877-773-5426 info@pelhamsaddlery.net
Contents
Information we collect How we use the information we collect Information we share Your Choices Cookies and Pixel Tags How we use E-Mail
Links to other sites Updating or reviewing your information Security Privacy of children on the web site Policy changes Questions or Comments
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information) when you:
Order from our catalogs or online
Purchase from our retail store
Return an item or make an exchange
Inquire about our services
Request a catalog
Receive a gift package
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Subscribe to an e-mail newsletter
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
We may also combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable sources. We maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using "clickstream" data gathered with "cookies," and may also use other online tools such as "pixel tags," as described below.
<back to top>
How We Use Information We Collect At Pelham Saddlery, the information we collect allows us to:
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Send you email promotions or newsletters, if requested
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
<back to top> Information We Share with Others We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, market research, and promotions management. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Pelham Saddlery.
On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
<back to top> Your Choices We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive catalogs or other communications from Pelham Saddlery, please contact us at the address shown below. If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletters or promotions, you also may contact us at the address below or unsubscribe using the link provided in the e-mail.
Pelham Saddlery
15 Windham Road
P.O. Box 400
Pelham, New Hampshire 03076
603-635-1263 or 877-773-5426 info@pelhamsaddlery.net
If you do not want us to provide your name and address to other companies for promotional purposes, please contact us at:
Pelham Saddlery
15 Windham Road
P.O. Box 400
Pelham, New Hampshire 03076
603-635-1263 or 877-773-5426 info@pelhamsaddlery.net
Mailings are planned in advance, so it may take several weeks or more for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive unwanted communications of any kind, please contact us, and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
<back to top>
Cookies and Pixel Tags
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you.
For example, we use cookies to:
Remember what items are in your shopping cart
Recognize you when you return to our Web site
Study how our customers navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site searches
We may also use pixel tags - tiny graphic images - to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. Pixel tags may also enable us to send you e-mail in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an e-mail message from us.
We also may contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf. We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Pelham Saddlery.
<back to top> How We Use E-mail When you provide us your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. We may also periodically send out promotions and newsletters by e-mail. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each e-mail.
<back to top> Links to Other Sites If you click on a link with in the Pelham Saddlery site that takes you to another site, you understand that while on their site they have established their own privacy and security policies.
<back to top>   Updating or Reviewing Your Information To update your customer information (name, address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address above.
<back to top> Security We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data in order to minimize the chance of loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
When you make a purchase, request a catalog, or create an account on our Web site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.
<back to top> Privacy of Children on Our Web Site Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
<back to top> Policy Changes From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
<back to top> Questions or Comments? For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us. We hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third party regarding our privacy practices, you can e-mail the Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at privacypromise@the-dma.org. The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing.
© Pelham Saddlery, Inc., All Rights Reserved
P.O. Box 400 • Pelham, New Hampshire 03076
Not responsible for typographical errors. Prices subject to change without notice.
Sale Room Saddles- All types - New & Used by Brand Saddles- Dressage Saddles- All Purpose Saddles- Jumping Saddles- Other Saddles- Children's Horse Tack & Equipment Riding Apparel & Gear Finding a Saddle Dressage Horse & Rider Hunter Jumper Horse & Rider Custom Shop For Your Horse Stable & Trailer Trail Riding Gift Guide & Toys New Items
idealsaddle Leathers
YouTube FaceBook
Twitter
Pelham Saddlery : The Place for the English Horse & Rider 603-635-1263
Sign In
Cart
(0)
Basket Empty
Proceed To Checkout
Home Saddles Saddle Fitting Consignment Gift Cards New Items
603-635-1263 PO Box 400,53 Windham Rd,Pelham, NH 03076
Policies Shipping Trial Policy Privacy Returns
Consignment Policies
Pelham Saddlery About Us Directions Contact Us Sitemap
Resources Link Directory Vendor Links Order History
Copyright © 2010 Pelham Saddlery. All rights reserved.Site Designed and Developed by Glendale Designs