https://www.lightnleisure.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policylnl2020-10-02T11:07:18-04:00
PRIVACY POLICY
What data we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following categories of information for the purposes explained below.
Advertiser website activity: This is data about your browsing activity on our website. For example, which pages you visited and when, and what items you placed into your online shopping cart.
Device and browser information: This is technical information about the device or browser you use to access our website. For example, your device’s IP address, cookie string data and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Ad data: This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
Data from Advertising Partners: This is data that we receive from other digital advertising companies that we work with (“Advertising Partners”) to help us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertisers or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as your “Customer ID” with an Advertiser or an identifier associated with a hashed (not readable) version of your email address. We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
We use this data to help our Advertisers identify and serve ads to you that are more relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services including enhancing the data points we or our Advertising Partners have about a particular user, browser, or device, or to target, optimize, cap, or synchronize advertising.
Data Sharing
We may disclose information about you:
With an Advertiser whose site you have visited: We may share information about how you have interacted with that Advertiser’s site or its Ads.
With our service providers: We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations. We require that our service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us.
With service providers to our Advertisers: Our Advertisers may contract with companies who handle data (such as Advertisers’ customer lists) for them.
With our subsidiaries and related companies
In connection with legal proceedings: When we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend the legal rights of AdRoll, our Advertisers or any other third party.
In connection with a sale of our business: If a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets, we may disclose your information in connection with the sale.
Cookies and related technologies
The advertiser platform uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide services for us. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. They enable us to identify your device when you move between different websites and applications, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how we use your data:
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve or by clicking here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
We also comply with the Canadian Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC). You may opt out of receiving targeted ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAAC website here.
Please note that when using the ad industry opt-out tools described above:
If you opt-out we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you.
If you use multiple browsers or devices you may need to execute this opt out on each browser or device.
Other ad companies’ opt-outs may function differently than our opt-out.
To opt out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”
Opting out will not prevent you from seeing ads, but those ads will likely be less relevant because they won’t be tailored to your interests. The ads might, for instance, be randomly generated or based on the web page you are visiting.
Some internet browsers allow users to send a “Do Not Track” signal to websites they visit. We do not respond to this signal.
Go to Top