http://www.showdogstore.com/privacy-security/
ShopMenu
Categories
Brands
Show Prep
Show Prep
Shampoos
Conditioners
Chalks and Powders
Colognes & Deodorants
Hair Accessories
Stain Removers
Styling & Finishing
Grooming Tools
Grooming Tools
Bathing Systems
Brushes
Combs
Coat Rakes
Clippers & Accessories
Trimmers
Bottles & Sprayers
Dryers & Accessories
Nail Care
Shears
Stripping Knives
Tables & Accessories
Tack Boxes and Bags
Towels
Show & Training
Show & Training
Show Leads & Collars
Bait & Treats
Treat Bags
Health
Health
Behavioral Aids
First Aid
Dental Care
Ear Care
Eye Care
Flea & Tick
Nail & Paw Care
Senior Dog Care
Supplements
Skin & Coat Treatments
Tear Stain Solutions
At Home
At Home
Cleaning
Gates
Crates & Crate Accessories
Exercise Pens
Beds & Cots
Bowls & Bottles
Leads & Leashes
Toys
On the Road
On the Road
Best in Show Trolleys
Travel Carriers
Ringside Accessories
Auto Accessories
Strollers
Specialty Items
Specialty Items
Bands & Wraps
Puppy Care & Breeding
Snoods
Suits
Navigation
Bathing Systems
Chris Christensen
Geib
Plush Puppy
Pure Paws
Reviews
Expert Advice
Brands
Chris Christensen
Andis
Pure Paws
Fluff and Tuff
Bio-Groom
#1 All Systems
MidWest
Plush Puppy
E-Z Groom
Metro
View all Brands
Bathing Systems
Chris Christensen
Geib
Plush Puppy
Pure Paws
Reviews
Expert Advice
908-235-1352
Home
Privacy & Security
Security
ShowDogStore.com guarantees your security. Every time an order is placed or account information is securely accessed, it is done through a secure server that encrypts all information. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access and use at all times.
The secure server software we utilize is the state-of-the-art in security protocols: Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL is used to encode all information, including credit card numbers, passwords, names, etc. This high-level encryption makes it virtually impossible for anyone to ever see your information.
Trust is vital to e-commerce. To confidently communicate and transact business on the Internet, businesses and individuals must be able to identify who they are dealing with, and assure themselves that information exchanged online is safe from interception and alteration. In order to achieve this level of security, ShowDogStore.com also employs the use of digital certificates. Our Certificate Authority, Big Commerce, helps to establish the trust needed to make e-commerce work—for every transaction, every communication, every time.
To check the security of your connection, look at the bottom of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), SSL is active. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https." (Please note: some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers, so you would be unable to connect to our servers to place an order.)
Privacy Policy
At ShowDogStore.com, we are concerned with protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to provide a personalized shopping experience. We may also use it to tell you about special offers that we think you'd appreciate if you are subscribed to our newsletters. You'll never have to worry about receiving a barrage of unexpected email from us if you have not subscribed with us. We will not sell, rent or trade your information.
We occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the data. They are restricted from using this data for other purposes, and in any way other than to provide the requested services to ShowDogStore.com, and may not alter or resell the data. When registering with ShowDogStore.com, we will ask for some contact information, such as your name and email address. We will use the customer contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and some of our partners. If you do not wish to receive future mailing you may choose to opt out by contacting us atcustomersupport@ShowDogStore.com.
We reserve the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group. For instance, we might report to potential advertisers that a certain percentage of our users are interested in attending dog conformation shows, based on online surveys or other requests.
Cookies Use
You may have read about "cookies,"; nuggets of information that a Web site you visit will store on your own computer. ShowDogStore.com uses cookies so that we can recognize you and serve you better when you shop at our site.
Your cookie contains such information as your billing and shipping addresses and the contents of your shopping cart. It does not include your credit card number.
At ShowDogStore.com, we believe that the use of cookies is essential to a seamless online shopping experience. For that reason, it is impossible to purchase items at ShowDogStore.com without one.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. ShowDogStore.com privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. Make sure you are educated on any site's policies before providing personal information.
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Email Address