https://www.easycareinc.com/content/privacy.asp
Closed for the holidays.EasyCare will be closed from 12/18/2020 – 01/03/2021. Orders can still be placed through our website during the closure, but no orders placed after 12 pm MST 12/17/2020 will ship until the week of 01/04/2021.
Create Account
Sign In
Menu
Home
Menu
Pleasure Riding
Easyboot Trail Original
Easyboot Trail
Easyboot Back Country
Old Mac's G2
Easyboot Epic
Original Easyboot
Easyboot Mini
EasyCare Fit Kit
View All
Performance
Easyboot Fury Heart
Easyboot Fury Sling
Easyboot Fury Glue-On
EasyCare Fury Fit Kit
Easyboot Glove Soft
Easyboot Glove 2016
Easyboot Epic
Easyboot Glue-On
Easyboot LC (Love Child)
Easyboot Flip Flop
EasyCare Fit Kit
View All
Therapy
Easyboot Cloud
Easyboot Stratus
Easyboot Rx
Easyboot Zip
EasyCare Therapy Click System
View All
EasyShoe
EasyShoe Versa
EasyShoe Versa Grip - NEW
EasyShoe Versa Grip with Studs - NEW
EasyShoe Versa Grip Gold - NEW
EasyShoe Versa Grip Light - NEW
EasyShoe Flex Open Heel
EasyShoe Flex Heart Bar
EasyShoe Flex Full Metal Heart Bar
EasyShoe Flex Light
EasyShoe Performance N/G
EasyShoe Performance
EasyShoe Sport
EasyShoe Compete
View All
Certified Used
Other Products
Accessories
Comfort Pads
E-Z Ride Stirrups
E-Z Ride Ultimate Ultra Stirrups
Gluing Products
HiTie Trailer Tie System
Natural Hoof Care
Stowaway Gear
Stowaway Saddle Packs
View All
Customer Service
How Do I Measure
Education Center
Videos
Size Charts
Returns
Shipping
Donation Requests
Competitive Hoof Boot Upgrade Program
Dealer Locator
About EasyCare
Product Catalog
Dealer Services
Domestic
International
Dealer Forms
Dealer Login
Dealer Images
Product Catalog
Create Account
Sign In
Search
ProductsOrdersBackordersShipmentsInvoicesMy AddressesPaymentsPrice ListFavorite Lists
Cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
View & Edit Cart
Home
/
2018 EasyCare Inc. Privacy Policy
EasyCare believes in protecting the privacy of our customers. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from you, why we collect it, how we use it and when we share it. Throughout this policy, the terms "we", "us", "our", and "EasyCare" refer to EasyCare Inc., a U.S. corporation, and our subsidiaries. “You” refers to any person accessing and/or using these Services.
By using our website, products or services (collectively, “Services”), you agree to this policy. You also agree to this policy if you otherwise give us your information. This website is subject to US laws, which may not afford the same level of privacy as those in other countries. If you do not agree, please do not use our Services or give us your information.
Information We Collect
We collect contact information that may include your name, mailing address, telephone or mobile number, or email address.
We collect information when you place an order and when you create a user account (profile), including the password that you select (or one that we set, in the case of a password reset).
If you make online purchases, we collect your debit or credit card information.
We may collect demographic and profile information like your gender, age or zip code if you fill out an online form or survey.
We may collect other information that you post either publicly or on a platform that we provide for sharing among users. We may also collect information that you provide to us through a survey, or otherwise share with us.
We may also use third-party analytics services, including Google Analytics, and these services track details such as your browsing preferences, your computer or device, and your Internet usage. For example, we may collect information about your online behavior. We may also collect the date and time you visited our site. This may include the areas or pages that you visit and the number and duration of visits. It may also include other site usage data and emails that you open, forward, or click-through.  We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us, what links you click on, or what pages you view.
How We Collect Information
Directly from you if you sign up for newsletters or make an online purchase. We also collect information if you take a survey, fill out an online form, enter a promotion, or otherwise engage with us.
From third parties. We may receive information about you from third parties, which may also include information about your device. For example, social media platforms may give us information about you.
We may combine the information you provide to us with information from other sources. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. We may also combine information we get from third parties with information we already have.
How We Use Information We Collect
To process your requests, such as orders, and to provide you with services and other information that may be of interest to you.
To communicate with you about your account or purchases.
To improve our products, Services, and business or address problems with the Services or our business. For example, we may use your information to improve our Services, or products. We may also use your information to analyze our products, Services, or sites or our business practices and methods.
For security purposes. We may use information to protect the security or integrity of the Service, our company, and our consumers.
For marketing purposes. For example, this may include providing you with targeted offers or ads. It may also include providing you with marketing information from us or on behalf of third parties. We may also use your information to tailor ads and messages for you on our sites and other websites and social platforms. Our marketing may include direct mail and email. It may also include text or social media posts.
Who We Share Information With
We will share information with service providers who assist us in our operations. For example, we share information with vendors, such as those that send emails on our behalf or facilitate orders. We may also share information with companies that operate our websites or run promotions.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud, claim or dispute against or for us. This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold or transferred to a third party, we may give our customer information as part of that transaction.
Updating Your Information and Preferences
Opt out of tracking or turn off cookies. You may still see our ads on other websites, including social media platforms. You can visit these third-party sites to explore opt-out options they may provide for targeted advertising.
Opt out of receiving our marketing email messages by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email message. You may also contact our Product Specialist Team. If you opt out of marketing emails, you will still get transactional messages about your account or purchases, and responses to information you’ve requested.
Edit your profile information by logging into your account. You may also contact our Product Specialist Team to update, correct or delete information we have about you.
How We Protect Your Information
We use standard security measures. However, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot promise that your use of our Services will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
Information is Transferred to the United States
Our website and offices are located and operated in the United States. The privacy and data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of other countries. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that the information that we collect from you will be transferred to and processed, stored and used in the United States.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly seek or collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent. EasyCare encourages parents and guardians to monitor and participate in their children's online activities. If you think your child has given us information, please notify us at admin@easycareinc.com and we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Linked Sites
Please be advised that our privacy policy does not apply to other third-party websites. Their content and policies are not under our control. We encourage you to be aware of their policies.
Contact Us
EasyCare Inc. Attn: Privacy Questions89 Trimble Crossing Dr., Suite EDurango, CO 81301 admin@easycareinc.com
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version on our website. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when the updated policy is posted. Your use of the website after the effective date listed constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy.
Effective: June 1, 2018
Last Revision: November 1, 2018
EasyCare Inc.
Durango, CO 81301
800.447.8836
Customer Service
EasyCare Product Brochure
Education Center
How Do I Measure?
Size Charts
Shipping Information
Dealer Locator
Dealer Services
Domestic Dealer Info
International Dealer Info
Dealer Forms
Dealer Images
Stay In Touch
Contact Us
About EasyCare
Newsletter Signup
EasyCare Blog
© 2020 EasyCare Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Ecommerce & ERP Integration by Website Pipeline
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more.
Understood!