http://www.popcornpapa.com/privacy-policy
About UsPrivacy PolicyContact UsStart Your Own Popcorn Business
Holiday Baskets
Holiday Gifts
Holiday Boxes
Holiday Tins
Holiday Popcorn Tins 2 Gal
Holiday Popcorn Tins 3.5 Gal
Holiday Popcorn Tins 6.5 Gal
KETTLE & CARAMEL
REG & CHEESE
Colored
Popcorn
Chocolate Popcorn
Shopping Cart
Cart empty
Gift Baskets
Thank You
FUNDRAISING
Gift Boxes
Weddings/Baby
Get Well
Seeds
Popcorn Seeds
Teacher Appreciation
Birthday
Seasonings
Giant Candy Gifts
Bean Boozled
Popcorn Tins
Holiday Baskets
Holiday Gifts
Holiday Boxes
Holiday Tins
Holiday Popcorn Tins 2 Gal
Holiday Popcorn Tins 3.5 Gal
Holiday Popcorn Tins 6.5 Gal
KETTLE & CARAMEL
REG & CHEESE
Colored
Popcorn
Chocolate Popcorn
Privacy Policy
Popcorn Papa knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Popcorn papa, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Popcorn papa Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Popcorn papa. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does Popcorn papa Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account, contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely necessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the side menu.
Which Information Can I Access?
Popcorn papa gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Popcorn papa, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our policies and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide us with information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Popcorn papa. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and credit card information.
Automatic Information
For security purposes Popcorn papa sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or you can email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
About UsPrivacy PolicyContact UsStart Your Own Popcorn Business
Copyright © 2020 Popcorn Papa. All Rights Reserved.