https://www.rotdoctor.com/terms.html
Terms and Conditions for The Rot Doctor, Inc.
Home >
Terms and Conditions for The Rot Doctor, Inc.
Return to Top
Use of our products and services constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions as well as our Privacy Policy.
Contact us
The Rot Doctor, Inc.
PO Box 30612
Seattle, WA 98133-8820
Phone: 206-364-2155
Fax: 206-364-4744
Email: drrot@rotdoctor.com
Website: www.rotdoctor.com
Hours of Operation
Technical support: 7 days a week by phone or email
Monday – Friday 6:30 AM – 5:30 PM PT, Saturday, Sunday and Holidays 8:30 AM – 5:30PM PT
Order by phone hours: Monday – Friday 6:30 AM – 5:30 PM PT
Store hours: Monday – Friday 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM PT Seattle, WA — Call for address
Shipping Holidays
We answer the phones and emails 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM PT but pickup of shipments will be delayed until the next business day for the following days.
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Days (Thursday and Friday)
Christmas Eve to New Year’s Day
(Dec 24th – Jan 1st)
Terms
By using the information provided on our website (www.rotdoctor.com) or recommendations given over the phone (206-364-2155) you are indicating that you have read and understood these Terms and Conditions including our Privacy Policy. Please contact us if you have any questions or you would like more information.
For over twenty years, we have helped customers fix or prevent their wood rot issues. While we sell a variety of products, wood rot repair is primarily done with three products: Clear Penetrating Epoxy Resin, Epoxy Resin and Epoxy Fillers. We are happy to offer products that, used correctly, will perform exceptionally well in the rot repair market. We stand ready to help customers with their repair needs. We have the products, and equally important, the experience* to help you make a strong, permanent repair. *We are not engineers or inspectors — if your repair is of a structural nature you should consult a structural engineer — if your repair will need to pass inspection you should consult the inspector to verify that your repairs will pass.
We do our best to check our website for accuracy of all information provided.
We will correct any typographical errors or prices when such errors are found.
All information on our website is under our copy-write, use of this information is for personal use/information purposes only. Customer projects are the property of the customer they are used on our website with their permission.
Privacy Policy
Please see our Privacy Policy page for our Privacy Policies.
Payment Options
Credit/Debit Cards - VISA, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover.
PayPal - We must email you invoice to be paid, please contact us or place your order online (choose pay by Check/Money Order with a note that you want to pay by PayPal)
Wire Transfers - All transfer fees must be paid by the sender.
Checks and Money Orders - After getting the exact shipping charges from us, please mail your check or money order to us with your full name and order number.
We reserve the right to hold shipment until the payment clears. Mail to: The Rot Doctor, Inc., PO Box 30612, Seattle, WA 98113-8820.
Purchase Orders - are not accepted, sorry.
C.O.D.'s - are not accepted, sorry.
Sales/Use Tax
We only collect and pay sales and/or use tax in Washington and South Carolina… all other US states may require you to report and pay your states sales and/or use tax on this purchase. Any purchase that puts The Rot Doctor, Inc. over a particular states threshold may change this at any time and we reserve the right to collect sales tax on your purchase if necessary.
Sales to Canada are charged the GST, PST, or HST applicable to your location and paid to the Canadian Government by UPS Canada.
Shipping to the USA and Canada
All product ship within 2 business days from both coasts! Shipping rates vary depending on the type of products ordered and the destination. We do not add any hazardous or handling charges to our orders. Shipping costs are not included in the cost of the product. See our Shipping Options page for more on restrictions, costs and time estimates.
We can reach most of the Continental US in 1–4 business days by UPS Ground, since we ship from both coasts. Shipments to Canada only ship from Seattle, WA and take 1–8 business days. Shipments of any of our hazardous materials to Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico can not be shipped by UPS Ground - they must be shipped by Air or Barge only, sorry.
Shipments to Canada, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico and to any location by UPS AIR (Next Day, 2 Day Air, or 3 Day Select) will require approval of the final costs BEFORE we will ship your order.
If you are in the Continental US and we can reach you by UPS Ground in the time requested, we will change your shipping method to UPS Ground and NOT hold your order for approval.
When shipping hazardous products: All Wood Epoxy Glue New & Improved, Clear Penetrating Epoxy Sealer (CPES), Elasta-Tuff 6000-AL-HS, Elastuff 120, Epoxy Cleanup Solvent, Fill-it Epoxy Filler, G-2 Epoxy Adhesive, General Purpose Epoxy Resin, Layup and Laminating Epoxy Resin, S-1 Clear Penetrating Epoxy Sealer, SculpWood Epoxy Paste, SculpWood Moldable Epoxy Putty and T-88 Structural Epoxy Adhesive by air or barge, extra fees will be charged as part of the carriers shipping cost (Dangerous Goods/Hazmat Fee).
UPS Ground shipping estimates given are MAXIMUM amount to be charged… exact shipping costs will be calculated BEFORE your credit card will be charged. We know that our shipping estimates are sometimes high, we are working on a more accurate way of calculating them as quickly as we can.
Orders placed online, with a shipping method of UPS Ground to the Continental US will ship without approval of the final shipping costs. The shipping cost quoted online will be the maximum amount charged. If you want to know the exact charges for an order please contact us by phone or email.
Since we ship with UPS, we CAN NOT ship to PO Boxes, sorry.
Our online system will allow a PO Box in the shipping address but orders will be held until we can contact you to get a physical address.
NEW!! Shipments of some of our hazardous products to: Catalina Island, CA; Beaver Island, MI; Mackinac Island, MI (winter only); The Bass Islands, OH; Kelley’s Island, OH; and San Juan Islands, WA — are no longer permitted by UPS Ground. Please contact us for more information and/or other options.
S-1 Clear Penetrating Epoxy Sealer, can not be shipped to any location inside of the South Coast Air Quality Management District (SCAQMD) in California.
Elasta-Tuff 6000-AL-HS can not be shipped by air.
International Orders (excluding Canada)
There is a $800.00 USD product minimum on all orders outside of the USA and Canada. Shipping costs are not included. Elasta-Tuff 6000-AL-HS can not be shipped by air.
For more information see our Shipping Options page.
Discrepancies, Defective and Lost Merchandise
You must notify The Rot Doctor of any discrepancies, shortages or damaged shipments within 10 days of receipt of the order by phone or email. We recommend that you inspect your merchandise thoroughly upon receipt and verify that your order is correct.
We will correct any incorrect shipments upon verification of the error. Any damaged shipments will require a damage claim with the carrier.
Any product that is found to be defective as determined and verified by the manufacture will be replaced with the same item (brand, size and color) at no cost to you (the customer).
On rare occasions, merchandise is lost in transit. Should this occur it will be replaced or credited only after the shipment has been traced and upon notification by the carrier of non-delivery.
Any replacement products will be shipped by standard ground, regardless of the original shipping method.
At the customers expense, replacements can be expedited.
Return & Exchange Policy
With the exception of special orders, which are not returnable, all new returns (unopened, undamaged) and refused deliveries are accepted within 1 year of purchase. Shipping charges are non-refundable. All new returns are subject to a 10% restocking fee.
The restocking fee may by waived with an exchange, once the return is received a credit and bill for the replacement product will be invoiced (credited or billed) and shipped. Exchanges are not eligible for free shipping.
Some of our products are considered hazardous materials and special handling is required for the return of these items: All Wood Epoxy Glue New & Improved, Clear Penetrating Epoxy Sealer (CPES), Elasta-Tuff 6000-AL-HS, Elastuff 120, Epoxy Cleanup Solvent, Fill-it Epoxy Filler, G-2 Epoxy Adhesive, General Purpose Epoxy Resin, Layup and Laminating Epoxy Resin, S-1 Clear Penetrating Epoxy Sealer, SculpWood Epoxy Paste, SculpWood Moldable Epoxy Putty and T-88 Structural Epoxy Adhesive.
For returns on ANY of our products please contact us for instructions before shipping.
Price Matching
When you present an order for price matching you must include the shipping and handling fees, taxes, etc (total cost).
Items purchased under price matching are final sales only! We will need the competitor’s price along with the URL for the product so that we may compare information. Price matching is not valid for competitor’s out of stock items, nor is it valid on past orders, it is good for new orders only.
UPS and the UPS brandmark are trademarks that are used with permission by the owner, United Parcel Service of America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Updated April 2020