https://www.musicmart.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following urlhttp://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, MusicMart.co.uk has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting Musicmart.co.uk, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of MusicMart.co.uk then please contact us.
Search MusicMart
Like On Facebook!
Random AdsFs: Gibson SG Standard Bohemian Guitar Limited Edition Gibson SG Standard Bohemian Guitar Limited Edition SG Standard Bohemian | For the Discriminating SG Enthusiast The SG Standard Bohemian…[Read more]
Recent Posts
Seymour Duncan Releases The Apollo Jazz Bass Linear Humbucker For 4 And 5-String
Sell Your CDs, Books & DVDs For Free!
Advertise Your Music Related Business Free
Add Your Band or Act!
We Tweet Your Ads
Catagories
Music Mart News
Find Us On Facebook!PagesMusic Mart Free Classified Ads For Musicians
About Music Mart
Privacy Policy
Terms
Contact Us
Random AdsPower audio link out cable for active speakers This power XLR cable lets you easily link two or more active speakers and subwoofers. Price 25£, length 2m, brand…[Read more]Ads MenuPlace Ad
Edit Ad
Search Ads
Browse Ads
Scroll to top