http://www.epwbooks.com/help.php
Fair - All
pages should be present, but book will show considerable wear
and use.
Reader Copy/Poor
- all pages are present, although not necessarily attached,
and as such still has value to a reader, but may otherwise be
very heavily worn, and may have structural flaws, loose hinges
or pages, or other problems.
Most of our listings
contain a binding first, such as Hardcover, Softcover, or Paperback,
followed by the general grade, and, if a dust jacket is present,
the grade for the dust jacket, as "Hardcover, Very Good,
Dust Jacket Very Good," or sometimes "Hardcover, VG/VG."
For hardcover books,
we use Boards to denote the outer cover of the book. For
softcover and paperback books, we use Wraps to denote the
outer cover.
We use "xlib
with usual xlib distinctions" to denote a book that has
been retired from a library collection, and has common library
markings, including stamps, pockets, bar codes, and the like.
Many are marked with a "withdrawn" or "discarded"
stamp.
We use "BCE"
to note a Book Club Edition, and have tried to note other edition
and print state information where possible.
The Front Fly
and Back Fly are blank pages, usually of a different color,
at the very front or back of a book. Many libraries remove one
or both of these blank pages when removing a book from inventory.
If you would like further
explanation of a book's description, just let us know by email,
or call us toll free at 1-866-384-0612.
Scans
We don't currently
offer scans of our titles, but we do hope to add that service
in the near future. In the meantime, we do guarantee your satisfaction
with your purchase.
Hours
We're generally available
by phone between 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday,
although you're welcome to try us at your convenience.
We currently only offer
Mail Order service, and as such are not open to the public.
Pricing
Our prices are firm.
We pay retail when buying from other dealers, and we ask that
other dealers do the same for us.
All information copyright 2002-Present by:
E. P. Waggener & Sons, Booksellers and epwbooks.com.
Send mail to: 3041 Edmonton Rd., Columbia, KY 42728 USA
Call Toll Free: 1-866-384-0612 Outside USA: 270-384-0612
Please send questions or comments about this site to pen@epwbooks.com.
Privacy Policy: Any information you choose to share will be kept in strictest confidence, and will not be shared with any other party, for any reason, ever.