https://www.brownetrading.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
(800) 944-7848
Home
Caviar Club
Meal Kits
Buy Caviar Online
Shop All Caviar
Imported Caviar
American Caviars and Roes
Beluga
Osetra Sturgeon
Siberian Sturgeon
White Sturgeon
Hybrid Sturgeon
Caviar Spoons & Plates
Blinis & Creme Fraiche
Caviar Gift Sets
Serviceware & Accompaniments
Smoked Seafood
Shop Smoked Seafood
Fresh & Specialty Seafood
Frozen Seafood
Buy Fresh Fish Online
Buy Fresh Shellfish Online
Specialty Seafood
Lobster & Crab
Tuna & Swordfish
Salmon & Trout
Shrimp, Prawns & Scallops
Flatfish (Dover Sole, Hali, Turbot)
Oysters, Clams, Mussels
Wholesale
Contact
FAQ
About
Shipping FAQ
Fish Definitions & Recipes
How to Buy Caviar
Caviar Care & Service
Portland Market
Login
Cart (0)
- $0.00
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BROWNE TRADING COMPANY respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it. BROWNE TRADING COMPANY provides this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. We make this notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every WWW.BROWNETRADING.COM web page. What we collect:
If you inquire through our contact form or site analysis form, any information you submit will be used to answer your inquiry ONLY.
We do track IP’s and user sessions for security purposes only.
Third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. Information collected may include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and website activity. You may opt-out by emailing sales@brownetrading.com.  If you have any questions about the details of our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. We also use Pixel Tags to collect additional information regarding your browsing experience. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and to provide you with a more relevant and timely brand and shopping experience. This information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at sales@brownetrading.com
How we use this information:
All information you submit to us, will be used internally at BROWNE TRADING COMPANY to help answer your inquiry or meet your needs.
In the case of client information, we use the contact information of existing clients to inform them of changes and offers at BROWNE TRADING COMPANY through direct e-mail.
What we do not do:
We cannot control the practices of sites linked to and from WWW.BROWNETRADING.COM.
Exceptional caviar
& seafood
Imported from & shipped to all corners of the world
Shop Online
For Next Day Delivery