https://www.europeanmint.com/terms/#shipping
Home
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Coin News
Log In
Currency:EUR
British Pound Sterling - GBPEuro - EURUS Dollar - USD
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Product Sitemap
Category Sitemap
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Open Account
Log In
Select currency: €
British Pound Sterling - GBP
Euro - EUR
US Dollar - USD
European Mint
Cart:
0 item(s) - €0.00
You have no items in your shopping cart.
0
Search:
International: (+44) 20 3287 2999 Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 3:00 PM (GMT)
SilverGoldPlatinumCollectiblesSupplies
Categories
SilverGoldPlatinumCollectiblesSupplies
Experts in gold and silver bullion, commemorative coins and collectibles.
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Shipping & Delivery
For all customers inside European Union, all our products are delivered in Estonia. This means that you have to book shipping separately. Mail order businesses are subject to Article 34 of the EC-guideline 2006/112/EC and the therein established quotas which limit the international sales of VAT-liable goods. This guideline is, however, only applicable when we ship the goods to our clients. The quotas do therefore not apply when the goods are being collected personally or when the buyer instructs a courier service to collect and ship the products on the customer's behalf.
Products ordered from European Mint website can be delivered Tax Free to your European Union address when you book shipping directly with Capital Logistics. We have simplified the shipping process so that it is easy and straightforward. All shipments with Capital Logistics include tracking and insurance, when choosing that option you are unconditionally accepting their Terms and Conditions. The delivery time from receipt of cleared funds until delivery at your door is normally 3 to 15 business days. Please note, that all the products are delivered in Estonia, our responsibility ends when products are picked up by customer or the courier of your choice.
We offer 6-month free storage, so you can add orders to storage and ship later those orders together and save on delivery costs. When you are ready to ship your storaged orders, please write us an email and we will combine all your orders for one shipping.
Capital Logistics Shipping Rates
Weight
EU and EFTA
Rest of the World
under 500g
€25
€35
500g - 1kg
€35
€45
1kg - 2kg
€45
€60
2kg - 5kg
€55
€75
5kg - 10kg
€75
€125
10kg - 20kg
€125
€175
20kg - 50kg
€175
€250
50kg - 100kg
€250
€325
100kg - 150kg
€325
€400
150kg - 200kg
€400
€500
200kg - 300kg
€500
€700
300kg+
Please consult us
Please consult us
20% VAT rate will be added to shipping cost for private customers.
EU member states: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and United Kingdom.
EFTA member states: Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland
Privacy & Security
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Returns & Replacements
You may return most new, un-damaged non-Bullion/Coin items within 14 days of delivery for a full refund. We are not responsible for return shipping costs. All items must be returned with original packaging in which it was received by you, including certificates, coin cases, etc. We hold the right to refuse any returns or refunds if deemed suspicious or fraudulent by the company. You should expect to receive your refund or replacement within 15 business days after we sucessfully receive the goods back. Please contact us by email for return address.
All Bullion/Coin sales are final. Wet will not accept returns for Bullion/Coin sales, the right to cancel under the Distance Selling regulations does NOT apply on the bullion/coin products we supply, as those products are dependent on fluctuations in the financial market and are therefore exempt from the right to cancel.
Bullion/Coin canceled orders are subject to a 5% fee plus applicable market loss. The customer is not entitled to any market gain in relation to a cancelled order.
Bullion and coin sales are final
Receive your refund or replacement within 15 business days
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
Ordering
Buying coins directly from the European Mint website can save collectors a lot of money versus buying them from coin dealers. The easiest way to buy from us is via our web site, at the moment we are not accepting orders trough the phone/email, please place the orders directly on the website.
Through our global supplier network, we are constantly seeking to expand our product line. If you’re looking for a particular product that’s not listed on our website, let us know and we’ll make every effort to provide it to you. Drop us a line, and tell us what you’re after! Unfortunately we can’t offer guarantees for special requests.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel an order for any reason or for no reason at all, regardless of payment method or price confirmation, including without limitation, for orders we deem questionable or suspicious, for orders we deem to be a significant risk, when the confirmed price is incorrect, for abrupt movements in the precious metals market, and/or when we do not receive payment within the allotted timeframe.
We are not responsible for pricing or typographical errors and expressly reserve the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any and all orders placed with respect to such items. In the event of a cancelled order we will contact you directly with notification of the cancellation.
Payment & Pricing
At the European Mint website we don't have a minimum order value, but you must ensure that we receive your payment within 3 business days to guarantee your price. Payments are accepted by Bank Transfer for any value and PayPal for up to 2,500 Euros. When using PayPal there is a handling fee of 3.95%. Payments with Credit or Debit Cards can be processed only trought PayPal. Please notice, when using PayPal make sure your shipping address and account is PayPal verified, we reserve the right to refuse any payment that do not meet this requirement.
We are currently accepting payments in GBP, EUR, and USD on our bank account and PayPal.
All prices already include tax, if applicable. All Bullion prices are attached to market prices and are updated every minute.
For payment in Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Ethereum (ETH), 4 USD-pegged stablecoins (GUSD, USDC, PAX, and BUSD), and Ripple (XRP), please request by email to sales@europeanmint.com after placing your order, and a BitPay invoice will be sent to you shortly.
When using Capital Logistics as your shipping carrier the delivery costs must be paid separately and directly to Capital Logistics.
All payment information, like bank details, will be send to you by email, together with the order confirmation email.
When you make an international wire transfer you can choose who pays the transfer charges. BEN, SHA, OUR are codes in a SWIFT instruction, at field 71A "Details of Charges". The OUR instruction means you pay all transfer charges. We receive all your payment. SHA (shared) means you only pay your bank's outgoing transfer charge. We receive your payment minus the correspondent (intermediary) bank charges. BEN (beneficiary) means you do not pay any charge. We receive your payment minus all transfer charges. We require all international transfers to us to be made with the OUR instruction. This instruction does not apply for SEPA countries (like the EU and EFTA countries), if you are located in one of those countries, which are most of the European countries, than you can use SHA without a problem.
For promotions and discounts please signup our newsletter.
Tracking Orders
Altought we allow guest orders on our website, we do recommend all customers to register on our website first, so in the future you can consult all your orders.
After placing and order and proceed with payment for the product to our company, then proceed also with payment for the shipping cost directly to Capital Logistics if applicable, then a tracking numbe for your package will be issued as soon as your order is shipped. Capital Logistics will use UPS, FEDEX and OMNIVA (formerly Estonian Post) to ship all your orders. To track your order, you will have to consult the website of the carrier used and insert your tracking number for consult the status of the package.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
-0.02€19.83SILVER
-0.58€1511.77GOLD
-0.73€853.31PLATINUM
+2.52€1967.99PALLADIUM
Information
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Coin News
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
Buying from us
Collectible Coins
Payments
Shipping
Returns
Secure Shopping
FAQ
My account
Sign In
View Cart
My Wishlist
Help
Contacts
International: (+44) 20 3287 2999Monday-Friday 8:00AM - 3:00PM (GMT)
Newsletter
Follow us
© 2014- All Rights Reserved.
Experts in gold and silver bullion coins and collectibles.
€
Get €5 voucher!
be the first to get offers from our coin shop
Subscribe