https://www.180medical.com/privacy-policy-2/
180 Medical Website Privacy Policy
180 Medical (180 Medical, we, our, and/or us) values the privacy of individuals who use our website, 180medical.com (our Site). This privacy policy (the Privacy Policy) explains how we collect, use, and share information from or about users of the Site (Users) or their devices to access the Site. By using our Site, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Site is also subject to our Terms of Use.
If you are a referring clinician, patient, or otherwise would like information on our collection, use, and sharing of medical information, please visit our HIPAA Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
If you do not provide your information when requested, you may not be able to use our Site if that information is necessary to provide you with our Site or if we are legally required to collect it.
A. Information You Provide to Us
Registration and Profile Information. If you register, sign up for resources or samples, or participate in surveys, we may ask you for your name, phone number, email address, your interests, and any other information we collect. If you are a clinician, you can create an account to use the E-Script Portal. If you can create an account, we may ask you for your name, email address, practice name, address, phone number, fax number, field consultant, and password.
Payment Information. When you add a credit card or submit bank account information via our e-billing portal, a third-party service provider that handles billing and payments for us will receive your payment card information.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact us with questions about products, insurance coverage, or our services, we will receive your name, phone number, email address, whether you are a current customer, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and any other information that you choose to provide. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Site. If you communicate with us by telephone, we may monitor or record the call or quality and training purposes.
Careers. When you make inquires concerning career opportunities, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as the highest level of education, employment experience, and information about the type of job you are seeking. You may also apply through LinkedIn. If you do so, we will collect the information you make available to us on LinkedIn.
Scholarships. If you choose to apply to our scholarship program, we ask you for your name, gender, address, date of birth, telephone number, email address, citizenship status, diagnosis information, education information, including high school, SAT or ACT score, GPA, class year, estimated graduation date, college student ID, college acceptance letter, transcript, extracurricular activities, and awards or honors, and any other information we collect. We will collect the information you choose to provide in your application essay or video, such as images of you, recordings of your voice, how your medical condition has affected your life, and your goals for the future.
B. Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
Device Information.We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Site, including internet protocol (IP) address, web browser type, operating system version, and mobile advertising identifiers.
Usage Information. To help us understand how you use our Site and to help us improve it, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Site when you use it, such as the pages or other content you view as well as the dates, times, and duration of your visits.
Location Information. When you use our Site, we infer the general physical location of your device and the geographic regions our Users come from. For example, your IP address may indicate your general geographic region.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies. We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Site. Please review your web browsers Help file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Site, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Site to their fullest potential.
C. Information We Receive from Third Parties
Third-Party Platforms. If you choose to submit comments, photos, or content to our pages on third-party platforms, such as Trustpilot, Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn, you may choose to include personal information. In such a case, we may receive information about you, including your profile photo, name, and other information you choose to provide. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
Other Third Parties. We may receive additional information about you such as demographic and census information from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect:
To provide, maintain, improve the convenience and functionality, and otherwise enhance our Site;
To determine the proper delivery and billing of orders;
To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information about products and service offerings from us and our vendors and service providers that you have requested or authorized, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
For marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional offers and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you;
To send you text messages;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To de-identify and aggregate information collected through the Site and use it for any lawful purpose;
To find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our legal rights or Terms of Use, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
How We Share the Information We Collect
We may share or otherwise disclose information we collect from or about you as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.
Partners and Affiliates. We may share any information we receive with our partners, subsidiaries, and affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with contractors, vendors, service providers, and other third parties retained in connection with the provision of our Site.
Marketing. We do not rent, sell, or share information about you with unaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes unless we have your permission.
Analytics Partners. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Googles practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose information about you if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. We may disclose and transfer information about you to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
At Your Direction. We may disclose information about you to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
Consent. We may also disclose information from or about you or your devices with your permission.
Your Choices
Marketing Communications. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Do Not Track. There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
If you choose not to provide us with the information we collect, some features of our Site may not work as intended.
Third Parties
Our site may contain links to other websites, products, or services, including the e-billing portal, that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. If you have any questions about how these other sites use information from or about you, you should contact them directly. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect information from or about you by using technical and organizational safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as our Site is hosted electronically, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
Childrens Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Site is directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, please alert us at 1-877-688-2729 or log on to www.180medical.com/contact-us.
International Visitors
Our Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use our Site from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring information from or about you or your devices outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with the storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Site. By providing any information, including information from or about you or your devices, on or to the Site, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Update Information
You can update your account and profile information through your profile settings or by contacting us at www.180medical.com/contact-us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective as of the last updated date below. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share information from or about you or your devices previously collected from you through the Site, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes by sending a notice to the primary email address provided to us and/or by placing a notice on our Site.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please call us at 1-877-688-2729 or log on to www.180medical.com/contact-us.
Last Updated: 07/01/2020
Call Toll-Free
(877) 688-2729
Catheters Supplies
Ostomy Supplies
Incontinence Supplies
Thank you for the absolutely wonderful support and service you have provided me as a new customer. I was a bit nervous and apprehensive about my medical condition and how to adopt and embrace the new treatment it required. You were the most thoughtful, articulate and professional in guiding me through the application and answering all my questions. I believe it was the best, most positive customer experience that I have had with a customer support call center. Thanks again.
James P.

>