http://www.purdys.com/privacy-policy
SUPPORTShipping & Gift GuaranteeOrder LookupGift Card BalanceChocolate OffersFAQsTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyContact UsPurdys' SustainableCocoa ProgramSustainable FarmsSustainable LivingClean Water ProjectOur StoriesAbout UsPurdys HeritageSUPPORTShipping & Gift GuaranteeOrder LookupGift Card BalanceChocolate OffersFAQsTerms Of UsePrivay PolicyContact UsPurdys' Website Privacy PolicyThis statement discloses the privacy practices and policies for Purdys Chocolatier’s website.Purdys Chocolatier respects your personal privacy. We believe ensuring the security of your personal information is an important part of our job, and we strive to protect any personal information you may provide to us.For information on website terms and conditions please also see our Terms of Use.Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Purdys Chocolatier. The personal information we collect may include information such as your name, username, password, billing address, shipping address, telephone numbers, email address, and credit and debit card information. In some cases, such as when you ask us to ship an order or you purchase a gift or gift card, we may collect information about someone other than you, such as the name, address, telephone number and email address of the recipient. Aggregate Site Use InformationWe record information about the pages viewed by all of our website visitors. This data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, connection speed, read time, display time, and number of clicks.We use this data, in aggregate form, to compile statistics and reports for Purdys Chocolatier’s use, and to improve the online experience for all visitors.We may, on occasion, provide portions of this aggregate information to vendors, consultants, potential advertisers, or news agencies. Typical uses of the data in this fashion would be to gauge the amount of interest in our site and/or to plan for site infrastructure improvements.Cookies and Other TechnologiesA cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s hard drive. Cookies are required to shop on our site. We also use cookies to assist with anonymous site traffic analysis, which includes tracking the time/date of visits, pages viewed, and referring URLs. We may use cookies to serve our remarketing campaigns so that third-party vendors, including Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites across the Internet. You can opt out of the third parties’ use of cookies by visiting their advertising preferences settings.We may also use pixel tags to compile tracking information reports regarding website user demographics, website traffic patterns, and website purchases. None of the tracking information in these reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of individual users. For our own research purposes we may link tracking information with personal information voluntarily provided by website users. Once such a link is made, all of the linked information is treated as personal information and will be used and disclosed only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Social NetworkingWhen posting information to other social networking sites (e.g. posting a link to Purdys Chocolatier’s Facebook or Twitter pages, or “liking” a product on your Facebook account, or “pinning” a product on your Pinterest account), the personal information that you post or share in connection with these third-party sites is visible to other persons and can be read, collected, used and disclosed by other persons. Any information provided to such third-party social networking sites and other sites is outside of Purdys Chocolatier’s control and is not governed by this policy.Third Party Analytics or Ad Serving ServicesPurdys Chocolatier may use certain third-party analytics and/or ad serving services. The providers of these services may independently collect, use, and disclose your IP address together with information about your visits to this and other websites that they service in accordance with their own privacy policies (and not this privacy policy). These services may use their own cookies and other data collection technologies. They may use this information in order to improve your experience, to gain a view of how people are using websites that they service so that improvements can be made, and as otherwise permitted in their privacy policies.Purdys Chocolatier may also use targeted advertising service providers to tailor Purdys Chocolatier advertisements to your preferences. These advertisements may appear on Purdys Chocolatier’s website or social media sites, or on third party sites. If you have opted in to receive email, Purdys Chocolatier may use your email address to target advertising to you. You may unsubscribe from Purdys Chocolatier email by using the unsubscribe link in any email.Online Order Information and SecurityIf you place an order online, we only require the information needed to complete the processing of your orders and billing. We also share our users’ personal information with outside shipping companies and credit card processing companies in order to bill and ship your order, but we do not provide any more information than necessary for these purposes. We may also use the information to contact you regarding your order.Our Site SecurityWe use appropriate security safeguards to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access. Any personal information you provide to Purdys Chocolatier in connection with a product order is exchanged on a secure server. We use one of today’s most advanced security systems, the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, to encrypt, or encode, information you send to us in the order process. The encryption process protects information, such as your credit card number, and billing and shipping information by scrambling it before it is sent from your computer. Only once we receive your information is it decoded, and we make all reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our own systems.Warning: Email is not a secure means to send personal information, as it is not encrypted. We strongly encourage you to use our secure ordering process when ordering online.Email SubscriptionPurdys Chocolatier email is sent only to users who opt in. Our subscriber database is never sold, rented or loaned to any other parties. Those wishing to opt out of receiving Purdys emails can do so by using the unsubscribe link in any email.We collect aggregate information regarding open rates, page views, and generated sales from our HTML email newsletters. Aggregate information does not personally identify individuals. Subscribers concerned about collection of aggregate information may unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe link in any email.Fraud PreventionPurdys Chocolatier reserves the right to co-operate with local, national, or international law enforcement or other authorities in the investigation of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. If such an investigation requires disclosure of personal information kept in our records, we may be required by law to cooperate. We also reserve the right to report improper or unlawful user activities on our site, which may require the disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities. There may also be other circumstances under which Purdys Chocolatier is required by law to disclose personal information.Other PurposesIn addition to the above purposes, Purdys Chocolatier may collect personal information when you:create an account on our website;contact us, make an inquiry about any of our products or services or otherwise request information or assistance from us;communicate with our customer service representatives;provide feedback or make other submissions to Purdys Chocolatier;participate in a contest, sweepstake or other promotions;participate in or respond to consumer survey or requests for consumer opinions, concerns or preferences regarding our products and services;apply for employment with Purdys Chocolatier; oruse other features of the website that may be offered from time to time and may require such information in order to use the feature (including but not limited to submitting user-generated content as described in the Terms of Use).Retention of Personal InformationPurdys Chocolatier will retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the identified purposes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Purdys Chocolatier will take reasonable steps to destroy, erase or render anonymous personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes.Accuracy of Personal InformationWe strive to ensure that any personal information we retain and use is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which we will use it. We do not routinely update personal information unless necessary for these purposes. Nonetheless, if our records regarding your personal information are inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend that information at your request. Requests for correction of your personal information should be directed to the Purdys Chocolatier Privacy Officer at the address below. Purdys.com account holders may also update their contact information by signing in to My Account.Access to Personal InformationAt your request, we will provide to you a statement explaining the extent to which we hold personal information about you, and we will explain how that information has been used or disclosed by us. You may also request access to your personal information in our custody or control. In order to verify that the information is being released to the proper individual, you may be asked to provide suitable identification or to otherwise identify yourself.LinksThis website contains links to other sites and advertisements. This privacy statement only applies to information collected by our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of these third parties.Changes to this Privacy PolicyPurdys Chocolatier reserves the right, in its discretion, to change this privacy policy at any time. All changes will be posted to the Website and will apply to any personal information collected on or after the date posted. Purdys Chocolatier will treat your continued use of the Website following any such posting as your acceptance of the revised terms. All changes will remain in compliance with applicable federal and provincial privacy legislation. We encourage you to check this privacy policy regularly for changes.Contact our Privacy OfficerPurdys Chocolatier is responsible for the personal information under its control. Purdys Chocolatier has designated a Privacy Officer who is accountable for the handling of personal information under our control and for ensuring that the principles set out in this privacy policy and applicable privacy legislation are complied with. If you have any questions about these practices and policies, please contact us at:Purdys Chocolatier – Privacy Officer 8330 Chester Street Vancouver, BC Canada V5X 3Y7 Tel: 604.454.2777 Email: privacy@purdys.com