http://www.bigchefonline.com/terms.asp
Terms
www.bigchefonline.com
HOME
WHAT MAKES US SPECIAL
WHOLESALE
GREEN & LEAN
F.A.Q.
Contact
My Account  |  View Cart  |  Checkout Now
PHONE
(954) 965-2480
we have a 128-bit secure serverfor processing orders
Products
By Cuisine
Asian
Brazilian
Continental
Fusion
Latin
Mediterranean
Worldwide
American
By Appetizers
Breaded-Crusted
Dim Sum
Empanadas - Tortillas
Fillo - Phyllo
Puff Pastry-Wellington
Skewers-Bacon Wrapped
Various
By Main Ingredient
Beef-Lamb-Veal
Cheese
Chicken-Duck-Turkey
Fruit
Seafood
Vegetables
By Types
Appetizer Hors D'Oeuvres
Breakfast Items
Canapes Fresh
Center of Plate Entrees
Grab'n Go Gourmet
Kids Friendly
New Hors D'Oeuvres
Seasonal Items
Desserts
Individual Desserts
Mini Desserts
Events
Testimonials
Nav Menu 2
Nav Menu 3
TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Prices
The prices you see are, unless otherwise stated, List Net Prices and Uninsured. Shipping will be automatically added to your order based on Sales Value. The shipping costs are shown in the Final Order Screen. If you live in Canada, Alaska, Hawaii or Mexico please contact our office at (954) 965.2480 for shipping charges or email us at info@bigchefonline.com. Your credit card will be only debited once your order is ready to ship.
2. Price Quotes
Big or small, our sales representatives are ready to provide you with very competitive price quotations. Contact us and let us bid today!
3. Minimum Order Value
There is no minimum order value but please bear in mind that the freight charges can make some orders uneconomical.
4. Delivery Schedule
All of our product is shipped overnight. Due to the expensive nature of shipping perishable food items (we ship overnight on gel pack or dry ice in a temperature controlled padded insulated box).Order by 11:00 am EST for next day delivery. We ship Monday through Thursday. Saturday deliveries possible with an additional FEDEX shipping fee. Please notify us for Saturday deliveries upon check out and we will contact you with shipping fees. We only ship to residential and business addresses (no P.O. Box). Please have someone available to accept delivery. If you're not sure someone will be home to receive your order, may we suggest shipping it to an alternative address. Upon arrival, place product trays in the freezer or refrigerator if you are going to use the same day. Feel free to re-use your insulated shipping box.
5. Security
Your security is very important to us, orders placed on our www.BigChefonline.com, are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology with a high-grade encryption key which means that your information can only be decoded by BigChef. All transactions are protected by our Geotrust? Certificate. You can confirm this by clicking on the Geotrust? Seal.
6. 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
We strive to delight the palate of your guests. If you, for any reason, are not completely satisfied with our purchase, please return the product to us; and we will gladly replace it or refund your money.
7. Return Policy
Return policy: If your shipment is damaged upon arrival please contact us immediately. BigChef is NOT liable for deliveries where the customer is not available to receive the order.
8. Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please send a mail to info@bigchefonline.com or call us at (+) 1-954 -965-2480 or fax us at (+)1-954-965-7860.
YOUR PRIVACY
At www.bigchefonline.com we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and members and have established this Privacy Policy as a result. Below we describe why we gather customer, member and third party information, what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use the information for and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of www.bigchefonline.com
Note: You must be 18 years or older to register as a member of www.bigchefonline.com
Why do we gather information?
Since our inception, www.bigchefonline.com has consistently provided our customers with quality goods and excellent customer service. We gather personal information to allow us to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you and your gift and message recipients of special offers and discounts.
What information do we gather?
Through our Web Site and emails, including when you place an order, we may collect the following information: your name, telephone number, email address, billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), products purchased. Information you enter is collected even if you cancel or do not complete an order. Also, if you register as a member, we request your name, address, phone number, email address, title (gender), birth date, and other information set forth on the Member Registration Page.
How we use "cookies"
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your computer by a Web site which gives you a numeric user ID and stores certain information about your activity on the site. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer and to provide certain features to you, for example to store information on your product selections as you shop on our site, but we do not store any personal information (except your name) or financial information about you using cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of www.bigchefonline.com , such as the shopping basket, will not function properly.
How we use the information we collect about you.
We use information we collect from you to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you of offers and discounts from COMPANY only. You will be able to securely unsubscribe to these informative at any time.
Links
www.bigchefonline.com wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party Web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies, not ours. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other Web site.
Your Security
Our Web site encrypts your credit card number prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the site is viewed using Microsoft's Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator. We use Geotrust? to secure our transactions.
Your Consent and Changes to this Policy
Subject to the above provisions, by using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post those changes so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
35809/0001
WHAT MAKES US SPECIAL
Letter from Big Chef
Bio's
Diversity
Workforce
Awards
Manufacturing Process
Testimonials
F.A.Q.'s
Hors D'Oeuvres
Shipping & Returns
Green
Special Requests
Organic
Order Status
My Account
Guarantees
Pricing and Billing
Buyers Guide
QUICK LINKS
Home
Green & Lean
Wholesale
Community Involvement
Useful Links
Blog
News Room
Terms
Contact Us
SHOP BY CATEGORIES
By Appetizers
By Types
By Main Ingredient
By Cuisine
By Occasion
Sign up for news & discounts   view sample
Your Name:
Your E-mail:
©  Big Chef | Terms & Conditions
Big Chef Online 4811 S State Rd 7 Davie, FL 33314
Tel: (954) 965-2480 | Fax: (954) 965-7860 | Email: info@bigchefonline.com
Built with Volusion
Connect with us:
Volusion Store Design by NetOne Systems