http://www.martins-philatelie.com/help.html#transport
Home
FRANCE
France
Postage
Airpost
Miniature-Sheets
Postage Due
Precancelled
Officials
Complete Year Sets
Booklets
Self-adhesive
Personalized
Military Frank
Other issues
ANDORRA FR.
MONACO
MEMEL
REUNION (CFA)
SAAR
NOVELTIES
GERMANY
Germany
German Empire
Until 1923
Weimar
3rd Reich
World War I, Memel
Plebiscite, Danzig
World War II
Allied Occupation
Britisch-am., Zone
French zone
Russian zone
Local issues
Saar
GFR - Berlin - GDR
Federal Rep. (GFR)
Compl. Year Sets
Berlin with
Compl. Year Sets
Democratic Rep. (GDR)
Compl. Year Sets
OTHER COUNTRIES
Austria
Austrian Empire
Republic 1922-37
After 1945 with
Complete Year Sets
Switzerland
Switzerland, with
Miniature-Sheets and Airpost
Complete Year Sets
Intern. Organisations
Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein, with
Miniature-Sheets and Airpost
Postage Due and Officials
Complete Year Sets
SPECIAL OFFERS
Stamp Packets
France and Germany
Europe, Africa
America, Asia, Australia
Topical Stamp Packets
Bargains
France
Germany
Other Countries
Topicals
Help
Nota bene: Unlike others - MARTINS PHILATELIE only charges your credit card when we are ready to ship your merchandise - not when your order is placed!
> How to buy
> Prices
> Payment methods
> Transport
> Guarantee
> Abbreviations
> Privacy
How to buy
Free entrance - Buying is only an option: visit freely
Trying is not buying - Buy without ordering. Evaluate your buying plans and the final price without any commitment. At any time, you can cancel the order and your order is only effective once you have sent us your contact information.
Buying steps
Choose products by clicking on the yellow shopping cart
and please use only the internal links and not the functions of your browser in our shop. Search the products through the menu and the indicated pages
|<< < 2 3 4 > >>|
in our online catalogue.
The articles are put into your SHOPPING CART automatically and your order is effective only once the order details and your customer data have been sent.
Once you have finished your order, click on ORDER and then indicate your customer data.
If you are ordering for the first time, you need to fill out the shown form - please indicate carefully your exact e-mail address to receive our confirmation sent automatically. Your account is only activated once you have responded to this confirmation, which allows you to follow the status of your order and will provide you with full customer advantages.
You can now verify your customer's data that appear,
and click on the button PAYMENT. Then you will then be redirected to our bank server and be asked to indicate your credit card data (secured connection encrypted after SSL standards, visible in your browsers' address field by the beginning of 'https// ..). After a short verification process and a confirmation by your own bank, the payment will be effective successfully and your order placed. Please note: unlike others - we only charge your credit card once we are ready to ship and not when the order is placed!
If you do not wish to pay by credit card, you can also pay by transfer payment to our account. For that, please print the order page and send it by postal mail or by fax.
Your order will be carried out as soon as we received your payment.
NEVER PRINT THE SHOPPING CART FOR YOUR ORDER - PLEASE ALWAYS ENTER AND CONFIRM YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION BEFORE !!!
You can pay by BANK TRANSFER TO OUR ACCOUNT:
IBAN FR76 1470 7000 4004 0210 1914 879 . BIC : CCBPFRPPMTZ
and send your order by postal or by fax.
Online payment: immediate shipment - Bank transfer: shipment after payment receipt.
Prices
The total price to be paid in our online shop is in the category
STAMPS
Sum of the single prices + shipping flat fee of 6 € for shipment address in France, abroad 8 €, no costs for orders above 250 €
STAMP PACKETS
Sum of the prices + shipping, depending on total weight of the items purchased and the delivery address. The total amount to pay is displayed at the end of the order process before payment.
Shipping includes insurance - all our shipments are privately insured and the transport is without any risk for you.
Payment methods
Four options:
Online secured payment, up to 1000 €
enter your credit card number + expiry date, encryption, then transmission to the bank server only;
confidential, safe, fast.
Credit card by fax, no maximum amount.
fax your card + expiry date + signature
3 days for clearing, less confidential
Transfer to our account, no maximum amount, but mail and cash delay
: IBAN FR7614707000400402101914879 . BIC : CCBPFRPPMTZ
Payment via PayPal is free of charge for customers living outside the European Community;
customers living inside the European Community are charged with additional fees of 3,4% (equal to the fees charged by Paypal).
Transport
IMMEDIATE AND INSURED SHIPMENT -
Your order is carried out as soon as we receive the payment. Articles are packed carefully - a bill is enclosed to the shipment and the shipment is protected against damages and totally insured: if your parcel is lost or stolen during the transport, we replace or refund your order in total.
Shipment
are registered or - if necessary - are sent as insured letter by the French postal service 'La Poste'.
Carriage time
according to our experience, can vary from 2 to 3 days in France, from 4 to 6 days in Europe and about 6 to 8 days for USA/Canada - the real delay always depends on the carrier.
Guarantee
SATISFIED OR REFUNDED -
All stamps are without any faults in very fine condition:
MNH = mint never hinged with full undamaged original gum
FU = fine used with authentic postmarks
MH or M = mint, but hinged (concerns only some articles offered as 'bargain' in our column 'we suggest')
see also => terms of sale
Abbreviations
= MNH = mint never hinged with full undamaged original gum
= MH = mint, with original gum, but hinged
()
= M = mint, no gum or renewed gum
= FU = fine used with authentic postmarks
fine used, without any default (only concerning the 'classical' period until 1900)
used, with small, acceptable defaults (only concerning the 'classical' period until 1900)
click here and add article to shopping cart
click here for more detailed descriptions or full size images
Privacy
Your name and address will not be given to anyone. We are respecting the French law "informatique et libertés" dated January 6th, 1978, protecting your privacy.
Search
> Advanced search
Login / Registration
Your email / Customer ID
Password
Daily gift
50 different stamps RWANDA
today for FREE with your order
Secure payment
Credit card only charged when ready to ship
Fast shipment
IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT AND ALWAYS FULLY INSURED
Lexicon
See our philatelic dictionary
×