http://www.outside.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Menu
Search
My Account
Basket
0
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
Search
GBP
Change
Albanian Lek
Argentine Peso
Armenian Dram
Australian Dollar
Brazilian Real
British Pound
Bulgarian Lev
Canadian Dollar
Chilean Peso
Chinese Yuan
Croatian Kuna
Czech Republic Koruna
Danish Krone
Euro
Falkland Islands Pound
Gibraltar Pound
Hong Kong Dollar
Hungarian Forint
Icelandic Króna
Indian Rupee
Indonesian Rupiah
Iranian Rial
Israeli New Shekel
Japanese Yen
Latvian Lats
Lithuanian Litas
Macedonian Denar
Mexican Peso
Moldovan Leu
Moroccan Dirham
New Taiwan Dollar
New Zealand Dollar
Norwegian Krone
Philippine Peso
Polish Zloty
Romanian Leu
Russian Rouble
Serbian Dinar
Singapore Dollar
South African Rand
South Korean Won
Sri Lankan Rupee
Swedish Krona
Swiss Franc
Thai Baht
Turkish Lira
US Dollar
Ukrainian Hryvnia
United Arab Emirates Dirham
My Account
My Wishlist
Register
News and Reviews
Log In
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Outside.co.uk uses and protects any information that you share with us when you use this website. Outside.co.uk is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Outside.co.uk may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Personal Information
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
First and Last Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
If you log in to your account, we will register these visits using the information given by you in the registration process.
We will never sell, distribute or lease this data unless we’re required by law to do so. That means you won’t get spam because you have registered with us.
What we do with the information we gather
We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@outside.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Outside Ltd
Main Road
Hathersage
Derbyshire
S32 1BB.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Non-identifiable information
Every time you visit our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. We do not use this technology to collect any personal data without your knowledge (i.e., automatically recording e-mail addresses of visitors). Nor do we use it for any purpose other than to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Links
Customer Service
Ordering
Delivery
Returns and Exchanges
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Your Currency:
Albanian Lek - ALL
Argentine Peso - ARS
Armenian Dram - AMD
Australian Dollar - AUD
Brazilian Real - BRL
British Pound - GBP
Bulgarian Lev - BGN
Canadian Dollar - CAD
Chilean Peso - CLP
Chinese Yuan - CNY
Croatian Kuna - HRK
Czech Republic Koruna - CZK
Danish Krone - DKK
Euro - EUR
Falkland Islands Pound - FKP
Gibraltar Pound - GIP
Hong Kong Dollar - HKD
Hungarian Forint - HUF
Icelandic Króna - ISK
Indian Rupee - INR
Indonesian Rupiah - IDR
Iranian Rial - IRR
Israeli New Shekel - ILS
Japanese Yen - JPY
Latvian Lats - LVL
Lithuanian Litas - LTL
Macedonian Denar - MKD
Mexican Peso - MXN
Moldovan Leu - MDL
Moroccan Dirham - MAD
New Taiwan Dollar - TWD
New Zealand Dollar - NZD
Norwegian Krone - NOK
Philippine Peso - PHP
Polish Zloty - PLN
Romanian Leu - RON
Russian Rouble - RUB
Serbian Dinar - RSD
Singapore Dollar - SGD
South African Rand - ZAR
South Korean Won - KRW
Sri Lankan Rupee - LKR
Swedish Krona - SEK
Swiss Franc - CHF
Thai Baht - THB
Turkish Lira - TRY
US Dollar - USD
Ukrainian Hryvnia - UAH
United Arab Emirates Dirham - AED
Outside
About Us
Hathersage Shop
Hathersage Cafe
Meet the Hathersage Team
Information
Advanced Search
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help and Advice
Product Support
Product Reviews
News and Blogs
Contact Us
Competition
Newsletter
© 2018 Outside Ltd Registered in England and Wales. Company Number 6142911 Vat Reg. 898 3579 42
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button.
Allow