http://www.builtny.com/pages/privacy-policy
1
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy | California Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Lifetime Brands, Inc. (“Company”, “us” or “we”) recognize the importance of your privacy. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we will treat your information in connection with our Site located at BuiltNY.com (the “Site”).
This privacy policy was last updated on December 26, 2019.
This policy applies to information we collect: (a) on this Site; (b) in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Site; or (c) through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Site.
It does not apply to information collected by (a) us offline or through any other means, including on any other Site operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) or (b) any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit or debit card number, and other similar information that can be used to identify you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). Specifically, when you use our Site, we may collect the following:
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US when you
Fill in forms on our Site, including when you register to use our Site, subscribe to our service, post material, request further services, enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, or when you report a problem with our Site;
Contact us;
Respond to surveys;
Place an order;
Use the search bar on the Site; or
Otherwise post or publish on the Site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES.
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use cookies, flash cookies, or web beacons (collectively, “Automatic Data Collection Technologies”) to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party Sites or other online services (behavioral tracking). The information we collect automatically may include personal information or we may associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.
See the section titled “Automatic Data Collection Technologies” below to learn more.
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
Automatic Data Collection Technologies help us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: (a) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests; (c) speed up your searches; and (d) recognize you when you return to our Site.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related Site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Site content and verifying system and server integrity).
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personally Identifiable Information:
To present our Site and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with notices about your account;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site;
To administer our Site, including by monitoring and analyzing our Site traffic and usage patterns;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your Personally Identifiable Information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Site users is among the assets transferred;
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to/not opted out of these disclosures;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
With your consent;
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented commercially suitable physical, electronic, and managerial measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. These procedures include, but are not limited to, firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection, and Site monitoring.
We also limit access to any Personally Identifiable Information we receive to employees who need access to that information in order to do their jobs.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s Site. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can also always opt-out by logging into the Site and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to datarequests@lifetimebrands.com.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by logging into the Site and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to datarequests@lifetimebrands.com.
If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to datarequests@lifetimebrands.com
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Site and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an e-mail at datarequests@lifetimebrands.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your Personally Identifiable Information without also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Site, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Site users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Site, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request, at one (1) time each year, certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to datarequests@lifetimebrands.com or write us at:
Lifetime Brands, Inc.Attn: Consumer Services - Data Requests22 Blake StreetMedford, MA
02155
The California Resident Privacy Notice
supplements the information contained in our privacy policy above and applies solely to California residents or those protected by California law.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features/register on the Site, make any purchases through the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Site or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at datarequests@lifetimebrands.com.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
Our Site is hosted and operated in the United States.
By using the Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your Personally Identifiable Information to the United States.
If you are accessing the Site from outside of the United States, please be advised that United States’ law may not offer the same privacy protections as the laws of your jurisdiction.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Site home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Site home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Lifetime Brands, Inc.Attn: Data Protection Compliance Officer1000 Stewart AvenueGarden City, NY
11530
SHOP EARLY! SHIPPING TIMES MAY BE DELAYED. ORDER BY 12/13 to Get it in Time.   Shipping Details
SHIPPING TIMES MAY BE DELAYED. ORDER BY 12/13 to Get it in Time.   Shipping Details
x