http://www.hbdirect.com/conditions.php
Your Basket
Order Total : $33.72
Show Basket
Checkout
Search:
1 800 222 6872
My Account
|
My wishlist |
My Cart |
More
Institutional Accounts
FAQs
Contact Us
Classical
Jazz
More
Home
Blues
World Music
R&B/Hip-Hop
Rock
Country
Folk
Gospel
New Age
Oldies
Soundtracks
Comedy
x
Cajun
Children's
Comedy
Country
Easy Listening
Electronic
Environmental
Folk
Gospel
Instrumental
New Age
Oldies
Original Cast
Rock & Pop
Soundtracks
Spoken Word
Test Discs
Conditions of Use
HBDirect.com is committed to safeguarding the personal information of every visitor to our site. By visiting HBDirect.com, users are accepting the policies outlined in this Privacy Policy Statement. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by any of the methods listed below under Contact Us.
Accepting the Terms
This document and all other documents referenced in these Terms & Conditions are collectively the "Terms." The Terms are a legally binding contract between you and HBDirect.com. Please read the Terms & Conditions, along with the Privacy Policy, carefully. By using HBDirect.com, you accept the Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy (jointly referred to as the "Terms"). By creating an Account or by making any purchase through HBDirect.com, you agreed and accepted the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you may not use HBDirect.com, and you should discontinue your use of the website immediately.
Site Policies
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy Policy posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to HBDirect.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Terms & Conditions at any time. If we determine those changes are material to your continued use, we will notify you either by posting a message on our website or by sending you an email notifying you of the changes to the Terms & Conditions or other policies. Check back regularly to be notified of any updates. If any term or condition contained in the Terms (including, but not limited to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy) are deemed to be invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
By visiting HBDirect.com and using the services, making purchases, and otherwise utilizing the website, you agree that the laws of the state of Tennessee, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms & Conditions.
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to HBDirect.com or to the products you purchase through HBDirect.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Tennessee, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate HBDirect's intellectual property rights, HBDirect.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Tennessee, and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
Privacy and Your Personal Information
At HBDirect.com, we know privacy is important to you, and it's important to us, too. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about how HBDirect.com is working hard to ensure that your personal information remains private. Remember, by using HBDirect.com, you're agreeing to our processing, storage, and usage of your personal information as outlined in the Privacy Policy.
Your Account
You must be 18 or older to use HBDirect.com. HBDirect.com does not sell products to children. If you are under 18 years old, you must be accompanied by a parent or legal guarding to place orders on HBDirect.com. By accepting the Terms, you confirm that you are 18 or older. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
Use your own information. Provide us with an accurate accounting of your information, and don't use someone else's personal information on your account.
Protect your password. Keep your passwords protected and comply with all relevant legal requirements when you use HBDirect.com.
Termination
If you no longer want HBDirect.com to use your information, you may elect to close your account. In the event that you opt to close your account, HBDirect.com will retain your information to the extent necessary to satisfy our legal requirements, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or as otherwise provided. To inquire about removal of your account, please send a request to staff@hbdirect.com.
Orders Placed on HBDirect.com
Prices and availability of the products and services listed on HBDirect.com are subject to change without notice. The listing, description of, or reference to, a product or service on this Site does not imply that the product or service is presently available or that we endorse that product or service. In the event a product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or error in pricing information received from a supplier, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any order placed for such product or service at the incorrect price, even if the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or for no reason at all. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any product or service. Not all products and services listed on this Site may be available for sale or delivery in every area. All orders of products or services are subject to prevailing law, including, as appropriate, export and import regulations and boycotting restrictions, if any, imposed by governing bodies having jurisdiction over such orders, products or services.
Sale Prices
From time to time, HBDirect.com may offer certain items or all items in the store at prices lower than the normal HBDirect.com retail price. These sale prices will be honored only for the time period in which they are displayed on HBDirect.com. We do not honor sale prices for items and/or orders placed before or after the sale period. The sale period is defined by the time period when the discounted prices are displayed on HBDirect.com.
Generally
These Terms, including all the policies that make up these Terms, supersede any other agreement between you and HBDirect.com regarding the services provided through the website. If any part of the Terms is found to be unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms is not a waiver of HBDirect.com to later enforce that part of the Terms or any other part of the Terms. We may assign any of our rights and obligations under these Terms.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
HBDIRECT.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, HBDIRECT.COM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. HBDIRECT.COM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM HBDIRECT.COM ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. HBDIRECT.COM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the HBDirect.com Privacy Policy or Terms & Conditions, please contact us at staff@hbdirect.com.
Terms & Conditions last updated: 5/22/2018
Subscribe to our Newsletters
New Recommendations
Laurie Berkner
A
Laurie Berkner Christmas [Digipak]
$16.99 $16.98
The John Wilson...
Gershwin in Hollywood: Live at the Royal Albert Hall *
$21.99 $18.87
Moscow Symphony...
Erich Wolfgang Korngold: The Adventures of Robin Hood
$13.97 $11.24
Hafez Nazeri
Rumi Symphony Project: Untold
$14.99 $12.34
Simone Dinnerst...
Night [Digipak]
$16.99 $14.24
Mark Fitz-Geral...
Shostakovich: The Girlfriends; Salute to Spain
$13.97 $11.24
Joey + Rory
A Farmhouse Christmas [Digipak]
$18.99 $16.98
Mark O'Connor (...
An Appalachian Christmas [Digipak]
$21.99 $18.87
Bryn Terfel (Ba...
Carols and Christmas Songs
$25.99 $22.79
Andre Rieu
Forever Vienna
$18.99 $16.14
The Paragon Rag...
George M. Cohan: You're a Grand Old Flag
$18.99 $16.14
Renee Fleming
Dark Hope [Digipak]
$21.99 $18.87
The Canadian Te...
The Canadian Tenors
$24.99 $22.23
Cincinnati Pops...
Masters and Commanders
$19.99 $16.97
Dame Edna Evera...
Prokofiev: Peter and the Wolf *
$13.97 $11.24
London Symphony...
Film Music of Sir Malcolm Arnold, Vol. 1
$20.99 $17.97
John Williams (...
Guitar Concertos
$27.99 $23.74
Denver Brass
Brass Cats: Brass Music of Chris Hazell
$18.99 $16.14
Classical Music CDs |
Jazz Music CDs |
Blues CDs |
International Music CDs
Beethoven CDs |
Mozart CDs |
Hiphop CDs |
Opera CDs |
More genres |
Conditions of Use |
Privacy Policy Statement |
Sitemap
© 2000-2020 HBDirect.com, LLC. All rights reserved.