http://www.pet-portraits.co.uk/privacypolicy.html
Christine Varley Studio - Privacy Policy
Celebrating 30 Years of Pet Portraits!
Home
Gallery
Shop
Order
Contact
Privacy Policy
Quicklinks
The Artist The Studio Online Shop Pet Portrait Gallery PricesYoutube Payment Plans Frames Portrait Gift Vouchers Special Offers Shows & Events Choosing & Taking Photos for Portraits Pet Photo Shoots Portrait FAQs Customer Comments Charities & Sponsorship Franchise Licensing Images Links Dog Breed Info
Prints, Cards, Cushions, Keyrings, Mugs and Much More!
Newsletter
LATEST NEWSNEW PRODUCTSSPECIAL OFFERSEVENTS
Sign Up Today!
Email Address: *
First Name:
Last Name:
Effective 1 May 2018
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Who Are We
Christine Varley Studio provides portraits images and artwork , licensing and sales of animal related gifts. We trade from Christine Varley Studio 15 Ashby Rd Moira Swadlincote DE126DJ ENGLAND UK
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone numbers
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Information We DONT Collect
Credit/Debit Card Information
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email.. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at the address on this website.
About Us
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Contact Us
| ©2012 Christine Varley Studio
Christine Varley Studio England Clematis House, 15 Ashby Road, Moira, Swadlincote, DE12 6DJ
Tel: +44 (0)1283 215561 Mob: 07790 726719 Email:
info@pet-portraits.co.uk
animal portraits | pet pictures | horse portraits | illustrations of animals | painting studies | watercolour pictures | cat portraits | horse paintings | dog studies | dog prints | cat prints | animal prints | portrait of dogs | picture of horses | paintings | pencil illustrations | artwork of animals | sketches of dogs | pet sketches | pet drawings | drawings of horses | paint dogs | draw pictures of animals | watercolour pictures of horses | fish paintings | rabbit pictures | donkey painting