http://www.zingermans.com/CustService.aspx#privacy
Covid-19 Update: We are busy shipping great food nationwide. Order now to guarantee you'll get your food for the holiday season.
Zingerman's Mail Order
The online shop for food lovers
888.636.8162
7am - 2am ET We're open now!
Buy a Gift Card
Sign In
SIGN IN
CREATE AN ACCOUNT
My Account
Order History
Address Book
0
Cart
Search
Gifts
Best Selling Gifts
Holiday Gifts
Chanukah
Stocking Stuffers
Gift Cards
Food Clubs
Gift Baskets & Boxes
Business Gifts
Customizable Gifts
Gifts for Occasions
Coffee Cakes
Deli Gifts
Gifts of Bread
Gifts of Pastries
Gifts of Meat
Gifts of Cheese
Gifts of Oil & Vinegar
All Gifts
Holiday Gifts
Christmas Goodies Gift Box
Bag of Chocolate Coal
Clementines in Chocolate
Pain d'Epices Honey Cake
Vintage Fruit Cakes
Christmas Extravaganza Gift Basket
Colston Bassett Stilton Gift Set
Holiday Meat & Cheese Gift Box
Christmas Weekender Gift Box
Chocolate Dipped Figs
More...
Chanukah
Chanukah Gift Boxes
Chanukah Chocolate Gelt
Chanukah Edible Box of Chocolates
Chanukah Sweet Treats Gift Box
Stars of David Marzipops
Chanukah Weekender Gift Box
Olive Oil Coffee Cake
Halvah
Chocolate Raisin Babka
Date, Fig & Pomegranate Babka
More...
Bread & Pastry
Gifts of Bread
All Breads
Best Selling Breads
European Country Breads
Sourdough Breads
Specialty Breads
Rye Breads
Holiday Baked Goods
Coffee Cakes
Best Selling Pastries
Gifts of Pastries
All Cakes, Pies, & Pastries
All Breads & Baked Goods
Pantry
Snacks
Tinned Fish
Sauces
Pastas
Flours, Grains & Rices
Nuts & Nut Butters
Spices
Vegetables
Olives & Capers
Preserves & Marmalades
Sweet Spreads
Baking Ingredients
Honey
Tea & Coffee
Mustards
Spicy Foods
Cheese Companions
Meat & Fish
Gifts of Meat & Fish
Fresh Beef & Pork
Deli Meats
Ham
Bacon
Salami
Sausage
Best Selling Meats
All Meats
Tinned & Smoked Fish
Best Selling Fish
All Meats & Fish
Cheese
Gifts of Cheese
Zingerman's Creamery
American Cheeses
Italian Cheeses
Best Selling Cheeses
All Cheeses
Sweets
Holiday Sweets
Candies & Confections
Chocolate
Bonajuto Chocolates
Sweet Spreads
Dried & Candied Fruits
Gelato & Toppings
Best Selling Sweets
All Sweets
Oil & Vinegar
Gifts of Oil & Vinegar
All Oils
Best Selling Oils
Italian Olive Oils
French Olive Oils
Spanish Olive Oils
All Vinegars
Best Selling Vinegars
Balsamic Vinegar
Fruit & Wine Vinegars
Made By Us
Reuben Sandwich Kit
Bread
Coffee Cakes
Baked Goods
Layer Cakes
Coffee
Coffee Subscription
Cheese
Gelato
Candy
From Our Kitchen
Gifts by Zingerman's
Books
More
Gluten Free
Vegan-friendly
New!
Buy More, Save More
Virtual Tailgate
Made in Michigan
Meal Kits
Staff Favorites
Pro-Level Tasting Flights
Women-Made Foods
Home Goods
Books
Online Catalog
All Products
Retirement Home
My Account
Sign In
Cart
Buy a Gift Card
Gifts>
Holiday Gifts>
Chanukah>
Bread & Pastry>
Pantry>
Meat & Fish>
Cheese>
Sweets>
Oil & Vinegar>
Made By Us>
More>
Help
Contact Us
Help
Click on a question. Get an answer.
Still have questions? Please call us 888.636.8162 or text us at 734.436.2006 or email service@zingermans.com.
General
Four Things to Know about Zingerman’s Mail Order and COVID-19Do other Zingerman’s businesses have
delivery or pick up in Ann Arbor?Contact UsDoes Zingerman's Franchise?How do you source your foods?Does Zingerman's give back?Do you have a corporate gifting program?How can I request a catalog?Where can I subscribe to your e-news?Could you please remove me from your mailing list?Who illustrates Zingerman's catalogs and website?Who writes Zingerman's catalogs and website?Who designs Zingerman's catalogs and website?What's the Frequent Foodie program?
Service
The Returnless GuaranteeWhat's your return policy?What payments do you accept?Where can I send love notes and suggestions?Can I download an order form to send to you?Is your site secure?What's your privacy policy?I'm sending a gift - will the prices appear anywhere in the box?What does your packing slip look like?Do you have a blank card I can download to print and put with my gift?Why doesn't my discount code work?Can I change my username?Can I check out as a guest?Do you have a Coffee Subscription?Can I ship to multiple recipients?
Products
Can I customize my gift?What gift packaging options do I have?Do you sell gift cards?What happens if the product I want is "sold out"?I know something you should stock!Can I send something from another Zingerman’s business?What's a Zingerman’s exclusive?Are you Kosher?How should I keep my bread?How should I care for my cheese?How should I care for my baked goods or coffee cake?How should I keep my olive oil?How do you know your olive oil is real and unadulterated?Recipe: Mo's basic vinaigretteHow should I care for my salami?Do you wholesale?
Shipping
When do you ship orders?When do deliveries happen?Can you describe shipping methods in plain English?What are your shipping rates?Can I choose the date my box arrives?What is "flat rate" shipping?Do you require a signature when the box arrives?Do you deliver on Saturday?Do you ship boxes out of your warehouse on Saturdays and Sundays?Can you ship internationally?What's "warm weather care"?Can you ship to P. O. Boxes?Can you ship to APO and FPO addresses?Do you deliver to Alaska & Hawaii?What options do you have for local delivery in Ann Arbor?Can I pick up my order at your warehouse?Why doesn't bread ship for flat rate?How can I track my package?
Four Things to Know about Zingerman’s Mail Order and COVID-19top
This is uncharted territory for all of us. We are dedicated to staying open to provide food and gifts for loved ones anywhere in America.
We are taking every sanitation, hygiene and safety precaution. We follow the recommendations of the CDC, our County Health Department, the State of Michigan, the Department of Agriculture and any other group that has sound advice. Everyone is screened before they come to work each day. Everyone packing your order is working at a safe distance from each other and wearing masks and gloves.
We can ship your order out quickly. When you check out you'll be given a range of delivery options and you can choose the one that works for you.
Many of our crew are working from home to answer calls or emails. If a dog barks in the background, a chicken crows, or a child laughs, now you know why.
We have always provided our crew with paid time off and offered full health insurance. Currently, any crew member who does not want to work can choose not to, no questions asked.
Do other Zingerman’s businesses have
delivery or pick up in Ann Arbor?top
Yes!
Zingerman’s Delicatessen
Sandwiches, groceries, at-home meals
Sandwiches pick up or delivery, call 734 663 3354 or order online
Groceries pick up or delivery, order online
At home meals for pick up or delivery, order online
Zingerman’s Roadhouse Restaurant
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, coffee, wine
Roadhouse curbside pick up or Roadshow drive thru, order online or call 734 663 3663
Miss Kim Restaurant
Lunch, dinner and wine
Pick up curbside on their own site
Delivery via Grubhub and Eatstreet
Zingerman’s Bakehouse
Bread, baked goods, baking supplies
Curbside pick up, call 734 761 2095 or order online
Zingerman’s Creamery
Cheese, gelato, food kits
Delivery by Grubhub or Mercato
Pick up, call 734 929 0500 or order online
Zingerman’s Coffee Company
Coffee beans, coffee drinks, tea, toasts
Curbside pick up, call 734 929 6060 or order online
Delivery through Grubhub
Zingerman’s Candy Manufactory
Candy
Pick up at pop-up store inside Zingerman's Coffee Co., order online
Contact Ustop
Call toll free 7am - 2am ET We're open now! 888.636.8162
International call (or the local number if you're in Ann Arbor): +1 734.477.6986
Text  734.436.2006
Email service@zingermans.com
Fax (We dig the sound it makes): 734.477.6988
Mail (Secret admirers and love notes welcome)
Zingerman's Mail Order
610 Phoenix Drive
Ann Arbor, MI 48108
Does Zingerman's Franchise?top
In the traditional sense, no.
We are dedicated to growing thriving, food-related businesses in the Ann Arbor area. Each is unique, not part of a franchise.
We invite entrepreneurs with a passion for food and a commitment to our mission and guiding principles to join us. Each business we've started was inspired by—and is led by—entrepreneurs. We do not create business concepts then find partners. The partners come to us with an idea and work to build it themselves, with help from our community of businesses.
You can learn more about Zingerman's Community of Businesses here.
If you are serious about building a food business in Ann Arbor and want to be part of Zingerman's, we welcome all discussions. Email Paul Saginaw, Zingerman's co-founder, at psaginaw@zingermans.com.How do you source your foods?top
We seek traditionally made foods with full flavor. Foods that have been part of people's eating for a long time, or newer foods that are made with traditional methods. (Of course there are always exceptions. We make sure the exceptions—like our all natural gummis, which aren't traditional at all—are also very delicious!)
We keep our selection tight and focused. We want to help you find what you're looking for faster and easier. We taste thousands of different foods each year, selecting only dozens, so we can narrow down to what we think is the tastiest.
If you have a food that you would like to share with us, please email Brad Hedeman at bhedeman@zingermans.com.Does Zingerman's give back?top
Zingerman's gives to a variety of causes. Our main philanthropic mission is to help end hunger in Washtenaw County, Michigan. We founded Food Gatherers in 1988 and continue to give them the majority of our philanthropic and volunteer support, regardless of the level of our profits.
If you have a contribution request for your organization you can learn more about our giving and request a donation here.Do you have a corporate gifting program?top
Yes, absolutely. Zingerman's specializes in delicious custom food gifts for any size gift list. If you have one, one hundred, or one thousand clients, we can help.
Your corporate gifts are handled by your own personal shopping concierge. Order in advance; we guarantee arrival by the date you want.
Learn more here.
Featuring:
Concierge service. One person guides your order from beginning to end
Personal items, gift cards or logos
Guaranteed arrival dates
Holiday discounts
Call 866.260.6169
Email bizgifts@zingermans.comHow can I request a catalog?top
Fill in this form. We'll put a catalog in the mail right away. It should be with you in less than two weeks. And in the meantime, you can check out our current catalog online.Where can I subscribe to your e-news?top
Subscribe here.
Zingerman's E-news comes out once or twice a week, on average. We share new food finds and offer deals for shopping online you won't find anywhere else.Could you please remove me from your mailing list?top
To unsubscribe from future paper mailings from Zingerman's please click here to start an email and send us the following information:
We need
First name
Last name
To be extra sure
Customer # (on the back of your catalog)
Key code (on the back of your catalog)
We will confirm your request by email. We may mail one or two more catalogs before the change goes into effect at our mail house.
If you'd like to stop mailings from other catalogs you can do that here.Who illustrates Zingerman's catalogs and website?top
Ian Nagy has been an illustrator at Zingerman's for 25 years. He's an avid fan of outsider and children's art. His influences include Kate Uleman, Ben Shahn, Matisse, Jean-Michel Basquiat, Gary Panter and that of his family; mother, sister and father. A concise history of his work and more images at www.iannagy.com.
Our website and catalog also includes drawings by Ryan Stiner, Lynette Christian, Britney Leal, Alyssa Olson, Nick Jaroch, Raúl Peña, William Charley, Kate Uleman, Phil Stead and Adam Forman.Who writes Zingerman's catalogs and website?top
Zingerman's shopping website and catalog primary authors are:
Mo Frechette moeats@zingermans.com
Brad Hedeman bhedeman@zingermans.com
Val Neff-Rasmussen vneff-rasmussen@zingermans.com
Ari Weinzweig ari@zingermans.comWho designs Zingerman's catalogs and website?top
Catalog & Print Design
Nicole Robichaud
Editor
Val Neff-Rasmussen
Editorial Team
Jackie Evers
Brad Hedeman
Pattie Lambka
Beth Holloway
Mo Frechette
Web Development & Testing
Thomas J. Bauer
Irene Tenenchuk
Joseph Richardson
Akram Alsamarae
Director
Mo FrechetteWhat's the Frequent Foodie program?top
If you spend enough to earn a prize we'll let you know. It's that easy!
No membership fee. No account number. No pin. No need to even sign up!
You will rack up Frequent Foodie points by eating your way through our catalog and website. Every dollar you spend — on yourself or as a gift purchase — counts towards a Zingerman's Gift Card. Frequent Foodie qualifying period is October 1 to September 30 of the following year.
Points
Gift card reward
500-999
$25
1000-1999
$50
2000-2999
$100
3000-3999
$150
4000-4999
$200
5000-9999
$250
over 10000
$500
The Returnless Guaranteetop
If you experience a problem with any of our products, customer service, shipping — or even if you just plain don't like how it tastes — please let us know. We'll do whatever it takes to make it right for you. And we'll never ask you to return anything.
Customer service is our passion, our charge and our mission. Stuff happens. Things go wrong. We consider it an honor when you let us help fix a problem.
No Hassles
Whatever the problem we’ll fix it immediately, no questions asked.
No Supervisors
Every one of our staff is authorized to do whatever it takes to make it right for you. While we welcome any requests to speak to a supervisor, manager or owner, you never have to pull rank in order to get things taken care of at Zingerman's.
No Returns Necessary
We never ask you to return anything. That means you can shop with us and try something new without worrying you'll have to re-pack the box and send it back if you don't like it.
No Statute of Limitations
We don’t care when the problem occurred. We’ll refund or replace anything no matter when we let you down.
The Only Taste That Counts is Yours
If you don’t like how it tastes, that’s good enough for us. We’ll refund your hard earned cash or send you something you’d enjoy more.
The Only Policy is: Whatever it Takes
We don't have any "policies." No "if this happened, then we'll do that." We do what you want. If you'd like us to refund the order, consider it done, no problem. Want us to replace it? Absolutely! Want something else instead? Sounds great – let's find something tasty. Just want to talk and give us some suggestions for improvement? Thank you, we'll listen!
Everyone is Covered
You’re the recipient, not the buyer? Doesn’t matter! We want everyone to be delighted by our food and service. If anything is wrong, please contact us so we can make things right.
On Time Arrival
We guarantee your order will arrive on or before the day you select. We know you often rely on the food to make a birthday special or a dinner come off without a hitch. If shipping gets in the way we promise we’ll cover you.
The Entire Experience Counts
Our guarantee doesn’t just cover food. We ensure your satisfaction with every part of your experience with Zingerman’s. From picking up the phone, to the first mouse click on your computer, until you finish the last bite of bread—If you aren’t completely satisfied with every part of the journey please contact us. We want to hear about the problem. We’d love the opportunity to make you happy.What's your return policy?top
We'll take care of any issue that comes up, and we'll never ask you to return anything. If you have a problem, please email service@zingermans.com or call 888.636.8162. Need a quick answer? Text 734.436.2006 and we'll help!What payments do you accept?top
Payment: Online or by Phone
MasterCard
Visa
American Express
Discover
Payment: Mailed in Order
All of the above plus
Check
Money Order
Unable to Accept
Collateralized Debt ObligationsWhere can I send love notes and suggestions?top
We welcome hearing from you. Send an email to tell us what you liked, or what you'd like to be better.Can I download an order form to send to you?top
Sure - here it is!
Zingerman's Mail Order form for one or two recipients (duplicate for more recipients).Is your site secure?top
All Zingermans.com transactions take place on a secure server. Your information is encrypted before it is sent through the Internet.
We have partenered with Authorize.Net to accept credit cards safely and securely for our customers. The Authorize.Net payment gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic credit card processing networks.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
If you don't feel comfortable sending your credit card information over the Internet, no problem. Call 888.636.8162 and we will happily take care of your order over the phone.What's your privacy policy?top
We know this is a sensitive issue. We take your privacy very seriously. To that end, we have a privacy statement that we live by.
We use personal IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of shopping carts.
Our site uses an order form to request information, products, and services.
We collect customers' contact information (like their email address).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
Customer contact information may be used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
We collect some data and share it with 3rd parties for marketing purposes.
If you would like to opt out of having any of your data shared please write us at service@zingermans.com.
You may opt out of receiving any future mailings by post or email at any time. Unsubscribe from email here. Unsubscribe from post by emailing service@zingermans.com.
In the future we may choose to use online surveys or contests in which we will use customer's contact information (like their email address).
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this Web site you can use the contact information below.I'm sending a gift - will the prices appear anywhere in the box?top
No. We include a packing slip that lists the products you purchased but not how much they cost.
The value of your gift stays a secret, between you, me, and your credit card company. We don't include catalogs in gift boxes, either.What does your packing slip look like?top
Click an image to see what the packing slip included in your box looks like.
Front
Back
Do you have a blank card I can download to print and put with my gift?top
Download, print and fold this to make a quick Zingerman's gift card you can hand to a lucky someone in person.
Why doesn't my discount code work?top
My first question to you would be: did you find it online?
There are a bunch of websites out there that claim to have Zingerman's coupons. The truth is that we never post discounts online. While it's flattering that other sites choose to post about us we don't have any control over what they choose to say. The discount codes posted to websites like those aren't generated by us, and they don't work on our website.
If your discount code came from some other source (like something you got in the regular old mail) and it's not working, please give us a call at 888.636.8162 or shoot us an email at service@zingermans.com and we'll do our best to help. And we usually have at least a few foods on sale that might tickle your tastebuds.Can I change my username?top
Yes, but for your security please call us at 888.636.8162 or send us an email at service@zingermans.com and we will help you update your user name. Can I check out as a guest?top
Yes! Choose the Continue as Guest option when you add items to your cart and click Checkout button. Do you have a Coffee Subscription?top
Do you offer food subscriptions?
Yes! We offer subscription service to our most popular coffees. For any other food, we're happy to help you set up a recurring subscription, just ring us at 888.636.8162.
How does your coffee subscription work?
Pick your coffee, place your first order, we will send you one or two bags of your favorite coffee. Then, every month we'll fashion a personalized artisan email before shipment to let you know it's coming. You can postpone, skip, change, or cancel your subscription any time. You can even add foods to that month's shipment, often without adding any shipping charges!
Can I change my subscription every month?
Yes. You can postpone a shipment. You can skip a shipment. You can change what's included or where it is sent. You can even add foods to that month's shipment, often without additional shipping expense.
Can I order more than two bags of coffee per month?
Absolutely! Call us at 888.636.8162 or email us at service@zingermans.com.
Can I order two different types of coffee in my subscription?
Of course! Call us at 888.636.8162 or email us at service@zingermans.com.
Can I add something to my subscription?
Yes! Please call or email us any month to add coffee companions or other pantry items that ship via our flat rate service without paying any extra shipping fees. If you add anything that doesn't ship FREE or FLAT RATE there'll be extra shipping fees.
When will my next order ship?
You can see this in your ORDER HISTORY. I know the future is not history—we're working on fixing that! ;) And we will send you an email to let you know it's coming.
Can I cancel anytime?
Yes, absolutely, no questions asked. You only get charged by the month when we ship. There are no early charges, no cancellation fees.
Can I order the subscription for someone as a gift?
Yes, and they will love you for it! Just remember to sign your name in the gift message so they know whom to thank.
When will you charge my card for my next order?
We will charge your credit card a week (or less) before your next order ships.Can I ship to multiple recipients?top
Yes, you can! You need to have an account with us to ship to multiple recipients in one order. Simply sign in, fill your basket with goodies, and you will see a Ship to Multiple Recipients option on Select the Recipient page.
If you do not have an account, this is a good time to create one! You can do it before you place your order or when you fill you basket and start checking out. Can I customize my gift?top
Absolutely! We love to customize. We have a selection of boxes you can customize online. If you'd like to change one ingredient in another box, or create a gift box from scratch, we can help with that, too. We can even include your own materials or logos, if you like.
Ring 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we'll take care of you.
For many reasons we recommend using our recipes, especially for gift baskets, since they're designed to look nice upon arrival. But we understand there are many special needs you may have. We want to help!What gift packaging options do I have?top
We package our gifts in three different ways. The choice is described in the description of the gift.
Wisconsin Cheese Box, aka the ZingCrate
Dufeck, in Denmark, Wisconsin, is that state's last wooden cheese box maker - and perhaps the last in the country. Now in its fourth generation, the folks there have been peeling wood veneer off local trees to make round boxes for cheddar since 1912. The crates are handsome, sturdy and - beyond holding foods like our Classic Sour Cream Coffee Cake - quite handy for storing sewing supplies, old photos and antique socks.
Zingerman's Cartoon Boxes
Thick-walled recycled cardboard boxes, covered in cartoons of cowboys, octopi, monkeys, flying loaves of bread and more. The largest holds our most popular gift box, The Weekender. And cats.
Baskets
Classic woven gift baskets, like we use for our Ultimate Gift Basket.Do you sell gift cards?top
Plastic or electronic, we sell both.
Redeemable at any Zingerman's business, they never expire and we don't charge fees as they age.
Check your Zingerman's gift card balance here.What happens if the product I want is "sold out"?top
When will it be back in stock?
Usually we have a pretty good idea of when the next shipment of a "sold out" item will be arriving at our doors. If you don't see that information online yet, you can email service@zingermans.com or call 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 to find out.
Why is it sold out?
We source most of the food we sell from artisan producers. Some of them are located far away and we directly import from them a few times a year. Some are much closer — Zingerman's Bakehouse is just down the street — and we order from them almost every day.
Almost all of them make their products in small batches and encounter the difficult problems of being a small food maker. Sometimes we ring to place an order and they're just plain out of stock. Mother Nature wreaks havoc on raw materials. Supplies run out or are inconsistent. And so on.
We try not to keep a lot of stock in our warehouse. That's not because we're being stingy. Many of our producers make or package to order. By ordering in small amounts, what you get to enjoy is much more fresh.I know something you should stock!top
We'd love to hear about it!
Email Mo at moeats@zingermans.com.Can I send something from another Zingerman’s business?top
Usually, yes! Please call 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 or email service@zingermans.com.What's a Zingerman’s exclusive?top
Zingerman's exclusives are foods we acquire directly from the maker, usually family-owned businesses working on a very small scale. You can't find these items anywhere else but Zingerman's.Are you Kosher?top
Zingerman's is not a Kosher deli or bakery. We do sell some Kosher items made by others, however.How should I keep my bread?top
Heat before you eat
Even though your Zingerman’s bread may feel hard upon arrival it’s almost magical how well it returns to that “fresh-baked” status with a little time in the oven. Crispy, thick crust; soft, chewy crumb inside.
Starting with frozen bread? Let it defrost on the counter for 30 minutes, then follow these same directions.
Here’s how to make the magic happen:
Take the bread out of the bag
Pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees
Throw half, whole, or part of the loaf on the oven rack naked
Leave it til it's hot the whole way through--about 15 minutes
Take time to smell the roses, or, better, the sensual aroma coming out of your oven
Eat your loaf
To slice or not to slice
We recommend you slice loaves as you go. It keeps the mother loaf solid which protects it from drying. If you get on a roll and slice the whole loaf--or more than your guests eat--store slices in a plastic bag at room temperature but keep the unsliced loaf in paper.
Short term loaf storage
Store your loaf in its paper bag out of reach of hungry husbands, wily wives, clever kids. Don't put it in the fridge, it'll wreak havoc on the texture. If your loaf is sliced it's best to wrap it in a plastic bag so it doesn't dry out.
Freeze for longer life
If you don't plan on eating your bread right away, double bag the loaf--or part of it--in plastic and freeze. When you're ready to enjoy it remove the plastic bags and follow the heating steps above.
Bread nutrition information
Head here to find nutrition information on all our breads.How should I care for my cheese?top
If you had a conversation with your cheese it might declare a preference for weather more akin to winter in London than summer in Greece: moist and cool. We try to keep the cheeses accommodated in transit until they return to a place they like—your fridge—but during the trip things are a bit out of our control. These are handmade cheeses that many people aren't used to seeing so it might mean you have a few questions. Here are some answers to those most frequently asked. Got a question that's not answered here? Please give us a ring at 888.636.8162!
Is it safe to eat?
Cheese is an ancient way to preserve extra milk. It's been made for centuries, long before we could extend fresh milk's life with refrigeration. A little warmth is something it's built to handle. Your cheese may be strong, intense, delicious, but it won't hurt you. Dig in and enjoy! If you have any concerns, though, don't hesitate to ring us.
How should I store it?
Cheeses love temperatures around 50 degrees, but chances are it didn't travel at that temperature. In winter it is cooler. In summer, hotter. Don't worry, cheese is durable. It won't go bad. Place it in the door of your refrigerator soon. That's usually the spot closest to 50 degrees. (The freezer will damage your cheese. Save that compartment for bread & pastries.)
After we hand-cut each piece of cheese to order in our cheese cave, we pack them in bags made of special cheese paper. The paper allow the cheese to breathe which helps it to maintain great flavor. Keep the cheese in that bag in your fridge to help it keep better for longer.
How should I serve it?
Give your cheese 20 to 30 minutes to come to room temperature before you serve it. It makes a world of difference, the flavors become fuller.
What's that smell?
When you open a wrapped piece of cheese that's been closed in a box for two days the aroma can be overwhelming. The tight quarters don't let it breathe well. Don't worry. Give it a half hour of fresh air when you want to eat it. It will smell sweet and nutty.
What's that oil?
That's just moisture leaking out. Cheesemongers call it weeping, which sounds sad, but it's natural and there's no need for condolences. Just wipe your wedge with a cloth.
What's up with the dark edge on the cheese?
That's partly due to air reaching it, partly due to a bit of natural weeping. It concentrates the cheese's flavor. It's edible, munch away!How should I care for my baked goods or coffee cake?top
All of our pastries and coffee cakes are baked without preservatives. You'll want to eat them soon (generally by the best-by date on the package), or...
Short term storage
Almost all of our pastries and coffee cakes are happy at room temperature for a few days or more wrapped in plastic, be it the packaging they arrived in or a bag at home. Avoid the refrigerator, it can ruin the texture.
Long term storage
All of our baked goods freeze well. You can store them in the freezer in their original packaging or, if they've been opened, double wrapping in plastic bags will do the trick.
After the freezer
Let them defrost at room temperature in plastic. That's all you need to do--though with some pastries like scones, a little time in an oven will make them extra delicious.How should I keep my olive oil?top
As a very flexible rule, extra virgin olive oil can be stored for about a year. Keep it in a relatively cool, dark place. Heat and light are enemies, so stay away from window sills and stove sides. There's no need to refrigerate, in fact, we recommend you avoid it.How do you know your olive oil is real and unadulterated?top
Every couple years it seems a big news story breaks that warns us of the dangers of adulterated extra virgin olive oil. The oils in these stories come from producers who are blending olive oils from many sources, mixing less expensive oils, possibly not from the region they say they are, possibly not extra virgin. By doing so they cut costs, but they also drastically cut the quality of the oil. While these diluted olive oils are no longer Extra Virgin Olive Oils, that's what their label says. This is totally illegal, but it's not uncommon in the Big Olive Oil Industry.
So how do we know that Zingerman's olive oils aren't subject to this kind of adulteration? For starters, we don't buy from the Big Olive Oil Industry. We don't really even buy from the Medium Olive Oil Industry. With very few exceptions, we're buying our oils from farmers directly. They make olive oil using only the olives grown on their own estates. Most produce only a couple thousand bottles annually, as compared to the millions of bottles that come from the big companies, and they laugh at the idea that they're importing containers of cheap oil to make a buck. We've visited most of them and, frankly, when you see the small scale of their production and the handiwork that goes into it, it's no surprise that they're baffled.
Last but not least, we taste every single olive oil many times a year to make sure that the quality is still up to snuff. You really can taste the difference.Recipe: Mo's basic vinaigrettetop
I make this at home a couple of times a week rather than use bottled salad dressing. It's super quick--maybe two minutes at most, shorter than it'll take you to read this--and tastes a lot better.  The main ingredients are always the same but I add different combinations of optional additions to keep things interesting.
Main Ingredients
1 tsp vinegar, like Pofi
2-3 tsp extra virgin olive oil, like Zingerman's Peranzana
Pinch of natural sea salt, like French fleur de sel
A couple of grinds of Tellicherry black pepper
Optional Additions
A bit of finely chopped shallot
A tiny bit of finely chopped fresh garlic
Mustard, usually Dijon
Red pepper, like Marash or Urfa
Herbs, like chives, chervil or thyme
Small squeeze of citrus
Instructions
Splash the vinegar in a bowl with the salt and pepper and let the salt dissolve. Whisk in any optional additions with fork tines or a small whisk. Now for a bit of acrobatics. Drizzle oil with one hand while whisking with the other.  Stop short and taste. If it's too tart add some more oil.
Serving
Make the vinaigrette before you eat and dress the greens immediately before they go to the plate. If you need to wait a bit between making the vinaigrette and dining, you can cross the serving utensils in the bowl and lay the greens on top so they don't soak and wilt.
Mix your fresh, dry greens with the vinaigrette directly in the bowl with your hands.  If you like it peppery finish with another grind of Tellicherry Pepper.
Serves 2-4, depending on how well dressed you like your salad.How should I care for my salami?top
Your salami may have a natural, sticky white mold on it and that's OK. It's what helped it age and get so flavorful. It's edible, but you can also wash it off with a bit of vinegar and water if you'd like. If a little mold returns in time it's a good sign.
We don't necessarily ship salami with ice packs. It's OK, the salami is totally safe. It's cured so it's healthy and happy at warm temperatures. To prolong its life at home keep it refrigerated. But hours or even days at warmer temperatures won't harm it a bit.Do you wholesale?top
We do not wholesale products we do not make. We'd be happy to help you find a source for them, however. Email us or ring 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we'll do our best.
If you're interested in what we do make we'd love to talk. Visit any of our wholesale business websites to learn more.
Zingerman's Bakehouse
Hearth-baked breads and traditional pastries.
Zingerman's Candy Manufactory
Old fashioned candy bars and confections.
Zingerman's Coffee Company
Varietal coffees, roasted in small batches.
Zingerman's Creamery
Fresh and aged artisan cheeses.When do you ship orders?top
We'll describe our website's default ship date settings below. But you can always override the defaults: you can choose to ship at a later date, you can pick your preferred arrival date.
Order before 5pm ET (2pm PT) and we'll default to ship the same day almost every business day of the year, Monday through Friday.
Order after 5pm ET and we'll ship the following business day.
Is there any time you can't ship the same day till 5pm ET?
Yes. Sometimes we are full up, booked to capacity, we can't ship any more orders, and then we might not be able to ship your order on the same day and it'll ship the next day. That's rare. Outside of the busiest days of the year, which are the weeks leading up to Christmas, it almost never happens. If you've got something terribly urgent you can always give us a call and we'll try to help at 888.636.81.62.When do deliveries happen?top
Any day of the week except Sunday.
We cannot always offer a Monday delivery because some perishable products can't travel over the weekend. Can you describe shipping methods in plain English?top
We offer a variety of shipping options, including Four Business Day Relaxed, Two Business Day, One Business Day Overnight, and Saturday Delivery.
Four Business Day Relaxed shipments arrive within four business days. We say business days because, if a weekend is involved, an extra two days are tacked on.
Two Business Day shipments will arrive within two business days. We say "within" because sometimes the UPS or FedEx hit turbo boost and the box arrives in just one day. These almost never get weekends tacked on like the Relaxed method above because if a perishable item needs 2 day shipping, tacking on a weekend won't work. This means, for the most part, we only ship 2 day orders on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. If you place your 2 day order after 5pm ET on Wednesday we will ship it out the following Monday to arrive by the following Wednesday.
Two Day Saturday will arrive on Saturday. If you place your order by 5pm ET on Thursday, we will ship it to arrive the same week. If you place your order after 5pm ET on Thursday, we will ship it the following week for delivery on the following Saturday.
One Business Day shipments will arrive within one business day. If you place your order by 5pm ET on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we default to ship your box the same day for arrival the next day. If you place your order after 5pm ET, we will default to ship your box the next possible business day (e.g. if you place your order after 5pm on Thursday when Thursday boxes have flown the coop, we will ship your box the following Monday to arrive the following Tuesday).
One Business Day Priority arrives before 1pm. It's an option for most zip codes but not all.
Priority Overnight Saturday ships Friday for Saturday arrival. It's an option for most zip codes but not all. What are your shipping rates?top
Merchandise Total Per AddressFour Business Day RelaxedTwo Business DayTwo Day Saturday DeliveryOne Business DayOne Business Day PriorityOvernight Saturday Delivery0 to $25$10.99$13.99$23.99$30.99$40.99$50.99$25.01 to $50$10.99$17.99$27.99$33.99$43.99$53.99$50.01 to $75$10.99$19.99$29.99$38.99$48.99$58.99$75.01 to $100$10.99$22.99$32.99$42.99$52.99$62.99$100.01 to $125$10.99$27.99$37.99$46.99$56.99$66.99$125.01 to $150$10.99$36.99$46.99$50.99$60.99$70.99$150.01 and up$10.9925%25% + $1035%35% + $1035% + $20Merchandise Total Per Address$0 to $25Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$13.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$23.99One Business Day$30.99One Business Day Priority$40.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$50.99$25.01 to $50Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$17.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$27.99One Business Day$33.99One Business Day Priority$43.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$53.99$50.01 to $75Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$19.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$29.99One Business Day$38.99One Business Day Priority$48.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$58.99$75.01 to $100Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$22.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$32.99One Business Day$42.99One Business Day Priority$52.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$62.99$100.01 to $125Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$27.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$37.99One Business Day$46.99One Business Day Priority$56.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$66.99$125.01 to $150Four Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day$36.99Two Day Saturday Delivery$46.99One Business Day$50.99One Business Day Priority$60.99Overnight Saturday Delivery$70.99$150.01 and upFour Business Day Relaxed$10.99Two Business Day25%Two Day Saturday Delivery25% + $10One Business Day35%One Business Day Priority35% + $10Overnight Saturday Delivery35% + $20
Alaska and Hawaii
Add $10 to above rates.
Can I choose the date my box arrives?top
Yes! When you check out you can choose the arrival date you'd like. We'll make sure it is delivered no later than that date.
You can view the calendar to select your preferred arrival date and the associated shipping cost by clicking "Need it to arrive on a different date?" link on the page with your shipping options. You can advance to any future month by clicking the arrow > in the upper right.
You can't choose an arrival date in the past because we have not yet been able to perfect time travel.
What does "on or before" mean?
We guarantee that your package will arrive on or before the date you choose. The arrival date is the latest possible delivery date in a delivery window. Depending on the shipping method, your package may arrive slightly earlier than the date you pick.
$10.99 Flat Rate packages have 1-4 business day delivery window. The package could arrive in 1,2,3 or 4 business days. That means it could arrive one to three business days before the "on or before" arrival date.
Two Business Day packages have a 1-2 business day delivery window. The package could arrive in 1 day or it might take 2. That means it could arrive one business day before the "on or before" arrival date.
One Business Day Overnight packages are guaranteed to arrive on the selected arrival date.
What if I need a smaller delivery window?
You can choose to upgrade your shipping to either Two Business Day or One Business Day Overnight shipping to have more control over when your box is likely to arrive.
Why can't I choose some dates?
Our carriers can't deliver our packages on Sunday.
Saturday delivery is available in most areas, but not all.
Delivery by tomorrow is only available for order placed before 5pm ET Monday through Friday. What is "flat rate" shipping?top
Wherever you see Ships for Flat Rate the item is eligible for $10.99 flat rate shipping.
The charge is per address. You can order as much as you'd like and pay one flat rate.
When you check out you'll learn when the items will arrive (usually 4 business days at most).
If you need it there quicker, you can choose to upgrade to our guaranteed 1 or 2 business day service when you check out.
Flat rate to Alaska and Hawaii is $20.99.Do you require a signature when the box arrives?top
Nope. We authorize our carriers to leave your package at the recipient's address without a signature. That way the recipient doesn't have to be home to accept it and the food doesn't suffer from multiple delivery attempts.Do you deliver on Saturday?top
When we can, yes. Our carriers do not offer this service to all locations. If it is available, you'll be offered a date on your checkout calendar. If you have any questions, email service@zingermans.com or call 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we'll help!Do you ship boxes out of your warehouse on Saturdays and Sundays?top
Sorry, no. We don't ship on weekends. We ship Monday through Friday. If you place your order after 5pm ET Friday we will ship your order on Monday—or whenever you want after that.Can you ship internationally?top
We can send food to all 50 states and Washington D.C. Unfortunately, we can't send Zingerman's internationally.
We'd like to help you find someone who can help you. Email service@zingermans.com or call 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we can help.What's "warm weather care"?top
From late September to the end of March, you can skip right past this FAQ entry.
From early April to mid September, we charge $10 additional shipping cost per shipping address for boxes shipping via Two Business Day Delivery with foods like cheese, meat and chocolate (but there's no additional charge for Flat Rate or Overnight shipping). That's the Warm Weather Care.
Why?
Warm weather strikes each summer and wreaks havoc on perishable, melt-able food, like cheeses, meats and chocolates. It's hot in delivery trucks and warehouses even if it isn't too warm at the recipient's address. We employ an ice pack and insulation defensive strategy that ensures your shipment arrives in great shape.The extra packaging is reusable on picnics and road trips.
What to expect
We use dry ice and ice packs that we add to insulated enveloped, jute cooler, or Evergreen pouch to protect your food in transit. Dry ice will evaporate, ice packs may melt, but they will have done their job or keeping your food cold. Can you ship to P. O. Boxes?top
We can't ship perishable products to P.O. Boxes, unfortunately. Our carriers can't deliver to them.
If you're concerned that all you have is a P.O. Box, here are some frequently asked questions with answers that might be helpful.
What if I have a Rural Route Number?
Rural Route numbers are OK, our carriers deliver to them. Sometimes people confuse the two. Rural routes start with "R.R."
What if I'm not shipping perishables?
If you have non-perishables (things in bottles or tins, usually) we can often send them by USPS to a P.O. Box. Please give us a ring at 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we can help you.
Do they have a street address at all?
Every house in America has a street address that any shipper can reach. It may not be the most common way to describe the address, but it almost always exists.
Can I ship to a neighbor?
Absolutely. If they promise not to gobble all the food!
What other addresses can I ship to?
If there's a UPS store or a Fed Ex office in the recipient's area we can arrange to ship there and they can pick it up. Many customers choose to ship to a work address.Can you ship to APO and FPO addresses?top
We can ship a limited selection of foods to APO and FPO addresses via the United States Postal Service Priority Mail. We cannot take these orders online but are very happy to help you by phone at 888.636.8162 or text us 734.436.2006 and we'll help.
As you choose your foods, keep a few things in mind.
It can take up to two weeks for delivery.
The USPS doesn't guarantee delivery within a certain time frame, so sending perishables is too risky.
We cannot send meats, cheeses, breads, coffees, and most baked goods.
Glass bottles and jars are also risky for breakage as these packages tend to get very rough treatment.
Per address, shipping charges are estimated USPS rates.Do you deliver to Alaska & Hawaii?top
We can ship to Alaska and Hawaii. Shipments to these two states cost $10 extra per address.
There are some quirks about shipping to these two states.
Flat Rate Shipping takes up to five business days
For our non-perishable foods that qualify for Flat Rate Shipping, the extra day in transit won't make a difference.
Two Days takes Three Days
Shipping by Two Business Day Service to Alaska and Hawaii takes three days. Not all our foods can last three days in transit. If your cart contains a food that won't make it in three days, we'll require One Business Day Overnight Service (that's what our carriers call it, but it may actually take two business days to arrive).
5pm Tuesday Deadline for delivery in the same week
We don't ship Two Business Day packages over the weekend in order to protect the food. That means the deadline for a same-week delivery to Alaska or Hawaii is Tuesday, 5pm Eastern Time. Orders placed by 5pm ET on Tuesday can ship that same day to arrive by Friday.
Very Rural Exceptions
Shipping by Two Business Day isn't available to all parts of either state. In those cases we must ship by Priority Overnight. That service is not guaranteed to take one business day, however. I know, it confuses us, too. But we're here to help you sort this out: call us at 888.636.8162 or text 734.436.2006 and we'll help.What options do you have for local delivery in Ann Arbor?top
Local delivery in the Ann Arbor, MI area is available in two ways:
1.  Order online and use our standard delivery options. This is the cheapest method for most orders.
2.  If you'd prefer to use our local courier we can arrange that by phone at 888.636.8162 or by text at 734.436.2006.Can I pick up my order at your warehouse?top
Picking up your order at our warehouse is free, so it can save some money by skipping the shipping cost. Our warehouse is located at 720 Phoenix Drive in Ann Arbor, MI.
Arrange your pick up by phone at 888.636.8162 or choose "pick up from our warehouse" online during checkout.
Why doesn't bread ship for flat rate?top
When we ship flat rate we allow our carriers leeway with their delivery dates. They can take up to a week to deliver (though it's usually sooner). That's something that's OK to do with foods that are durable. Unfortunately, bread isn't. It perishes sooner, so we ship with a guaranteed arrival date by Two Business Day service.How can I track my package?top
In the wee hours of the morning the night after your box ships, we'll send a tracking email to you. From that email, you can click through to track your package on the carrier's website. You can also cut and paste the tracking number into the carrier's website directly.
If you have an account on our website, you can also track your package once it has shipped by logging into your account, going to My Account, and then going to your Order History. Choose the order you want to track and you'll find tracking information right at your fingertips.
There are a couple of exceptions to this rule. If you order gift cards or books, they'll ship via USPS, and there won't be any tracking information.
Get super delicious emails
New foods, discounts, love letters.
Help
Track your shipment
Shipping info
All help
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
888.636.8162
service@zingermans.com
Live Chat
Text 734.436.2006
See What's Up
The Feed
About Us
What is Zingerman's?
Our websites
Request a catalog
Business Gifts
866.260.6169
bizgifts@zingermans.com
Learn more
Great foodjust flew to
Fort Wayne, Indiana
Our Unbeatable Guarantee
If you are not pleased with any aspect of your order, please let us know.
We'll quickly replace it or refund your hard earned cash.
And you never, ever have to return anything.
Read more