http://www.tribestlife.com/pages/store-policies#Orders
Cart
Close
Products
Juicers
Blenders
Sprouters
Dehydrators
Kitchen Tools
Electric Appliances
Cutlery
Glass Storage Containers
Grain Mills
Wellness Products
Humidifier
Essential Oils
Supplements
Books
Commercial-Grade Products
Refurbished Products
Parts & Accessories
Juicer Parts
Blender Parts
Sprouter Parts
Dehydrator Parts
Other Parts
About
Recipes
Warranty Registration
Support
Warranty Registration
User Manuals
Parts & Accessories
International Distributors
Affiliate Program
Store Policies
Contact Us
Contact Us
Home
/
Store Policies and Agreements
Tribest® Store Policies and Agreements Prices, specifications, and terms are subject to change without notice. Tribest® is not responsible for errors in typography and/or photography.Customer pays return shipping on all services.ReturnsShippingOrdersPaymentPrivacyReturn PolicyUnused items (unopened and unwashed) and items returned for verifiable manufacturing defects may be returned within 30 days of delivery, for 100% refund on the cost of the returned items. Shipping fees for any other returns are not refundable. There are no refunds for returned books or videos. All food products, supplement products, sprouting seeds, soybeans, hydrogen peroxide, essential oils, personal care products, and books are final sale. There is a 15% re-stocking fee for used items or items that are not in new condition.Note: Tribest Corporation can only accept returns for merchandise purchased directly from Tribest. Returns for items purchased from other vendors will not be accepted. For items not purchased directly from tribest.com or tribestlife.com, please contact the vendor you purchased from for their return policies.Returns & Exchanges• Call 1 (888) 254-7336 (USA) or (714) 879-7150 (local) to receive a Return Authorization Number. Returns will not be accepted without prior authorization. Place the Return Authorization Number prominently on the return label of the shipping carton.
• All returned items must be in unused condition and must be accompanied by all original contents. Missing contents will result in a reduced credit amount. All warranty cards must be left blank. Merchandise must be returned in original manufacturer's box that has not been defaced or altered in any way.
• Purchaser is responsible for shipping to our warehouse at: 1143 North Patt Street, Anaheim, CA 92801, USA.
If a product is being sent in for warranty service and repairs, the customer is liable for the shipment of the unit to our warranty service center. Please note that free return shipping for warranty claims are only applicable for addresses within the 48 contiguous states in the United States.
• Credit for returns are usually processed within 30 days from the date we receive the merchandise, and posted to the appropriate credit account.Shipping PolicyWe try to get your orders out as quickly as possible but please note that there may be processing delays in shipping during the holidays and peak shopping days. Further delays may occur if items are out of stock or if there is a problem with payment verification. Orders are processed Monday-Friday (Business Days) and we do not ship Saturdays, Sundays, or holidays. Weekends and holidays do not count as business days and are not counted in the estimated shipping time. Changes can only be made within 1 hour of placing an order. Please note that Tribest is not responsible for lost or stolen packages.
Expedited orders (orders shipped via 3 Day, 2nd Day, or Next Day Air) are given priority in handling and will be processed the same day if received before 10:00 AM., Pacific Time. Expedited orders received after 10:00 AM., Pacific Time, will be processed the next business day. If you need to receive your package by a specific date, you can always contact customer service for help in choosing the right shipping method to get it there on time.Shipping Rates & ServicesFor Contiguous US:
We offer the following FedEx shipping methods:Shipping MethodsEstimated Time of ArrivalFedEx Ground2–7 business daysFedEx Express Saver3 business daysFedEx 2-Day2 business daysFedEx Priority OvernightNext business dayFedEx Freight3-5 business daysUSPS is available upon request by calling us at 1 (888) 254-7336
or emailing service@tribest.com.For Non-Contiguous US & APO/FPO addresses:
We offer FedEx Smart Post and USPS.Parts & Accessories:Standard shipping for most small and/or lightweight parts and accessories is $5.International OrdersShop Tribest products by visiting our international distributors page and selecting your country. You may also email service@tribest.com to place an order with us.Free Shipping PromotionGet FREE standard shipping to the 48 contiguous United States on orders $150 or more (excluding non-contiguous U.S. and APO/FPO addresses) after any promo codes, discounts, or coupons are applied. Inventory availability may affect delivery time. For non-contiguous U.S. and APO/FPO addresses, we offer Fedex SmartPost and USPS. Orders shipping to Alaska and Hawaii and expedited orders will be charged at the prevailing rate. Only the product subtotal (of qualified products) may be applied to the order calculation. Taxes and regular shipping rates cannot be used to calculate the $150.00 subtotal. Tribest Professional® Dessert Equipment, Cancan® Automatic Fruit Juicers, Sproutman® Sprouting Seeds, and SunJewels® Soybeans are not qualified toward the $150 subtotal.For international orders, please visit our international distributors page or email us at service@tribest.com.
Still not sure, or need to know more? Email us at service@tribest.com. We're always happy to help!Changing OrdersYou may request a change to your order ONLY within 1 hour of placing the order. If you contact us past 1 hour of the order submitted, then no further changes can be made. Please call and email us during business hours to change your order, and always have your order number ready. Please call customer service at 1 (888) 254-7336 and email us at service@tribest.com.Cancelling OrdersYou may request a cancellation of your order ONLY within 1 hour of placing the order. If you contact us past 1 hour of the order submitted, then no further changes can be made. Please call and email us during business hours to cancel your order, and always have your order number ready. Please call customer service at 1 (888) 254-7336 and email us at service@tribest.com.Back OrdersAny items that are unavailable will be placed on back order, and the remainder of your order will be shipped. Your order will be promptly shipped as soon as the product arrives. No additional shipping fees will be charged.
Order StatusTribest will confirm your order via e-mail, once it is received. You can also check the status of your order by logging into your customer account.
Accepted Payment MethodsCredit Cards Accelerated Payments VisaShop Pay MastercardApple Pay American Express Google Pay DiscoverAmazon Pay JCBPayPalDiners ClubSorry, we do not accept International credit cards at the moment.Sales TaxSales tax of 7.75% is required for California residents.
PrivacyTribest® respects your privacy. We will not under any circumstances sell or release your information to anyone, unless it is required to process your transaction. For example, we may share your customer information to our shipping carrier so that items can be shipped to your location. All of the information obtained from our website will be used for processing purposes only. The only e-mail you will receive from Tribest® are updates to any recent orders.
As you browse tribestlife.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with tribestlife.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Please visit this page for additional privacy policy terms. SecurityWhether you are placing an order by phone or the internet, security is our number one priority. All on-line transactions are sent through our secure server and encrypted with 128-bit technology. Once the information is received through the internet or by phone, trusted authorized employees will process your payment, and make sure that your information is handled with the highest level of security and care.