https://www.chuckthomas.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy Statement and Terms of Use
of Chuck Thomas Enterprises chuckthomas.com
Updates to Chuck Thomas Enterprises
Privacy Statement and Terms Of Service - 24 May 2018
You have probably been bombarded with lots of emails lately
from various websites notifying you of updates related to GDPR.
GDPR or
General Data Protection regulation is a set of laws
passed by the European Union or EU to establish requirements
for companies that come in contact with personal data of
European Union residents.
These GDPR regulations applies to
organizations that process personal data of persons located in
the European Union. Each company or entity must analyze
their own practices to determine if the GDPR applies
to their situation.
More information about the GDPR
can be found here: https://www.eugdpr.org/
How We use your personal information
We only use the personal information
obtained from you to respond to,
and fill
your request for our products.
We will not sell, trade or rent your personal information
to others without
first obtaining your consent,
unless required to do so by law.
Accuracy of your information
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all
personal information we hold
is as accurate as is possible.
We retain the right to contact you
first by email and then by phone,
if we cannot verify your address to
ensure accurate delivery of your order.
You have the right to contact us at
any time if you feel the information
we
have about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Security of personal information
We use security procedures and technology to
protect the personal information
we hold.
Our Shopping Cart Vendor, Americommerce ™
has procedures in place to prevent loss,
unauthorized access, use, modification,
disclosure or other misuse of your
We comply with security requirements of the Credit Card
Companies whose cards
we accept for payment.
Information gathered on this web site
When you browse, read or download information
from our web site, we may monitor
or have third party companies monitor our
web site (including using 'cookies')
in order to identify shopper trends. This will assist us
in improving your
shopping experience.
If we do so, the information obtained will not
contain the shopper's individual
details.
Links to Other Web Sites
We cannot provide any assurances or take any responsibility
for the privacy practices of web sites to which we provide links.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to it's users
based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting
the Google ad
and content network privacy policy.
Accessing your personal information
You have the right to request a review of your information.
We will supply full access to your personal information,
however, in some cases
there may be
legal or administrative reasons that prevent your access.
If access is denied,
then we will supply a full explanation.
Contact us if you have concerns about any Privacy
Concern issue not covered
by our policy.
Chuck Thomas Enterprises
Shop ONLINE 24/7
Phone
412-885-7091
MC VISA DISCOVER and PAYPAL
Serving Collectors
Worldwide Since 1989
Chuck Thomas Enterprises Directory
Penguins | Pirates | Steelers | Pitt
Rolling Rock | Autographs | View Cart
Buying | Questions | Contact Us
Page Top | Search | Home
Copyright © 1997-2020
Chuck Thomas
Enterprises All Rights Reserved
Trademarks, Brands and Logos Presented
Are The Property of Their Respective
Owners