http://www.arthurprice.com/privacy-policy
Cutlery
Categories
Arthur Price of England
Titanic Luxury Cutlery
Arthur Price Signature
Arthur Price Everyday Classics
Vintage
Special Offers
Cabinets and Care
Luxury Cutlery Cabinets
Silver Care
Collections
Clive Christian
Sophie Conran
Monsoon
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
For The Home
Categories
For The Table
Collections
Sophie Conran Tableware
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
Gifts
Arthur Price
Arthur Price of England – Drink Accessories
Arthur Price of England – Home
General
Cherish Frames
Sophie Conran Gifts
Silverware Cleaning Products
Wine & Drink Accessories
Gift Vouchers
Wedding Gift Guide
Children's Corner
For Children
Childrens Gifts
Cherish Me
Bambino
Christmas gifts
Festive Mugs
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
About Us
Company
Family Tree
Collaborations
Timeline
The Cutler’s Tale
How it all began
Family Values
Arthur Bear
Stockists
Information
Care and Guarantee
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
Hotel Services
Blog
Special Offers
Sample Service
Gift Vouchers
During the Coronavirus crisis, we have a smaller team to process orders so you may experience a slight delay of a few days on your order being sent out. Last date for Christmas deliveries will be Thursday 17th December. Stay safe.
Privacy Policy
This policy may be updated from time to time to ensure we always remain compliant with the current legislation. Our website www.arthurprice.com should be checked to ensure you are receiving the latest version.
This privacy policy applies to any personal data that we hold about living individuals.
It does not apply to information we have on file regarding other companies and organisations.
Arthur Price takes the privacy of personal data very seriously and will only use personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation legislation in the UK and which we have had written permission to use from the data subject.
Ways we may obtain personal data about youIf you contact us directly, via the company website or our company customer services teams.Through applying for one of our products or services.Or simply by making an enquiry or some other request.
These are some of the ways we may use the information which we receive from you or third parties, or from information about the way you use the company products or services; this information may be used for the following purposes once we have your permission to use it. Including but not limited to:
Providing information to enable the company to manage products or services you may have asked for.
Helping us to identify you when you make contact with us.
Helping the company improve the quality of its products or services.
Helping the company detect and prevent fraudulent actions and money laundering.
Helping the company in the recovery of outstanding debts.
Carrying out analysis and customer profiling in order to help the company Identify other products and services which may be of interest to you or your associates.
We may use customer data to keep you informed and up to date about our products and services
The company may share your data and information with other organisations some of which are detailed below [however, this list is not exhaustive]:Our other group companies in both the UK and other EU countries.
Our company service providers and agents who perform services on behalf of the company, such as marketing agencies and data management companies.
There may be occasions when we pass on your data to other third parties or organisations, for example:
If we have been asked to provide information for legal or regulatory purposes
In relation to existing or future legal proceedings.
In the process of selling one or more of our businesses, or to anyone whom we may transfer our rights under any written customer agreement we have with you.
For the purpose of preventing fraudulent dealings or loss, for example, it may be passed to fraud prevention agencies.
Informing you about the company products and services:
There may be times when we use your information and data to contact you with news regarding products or services provided or sold by Arthur Price, and products and services provided by our group companies.
Contact with you may be made by ourselves or other group companies via post, phone, e-mail, SMS or other secure electronic methods.
image
Opting out of receiving marketing communications from us on products and services can be done by:
Writing to us at Arthur Price & Co. Limited, Britannia Way Lichfield, Staffordshire WS14 9UY
Or Emailing us at arthurprice@denfield.co.uk
If you have provided us with your agreement to use your personal data and subsequently wish to withdraw that permission, you can do so by contacting us at the above address, once we receive your request the Company will ensure your data is erased and confirm this to you.
Legal Entities
Arthur Price & Co. Limited