http://www.shopjessicalouise.com/pages/cookies-policy
Home
Art
Gift Card
Catalog
Tops
All Tops
Casual
Hoodies & Pullovers
Tank Tops
Tee Shirts
Sweaters
Dressy Tops
Capes & Capelets
Fashionable Tops
Accessories
All Accessories
Artwork & Prints
Badges & Pins
Embroidered Patches
Face Masks
Gloves & Scarves
Hair Accessories
Hats
Sock Garters
Socks & Tights
Stickers
Wallets & Purses
Dresses
All Dresses
Slip Dresses & Extenders
Special Collection
Bottoms
Sale Items
Cookies Policy
Jessica Louise respects your privacy and we aim to keep you informed about how we gather and use your information. This Cookie Policy sets out what you need to know about the cookies and similar technologies that we use and why we use them. You should also read our Privacy Policy to find out what we do with the information we gather from this website.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here. We reserve the right to vary this policy from time to time and such changes are effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the website constitutes your agreement to all such changes.
If you do not accept the use of these cookies, please disable them following the instructions in this cookie Policy.
1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
1.1 Like many companies, we use "cookies" on this website. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that may be placed on your browser when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to improve your experience of our website. We only use cookies to provide the specific services you request, to remember your preferences and to improve and update our website. For example, we use cookies to remember your preferences, preserve the contents of your virtual shopping bag between visits and to allow you to navigate more efficiently between our pages. We also use cookies to measure activity on the website and determine which areas and features of the website are the most popular ones.
1.2 The cookies we use do not typically contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
1.3 Websites use various types of cookies to fulfil many functions. Depending on the function they need to achieve, cookies may be temporary; staying on your device only for the duration of your browsing session (“session cookies”) or permanently placed on your device memory (“persistent cookies”) to remember your preferences. Cookies may be placed by the operators of the website you are visiting or by other operators setting cookies through that website (“third party cookies”).
2. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE ON THIS WEBSITE?
2.1 We use both session and persistent cookies on our website. There may also be third party cookies operation on this site. Any cookie we use will fit into one of the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
2.2 These cookies are essential in order to allow you to move around the website safely and use all its features. For example, without these cookies you would not be able to use the shopping basket function, pay for your goods using e-billing or access secure areas of the website. Fred Perry uses these cookies to enable the services on our website that you have specifically requested. Generally, these cookies will only stay on your browser for the length of your browsing session and once you close your browser, the cookies will be deleted. This category of cookies should not be disabled. If you use your browser settings to block these strictly necessary cookies, we cannot guarantee your security or predict how our website will perform during your visit.
Examples: frontend.
Performance Cookies
2.3 These cookies collect general information about how our website is used in order to generate usage reports that allow us to improve the user experience and the quality of our site and service. Such analysis is conducted by other operators, so these are considered as third party cookies. In particular, we use Google Analytics to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and determine how visitors use this website. They collect aggregated user location and IP address information. These cookies will often be placed permanently on your browsers memory, unless you choose to delete them.
Functionality Cookies
2.4 These cookies allow us to offer you a customised browsing experience. They capture information such as the pages you have browsed or products you have viewed so that we can provide you with a great shopping experience. Functionality cookies allow websites to remember visitor choices and preferences. This means that a website can automatically set user selections like location, text size and user names and provide functions that a visitor requests such as posting comments. The information gathered by functionality cookies may be anonymised and will not be linked to information about how visitors use other websites.
Advertising Cookies and Third-party Advertising Cookies
2.5 You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Examples: Google Analytics cookies, Inspectlet cookies (__insp_uid, __insp_norec_sess, __insp_nv, __insp_slim, __insp_targlpt, __insp_targlpu, __insp_wid), ga, _gat, _gat_rollup, _gat_old_subculture, __unam, _gat_UA-10227276-1, _gat_UA-10227276-2, _gat_UA-10227276-3, _gat_UA-10227276-4, _gat_UA-10227276-9, atuvc and __atuvs.
3. HOW CAN YOU MANAGE OR DELETE COOKIES?
3.1 You can manage cookies through your web browser settings and/or by contacting the third parties below. If you continue to use our website without changing your settings, then you consent to our placing the categories of cookies we have listed above on your browser. If you decide to change your settings and disable cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features. For example, if you turn off strictly necessary cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make purchases on the website.
3.2 The following external links will explain you how to manage cookies for the most common browsers:
Cookie Settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie Settings in Google Chrome
Cookie Settings in Firefox
Cookie Settings in Safari
3.3 For more information on how to set your cookie preferences using your web browser, please see: www.allaboutcookies.org
3.4 If you would like to opt out of aggregation and analysis of data collected by companies like Google Analytics, please see here.
3.5 If you have any questions or comments about this Cookie Policy or about our Privacy Policy, please contact us as indicated below:
Contact form: here
Telephone: USA 213-489-1066
Email: victoria@jessicalouise.com
Address: 117 W 9th St #201 Los Angeles,CA 90015
Home
Gift Card
Catalog
Accessories
Tops
Dresses
Bottoms
Sale