http://www.bigfishclothing.co.uk/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to contentWant 10% off your first order?Join our mailing list and we'll send your exclusive discount code straight to your inbox! EmailOffer is only for new customers and does not apply to sale itemsFacebooktwitterTerms and ConditionsIn GeneralAccess to and the use of this website and the products are subject to the following terms & conditions and any notices.  By using this website you are agreeing to all these terms & conditions and any notices.  Therefore, you acknowledge that the Terms & Conditions may be updated by us from time to time. We store the contract's content and will send you the details of your order as well as our general terms via e-mail. You can find the terms here at all times. The details about your recent orders can be found in your customer login.Special OffersIn the event of any item returned for a refund, which relates to a product purchased within a special offer where a free gift is given away the free gift must also be returned otherwise the gift will be charged at the regular retail price.The free gift must also be returned for an item to be exchanged if the value of the exchange item is lower than the original product purchased.PromotionsWhere a discount is given on a order value ie 10% off on orders over £50.00 if items are returned for refund and the amount drops below the value then all items kept will be charged at the original cost.RegistrationAny person wishing to place an order with Big Fish Clothing is required to register as a customer.  The information required will be collected so that we can process your order quickly and accurately, please make sure all email addresses and daytime contact telephone numbers are entered correctly.Payments The payment card will be debited immediately after the order is accepted, if any item/order is cancelled then a refund will be credited back to your account. In the interests of preventing fraudulent use of credit/debit cards Big Fish Clothing will need to validate the names, addresses and other information supplied in regards to your order.  A third party may also be instructed to carry out any necessary checks. We may need to contact you either by phone, email or letter to verify details before we are able to dispatch your order or we may be unable to accept your order. All information provided will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. These procedures are taken to protect the card holder.Cheques should be made payable to Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd and posted to Big Fish Clothing, Guardian Centre, Drummond Street, Rotherham, S65 1DD.Privacy PolicyCan be found at Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to refuse any order. Refusals may be due to the following:-1. Error with pricing, product information or any promotion.2. We are unable to process payment.3. An item is out of stock. Right to cancel your orderYou may cancel your order and obtain a refund anytime within 30 days of reciept either by notifying us in writing, email or Telephone and returning the product back to us. (See Returns Info)Unfortuantely we cannot cancel your order until it has been recieved by you.Email (info@bigfishclothing.co.uk)  Telephone (0845 680 1008) PricesAll prices on the website include V.A.T.  Prices that are shown on the http://www.bigfishclothing.co.uk/ website are solely applicable online and are not applicable to the products found at the Big Fish Clothing Store.AvailabilityAll products shown are subject to availablity. If a order is placed where a item is out of stock then you will be contacted via phone or email, if no alternative is required then the item will be cancelled and refunded. However on certain lines we may put this item pending and dispatch when available usually within 10 working days.If the outstanding product/s is no longer available you will be notified as soon as is possible.Next Day DeliveryOnce you have placed your order you will be sent email confirmation and a further email when your order is dispatched. We will do our utmost to dispatch any order placed before 2pm Monday to Thursday on the same working day, any order placed after 2pm Thursday will be dispatched the following Monday (except where a bank holiday applies) then this will be Tuesday / Wednesday. The next day delivery service applies to UK mainland customers only although certain locations are excluded see below.Please note this service is not guaranteed. (we are sure you will understand sometimes circumstances arise that are out of our control)We use 3 main couriers Royal Mail, UK Mail and DPD a text message/email will be sent in regards to delivery time with orders sent via DPD & UK Mail. Your parcel will need to be signed for, although at times at the discretion of the drver may be left with a neighbour or in a secure place.Please note we do prefer for all parcels to be signed for but we understand that people lead busy lives, so there is a safe place option at the checkout.. however if you have requested a place of safety then we cannot be held responsible for any missing parcels.Delivery ChargesOur delivery charges are as follows, no matter how large or small your order is:UK mainland residents only excluding the Highlands of Scotland - Next Day Delivery £7.95UK mainland - Standard Delivery £5.95 Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, IOW, IOM, Scottish Islands & Channel Islands - Standard Delivery  £6.95Europe from £17.95USA & Australia £49.95.Next day delivery exceptions:- BT, GY, IM, IV, HS, JE, KA27-28, KW, PA20-49, PA60-78, PH17-26, PH30-44, PH49-50, TR21-25, ZE1-3 AB31-38, AB41-45, AB51-56, FK19-21,PH1-10, PH15-50Delivery charges will always apply even if certain items have sold out.Delivery will be attempted by the courier, any further delivery attempts or refusal is the responsibility of the customer and any charges incurred by Big Fish Clothing may be passed on to the customer. This applies to all deliveries, to all destinations thoughout the world.NONE RECEIPT OF PARCEL.If you have not received your parcel, then please notify us as soon as possible after the expected delivery day, the sooner we know the easier it is to resolve the matter. You have up to 30 days to contact us about non receipt, unfortunatley after this time we will be unable to proceed with any enquiry regarding the delivery. Offer CodesFree Delivery and any other offer codes are non-transferable and may not be used in conjunction with any other offer.All codes must be added at the time of ordering, otherwise will be forfeited.ReturnsIf you are not satisfied with any of our products you have purchased then simply notify us of their return within 14 days of receipt. This can be done in writing by sending an email to info@bigfishclothing.co.uk*Please note that all items must be returned to us with all relevent tickets attached in a unworn re salable condition* (this does not affect you statutory rights)Alternatively, you can return through our participating store, if you return the item via our store please take your receipt with you. £99 Free Delivery / Returns - If items are returned for refund and the order value drops below £99 then the standard delivery charge of £5.95 will apply .RefundsRefunds will normally be done within 14 days after we acknowledge receipt of the returned goods. The refund is for returned goods only. (This does not affect your statutory rights)Missing ItemsMissing items must be notified within 24hrs of receiving the order in order for any action to be taken.MisrepresentationWe reserve the right to refuse any order. Refusals may be due to the following:-1. Error with pricing, product information or any promotion.2. We are unable to process payment.3. An item is out of stock. We have a right to refuse any order if an issue of misrepresentation occurs. We make every effort to ensure that prices and product descriptions are accuarately entered. All sizes and measurements are approximate and advise customers to check the sizing chart, bare in mind that fittings may vary between brands. Variation of Content The color quality may differ from each individual color setting of your screen which means there may be a slight variation.  Utmost effort has been taken to ensure that the descriptions and colors are accurate as possible.  Therefore, Big Fish Clothing may amend or remove and content without notice to ensure accuracy.ProblemsIf you are dissatisfied in any way with your order, please call  (+44) 0845 680 1008  or email us on info@bigfishclothing.co.uk and our sales team will deal with your problem as swiftly as possible. We will try to answer all emails within 1 business day but during busy times this may take longer.From abroad, we recommend you send us an email and we will respond immediately.CopyrightAll material on this website is copyright © to Big Fish Clothing 2017. Visitors/Buyers may not copy, distribute, sell, publish, reproduce or re-incorporate any of the material by any means, electronic or otherwise for any purpose.   Supply & TerminationBig Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd may at any time suspend or withdraw any service or product without notice to you.