http://www.wirelessbuy.com/terms_and_privacy.php
x
Our Contact Center Hours are Currently Being Affected by the Covid-19 Situation. Please email support@wirelessbuy.com for the quickest response.
Content
Wireless Buy Service Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Wireless Buy Service Terms and Conditions
Back to top
Wireless Buy Mobile Service Terms and Conditions:
Effective May 1, 2018.
These Terms and Conditions ("T&Cs") are a legally binding agreement between you and Wireless Buy Inc, a Illinois based company, including its affiliates, assignees, and agents ("Wireless Buy"). Please read these T&Cs carefully. They cover important information about the Wireless Buy mobile phone services provided to you (the "Service"); your phone, handset, device, SIM card, data card, or other equipment or third party device which may be used with our Service (the "Devices"); and the fees, taxes, and other charges you pay us ("Charges"). These T&Cs include, among other provisions, fees for late payments, limitations of liability, agreements regarding privacy, and resolution of disputes by arbitration instead of in court.Wireless Buy reserves the right to change or modify any of these T&Cs at any time and in its sole discretion. Wireless Buy will provide 14 days notice of any material changes by posting the revised T&Cs on our website, and will also attempt to provide direct notice to you by email or text. Wireless Buy affiliate members are subject to additional terms as provided on the Wireless Buy affiliate pages. These T&Cs do not alter the terms of the Affiliate Member Agreement, or any other agreement the user may have with Wireless Buy.You and any authorized users on your account will have access to account information and may be able to make changes to the account. If you give your personal account validation information to someone, they can access and make changes to your account. Those changes will be binding on you. Authorized changes may require your agreement to new or revised T&Cs. You must provide accurate and truthful information when setting up an account, maintain security of the account and password, and you agree to notify Wireless Buy of any security breaches associated with your account. You agree to take responsibility for all activities that occur under this account.
1. Acceptance. Your Agreement with Wireless Buy starts when you accept. You represent that you are at least 18 years old and you are legally authorized to enter into this Agreement. You accept your Agreement by doing any of the following: (a) giving us a written or electronic signature, clicking the acceptance box during the online enrollment process or telling us orally that you accept; (b) activating Service; (c) using your Service after you make a change or addition; (d) paying for the Service; (e) opening the box or package of a Device or sim card purchased from Wireless Buy or any of its 3rd party partners or vendors ("Wireless Buy Device") ; or (f) failing to activate Service within 30 days after the initial purchase (a purchase of a Wireless Buy Device, unless returned within the Cancellation Period (as defined in Section 5)). IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO ACCEPT, THEN DO NOT DO ANY OF THESE THINGS AND IMMEDIATELY DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.
2. Wireless Buy Service, Wireless Buy is an Authorized T-Mobile Business Reseller. The Service includes wireless mobile phone service in the United States (including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands). This means the following: (a) voice service includes unlimited incoming calls and unlimited outgoing calls to any domestic U.S. phone number from inside the United States; (b) unlimited incoming text messages and unlimited outgoing texts to any domestic and select international mobile numbers (included international countries are listed below) from inside the United States, and picture and video messages within the United States; and (c) no additional charges regardless of the amount of data used within the United States. The Service may be offered at differing prices under different Service Plans, depending on the data speed you desire and other factors. Rate of speeds will reduce when the amount of data used exceeds the amount allotted under your Service Plan. Speeds reduce to a 2G data experience in these situations. In addition, when roaming domestically, speeds are usually limited to up to 2G speeds (approximately 128 Kbps). Data usage is reset monthly on varied dates and does not necessarily match the monthly billing date for that line. To know when this date is for your line, contact Wireless Buy by email, phone or chat.
3. Service Availability. Coverage maps only approximate our anticipated wireless coverage area outdoors; actual Service area, coverage and quality may vary and change without notice depending on a variety of factors including network capacity, terrain and weather. Outages and interruptions in Service may occur, and speed of Service varies. You agree that we are not liable for problems relating to Service availability or quality.
4. Monthly Fees and Payment. Wireless Buy provides the Service for a flat fee on a monthly, pay-in-advance basis under various Service Plans. Service begins when you pay the monthly payment for the first month of Service, which includes the Wireless Buy Mobile Service Fee and the taxes and other assessments described in Section 6 and on our website at wirelessbuy.com. Subsequent monthly payments are due by your monthly payment date, which occurs on each monthly anniversary of the date on which the first monthly payment is made. If you fail to make your monthly payment when it is due, your Service will be suspended until the payment is received. If you fail to make your monthly payment within 30 days after it is due, your Service will be terminated and your phone number will be lost. Fees are not refunded or prorated if Service is terminated before your next payment date. If your Service is terminated, your account will be cancelled and you will lose your Wireless Buy mobile phone number. You will be required to re-enroll as a new customer in order to resume Service. If your Service is suspended for non-payment your monthly payment date will not change (for example, if your original billing cycle started on the 1st and you reactivate Service on the 15th day of the month your billing cycle will remain on the 1st). In the event that your Account is terminated, you will be required to sign up as a new customer and we may not be able to offer you your existing number. You may change your payment method or other payment options by clicking "Edit Billing Preferences" when you log in to your wirelessbuy.com portal. Usage details for each line is available upon request.
5. Cancellation and Returns. Cancellation of Service: You can cancel a new line of Service WITHIN SEVEN DAYS of activation, or 30 days in California (the "Cancellation Period"). A partial, prorated refund will only be issued upon request, for lines cancelled within the Cancellation Period. Device Refunds and Restocking Fees: To return any Wireless Buy Device you acquired at the time of enrollment, (excluding SIM cards which do not qualify for a refund,) you must return the device in its package with all original contents, undamaged and in good working condition with no material alterations to the device's hardware or software. If you return your device in a damaged, altered or destroyed condition, we may decline to accept the return of the device or charge you the cost of repairing the device, plus any shipping and handling charges.
6. Taxes, Fees, and Surcharges. You agree to pay all taxes, fees and surcharges (the "Fees") imposed by governments or governmental entities on you or us as a result of our providing the Service to you. We may not give advance notice of changes in Fees. To determine Fees, we will use the street address you identified as your Place of Primary Use ("PPU"). If you did not identify the correct PPU, or if you provided an address (such as a PO box) that is not a recognized street address, you may be assigned a default location for tax purposes. Any dispute of the jurisdiction assigned must be submitted within 60 days of the billing in which the Fees were assessed. Fees include (a) Government Taxes & Fees.These Fees are typically imposed by jurisdictions directly on you, the user of the telecommunication services. Such Fees include, but are not limited to, sales tax; and (b) Other Surcharges. These surcharges include, but are not limited to, taxes that Wireless Buy incurs to provide the Service but are not government taxes or fees imposed directly on our customers that we must collect by law. Examples include, but are not limited to, federal or state Universal Service fees, regulatory fees, excise taxes and gross receipts taxes. These surcharges will apply whether or not you directly benefit from the programs, activities or services included in the surcharge. The components and amounts of the Fees are subject to change without notice.
7. Unpaid Charges. If we do not receive payment in full for a Wireless Buy Device or sim, for the Service, or for any other amount owed to us by you (for example, in the case of a credit card chargeback in which a charge is disputed after you have received a Wireless Buy Device from us), you may be charged a late fee of the greater of 1.5% per month (18% annually) or $5 per month, subject to the maximum allowed by law. We may use all lawful means to collect the amount owed and seek the return of any Device or service for which payment has not been received. If you fail to pay fees or any other amounts owed to Wireless Buy under this agreement and Wireless Buy refers your accounts(s) to a third party for collection, then Wireless Buy will also charge you a collection fee at the maximum percentage permitted by applicable law, but not to exceed 18%, to cover Wireless Buy' collection-related costs. If we accept late or partial payments, we do not waive our right to collect all amounts that you owe, including late fees. If any payment is dishonored or returned for any reason, we may charge you the maximum amount allowed under applicable law.
8. Your Right to Dispute Charges. Unless otherwise provided by law, you agree to notify us of any dispute regarding amounts owed to us within 60 days after the date you first incur the disputed amount. If you do not notify us of your dispute in writing within this time period, you may not pursue a claim in arbitration or in court. If you accept a credit, refund or other compensation or benefit to resolve a disputed amount, you agree that the issue is fully and finally resolved. For unresolved disputes see Section 26. To contact or notify us, see Section 15.
Credit Card ChargebacksIf we have charged your registered payment method for a charge that we deem is authorized and valid under these Terms, and your credit card company or other payment provider subsequently withholds or revokes such payment to us because the charge has been disputed by you (a "Chargeback"), we reserve the right to suspend your access to the affected Services until the Chargeback is reversed or in the case of a billing dispute, the billing dispute is resolved as set forth in these Terms.
9. Our Rights to Make Changes. Your Service is subject to our business policies, practices, and procedures, which we can change without notice. AS PROVIDED ABOVE, WE CAN CHANGE ANY TERMS IN THE AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME.
10. International Long-Distance Calls. Although Wireless Buy attempts to block all long distance calling, certain territories cannot be blocked and you are therefore fully responsible for any charges that are incurred. Wireless Buy reserves the right to pursue as well as bill the credit card you have on file.
11. Your Phone Number, Your Device, and Compatibility with Other Networks. Except for any legal right you may have to port or transfer your phone number, you will acquire no ownership rights in any number assigned to you. The wireless telecommunications networks used to provide the Service (the "Wireless Buy Network") are owned and operated by other licensed entities, not Wireless Buy. Your Wireless Buy Devices may not be compatible with the network and services provided by another service provider. Devices not purchased through Wireless Buy or its affiliates ("Non-Wireless Buy Devices") must be compatible with the Wireless Buy Network or T-Mobile for use with the Services, and such devices may not work on the Wireless Buy Network. A Wireless Buy Device is approved by Wireless Buy only for use with Wireless Buy Service. Please note that in order to port out your number, your account must be in active status (not closed or suspended). Lines that are in suspended status due to non payment or any other reason or not active are NOT eligible to be ported out.Network. At times we may remotely change software, systems, applications, features or programming on your Device without notice to address security, safety or other issues that impact the Wireless Buy network or your Device. These changes will modify your Device and may affect or erase data you have stored on your Device, the way you have programmed your Device, or the way you use your Device. We may offer you changes to systems, applications, features or programming remotely to your Device; you will not be able to use your Device during the installation of the changes even for emergencies.
12. Roaming. Your Device may connect to another provider's network ("Off-Net") even when you are within the Wireless Buy coverage area. You must use your Device predominantly within the Wireless Buy Network coverage area. If your Off-Net voice usage or messaging usage exceeds an acceptable level, it may be necessary to terminate your service. We may terminate your Service in our discretion and without prior notice if you no longer reside in a Wireless Buy Network coverage area, if your Off-Net usage makes it uneconomical for Wireless Buy to provide Service to you, or if required under Wireless Buy' arrangements with its service providers. For data use while roaming, the limit is 50MB.
13. Important Emergency and 9-1-1 Information. When making a 9-1-1 call, always state the nature of your emergency and provide both your location and phone number, as the operator may not automatically receive this information. Wireless Buy is not responsible for failures to connect or complete 9-1-1 calls or if inaccurate location information is provided. 9-1-1 service may not be available or reliable and your ability to receive emergency services may be impeded. We may use a variety of information and methods to determine the location of a 9-1-1 call, including Global Positioning Satellites, or our wireless network. Even with this information, an emergency operator may not be able to locate you in order to provide emergency services. Other third party entities are involved in connecting a 9-1-1 call and Wireless Buy does not determine the public safety agency to which your 9-1-1 call is routed. If you are porting a phone number to or from us, we may not be able to provide you with some Services, such as 9-1-1 location services, while the port is being implemented.
14. Data Usage and Other Features. Permissible and Prohibited Uses: The Wireless Buy Network is managed to facilitate the proper functioning of the Network as a whole and to provide a good experience to the majority of our customers. Services that require consistent high speeds, such as video calling, may, particularly at times and in areas of network congestion, result in reduced speeds for other services. Additionally, we may implement other network management practices, such as caching less data, using less capacity, and sizing video more appropriately for a Device to transmit data files more efficiently. These practices are agnostic to the content itself and to the websites that provide it. While we avoid changing text, image, and video files in the compression process when practical, the process may impact the appearance of files as displayed on your Device. Downloadable Content and Applications: Most content or applications (e.g. downloadable or networked applications, wallpapers, ringtones, games, and productivity tools) ("Content & Apps") are not sold by Wireless Buy, and Wireless Buy is not responsible for the Content & Apps, including download, installation, use, transmission failure, interruption, or delay, or any content or web site you may be able to access through the Content & Apps. Unless otherwise stated, any support questions for these Content & Apps must be directed to the third party seller. Wireless Buy has done its best to block access to premium (billable) services, however should you incur any charges, Wireless Buy will charge the credit card on file, or collect from you. You may be able to restrict access and certain services by implementing controls by calling Wireless Buy. When you use, download or install Content & Apps sold by a third party seller, you may be subject to license terms between you and third parties. When you use, download, or install Content & Apps that you purchase from Wireless Buy, the Content & Apps are licensed to you by Wireless Buy and may be subject to additional license terms between you and third parties. You may not transfer, copy, distribute, or reverse engineer any Content & Apps, or alter, disable or circumvent any digital rights management security features embedded in the Content & Apps. Content & Apps may not be transferable from one Device to another Device. Some Devices or Content & Apps may continue to have contact with our network without your knowledge, which may result in additional Charges. Software on your Device may automatically shut down or limit the use of Content & Apps or other features or Services without warning. Wireless Buy is not responsible for any third party content, advertisements, or websites you may be able to access using your Device. Use of Information: You agree that Wireless Buy may update your Content & Apps remotely, or may disable or remove any Content & Apps at any time. Refer to Wireless Buy' Privacy Policy below, as well as the Content & Apps creator/owner's privacy policy for information regarding their use of information collected when you download, install, or use any third party Content & Apps. We are not responsible for any transmission failure, interruption, or delay related to Content & Apps, or any content or website you may be able to access through the Content & Apps.
15. Notices and Customer Communications. You expressly consent to be contacted by Wireless Buy, your referring affiliate or our partner, for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, email address or physical address you provide to us or that we provide to you. You agree that Wireless Buy may contact you in any way, including, pre-recorded or artificial voice delivered by an automatic telephone dialing system, text messages delivered by an automatic text system or e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system. Notices from us to you are considered delivered when we send them to your Device or by email or fax to any email address you provided to us, or 3 days after mailing to your billing address. You agree that all electronic communications via email or postings on wirelessbuy.com satisfy any writing requirements under the law. Such communications may pertain to agreements between you and Wireless Buy, notices about security issues or our Privacy Policy, mandatory disclosures, or any other matters Wireless Buy deems important.You may contact our Member Support department by emailing support@wirelessbuy.com, by calling (888) ­000-0000, or by writing to: Wireless Buy Support, 502 N Prospect Road Ste 21, Bloomington, IL 61704. Notices from you to us are considered delivered when you send an email or 3 days after mailing to the addresses above.
16. Lost or Stolen Devices. You agree to notify us if your Device is lost or stolen. Once you notify us, we will suspend your Service. After your Service is suspended, you will still be responsible for additional monthly payments. If you request that we not suspend your Service, you will remain responsible for payments for all services used from your account. We may prevent a lost or stolen Device from registering on any network
17. Misuse of Service or Device – Your Representation. By activating or renewing Service with Wireless Buy, you agree that you do so because you want Service from Wireless Buy and not for any other purposes. You agree not to misuse the Service or Device, including but not limited to: (a) reselling or rebilling our Service; (b) using the Service or Device to engage in unlawful activity, or in conduct that adversely affects our customers, employees, business, or any other person, or that interferes with our operations, network, reputation, or ability to provide quality service, including but not limited to the generation or dissemination of viruses, malware or "denial of service" attacks; (c) using the Service as a substitute or backup for private lines or dedicated data connections; (d) tampering with or modifying your Wireless Buy Device; (e) "spamming" or engaging in other abusive or unsolicited communications, or any other mass, automated voice or data communication for commercial or marketing purposes; (f) reselling Wireless Buy Devices for profit, except as expressly authorized under, and in the context of, a duly executed Agreement between you and Wireless Buy, or tampering with, reprogramming or altering Wireless Buy Devices for the purpose of reselling the Service; (g) using the Service in connection with server devices or host computer applications, including continuous Web camera posts or broadcasts, automatic data feeds, automated machine-to-machine connections or peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing applications that are broadcast to multiple servers or recipients, "bots" or similar routines that could disrupt net user groups or email use by others or other applications that denigrate network capacity or functionality; (h) any activity that Wireless Buy or T-Mobile in their discretion deem may harm the Network in any way; (i) accessing, or attempting to access without authority, the information, accounts or devices of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, Wireless Buy' or another entity's network or systems; (j) running software or other devices that maintain continuously active Internet connections when a computer's connection would otherwise be idle, or "keep alive" functions (e.g. using the Service for Web broadcasting, operating servers, telemetry devices and/or supervisory control and data acquisition devices); (k) using your Device as a "hotspot," or modem, or tethering your Device to a personal computer or other hardware outside of the included T-Mobile hotspot application on supported devices; or (l) assisting or facilitating anyone else in any of the above activities. Furthermore, Wireless Buy may limit or terminate your line of Service in Wireless Buy' discretion if (a) more than 50% of your voice and/or data usage is Roaming outside of the United States for any three billing cycles within any twelve (12) month period; (b) your Roaming usage makes it uneconomical for Wireless Buy to provide Service to you; or (c) T-Mobile's agreement with a Roaming provider is modified or terminated. Unless authorized by Wireless Buy, you agree that you will not install, deploy, or use any regeneration equipment or similar mechanism (for example, a repeater or signal booster) to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or regenerate a transmitted RF signal. You agree that a violation of this section harms Wireless Buy, and cannot be fully redressed by money damages, and that if such a violation occurs Wireless Buy shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies available. SIM Cards: You agree to safeguard your SIM card and not allow any unauthorized person to use your SIM card. You agree not to alter, bypass, copy, deactivate, remove, reverse-engineer, or otherwise circumvent, clone, or reproduce the encoded information stored on, or the encryption tools of, your SIM card in any shape or fashion, or through any third party. Any usage contrary to this paragraph may result in immediate Service termination.
18. Wireless Buy Network Agreement - You have no contractual relationship with T-Mobile and you are not a third-party beneficiary of any agreement between Wireless Buy and T-Mobile. You understand and agree that T-Mobile or Wireless Buy will have no legal, equitable or other liability of any kind to you.Subject to FCC Number portability rules, you have no property or other rights in any Number assigned to you and you understand that any such Number can be changed from time to time.You acknowledge that the Service may be temporarily refused, interrupted, curtailed or limited because of atmospheric, terrain, or other natural or artificial conditions and may be temporarily interrupted or curtailed due to usage concentrations, modifications, upgrades, relocation and repairs of transmission Network. You agree that T-Mobile or Wireless Buy will not be responsible for such interruptions of the Service or the inability to use the Service within or outside the Authorized Areas. You understand that such wireless service carrier cannot guarantee the security of wireless transmissions and will not be liable for any lack of security relating to the use of the Service.You expressly understand and agree that the liability and obligations of Wireless Buy to you under the T&Cs may be strictly controlled and limited by T-Mobile's tariff, if any, and the laws, rules and regulations of the Federal Communications Commission and other United States or foreign governmental authorities which from time to time have jurisdiction. In any event, regardless of the form of action, whether for breach of contract, warranty, negligence, strict liability in tort or otherwise, your exclusive remedy and the total liability of T-Mobile, Wireless Buy, and/or any supplier of services to Wireless Buy arising in any way in connection with the T&Cs, for any cause whatsoever, including but not limited to any failure or disruption of service provided, will be limited to payment by Wireless Buy of damages in an amount equal to the amount charged to you for the Service provided under this agreement. In no event will Wireless Buy and/or T-Mobile be liable for any cost, delay, failure or disruption of the Service, lost profits, or incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages.In no event will Wireless Buy and/or T-Mobile be liable for the failure or incompatibility of Equipment utilized by you in connection with the Service. You will use Equipment at its own risk.You will indemnify, defend and hold Wireless Buy, T-Mobile and the officers, employees and agents of each of them harmless from and against all claims, causes of action, losses, expenses, liability or damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs), and including without limitation for any personal injury or death, arising in any way directly or indirectly in connection with the T&Cs; the provision or use of the Service; or the use, failure to use or inability to use the Number. This provision will survive the termination of the T&Cs.You acknowledges that the T&Cs is assignable by Wireless Buy.Service may be temporarily suspended or permanently terminated without notice in the event that Wireless Buy' agreement with T-Mobile is terminated or in the event the you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or other Network rules and policies. You waive any and all claims against the underlying wireless service carrier, including any roaming carrier, for such suspension or termination.
19. Our Rights to Limit or End Service or the Agreement. WE MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR SERVICE OR THESE T&CS WITHOUT NOTICE FOR ANY REASON, including without limitation, if you, any user of your Device, or any user on your account: (a) breaches the T&Cs; (b) provides inaccurate information or information we cannot verify; (c) lives in an area where we don't provide Service or your Off-Net usage makes it uneconomical for Wireless Buy to provide Service to you (see Section 12); (d) transfers Service to another person without our consent; (e) becomes insolvent, goes bankrupt or threatens bankruptcy (except as prohibited by law); (f) misuses your Service or Device as described in Section 17; (g) causes Wireless Buy to breach an agreement with any wireless carrier or to incur any material added expense; or (h) use(s) your Service or Device in a manner that is excessive, unusually burdensome, or unprofitable to us. We may impose usage or other limits to your Service, suspend your Service, or block certain types of calls, messages or sessions (such as access to an international long-distance provider), in our or T-Mobile's sole discretion and without notice. If we limit, suspend or terminate your Service and later reinstate your Service, you may be charged a fee. If your Service or account is limited, suspended or terminated and then reinstated, you will be charged a reactivation upon re-enrollment.
20. Intellectual Property. You agree not to infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of Wireless Buy or any third party. Except for a limited license to use the Services and except as expressly authorized under a duly executed Social Member Agreement between you and Wireless Buy, your purchase of Services and Devices does not grant you any license to copy, distribute, modify, reverse engineer, download, redistribute, or resell the intellectual property of Wireless Buy or others related to the Services and Devices; this intellectual property may be used only with the Service unless expressly authorized by Wireless Buy. You agree that a violation of this section harms Wireless Buy, and cannot be fully redressed by money damages, and that if such a violation occurs Wireless Buy shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief in addition to all other remedies available.
21. Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") Notice. If you believe that material available through our Services or Devices infringes your copyright, notify us as provided in Section 15. After receiving notice, we may remove or disable access to any infringing material as provided for in the DMCA.
22. Privacy Information. Our Privacy Policy governs how we collect and use information related to your use of our Service and is available online below. You agree to our Privacy Policy and agree that we may change our Privacy Policy without direct notice to you. You agree to check our website for Wireless Buy' updated privacy policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we change our privacy policy to allow use or disclosure of personal information in a way that, in our sole determination, is materially different from that stated in the policy at the time the data was collected, we will post notice in advance of the change. Data on your device may automatically be stored on your SIM card, Device, or our network. Your data may remain on the Device even if your SIM card is removed; the data left on your Device will be accessible to others who use your Device, and may be deleted, altered, or transferred to our network servers. Some Devices automatically upload stored information (such as your address book, ringtones, or other data) to Wireless Buy network servers. You may choose not to use this service by contacting Wireless Buy Member Support; in this case, your Device will continue to upload your information to our servers but Wireless Buy will not retain the information. Not using this service may result in the loss of functionality or the availability of certain services or features, and the permanent loss of information stored on a lost or stolen Device. You or Wireless Buy may be able to remotely access or delete information stored on your Device.
23. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT FOR ANY WRITTEN WARRANTY THAT MAY BE PROVIDED WITH A Wireless Buy DEVICE YOU PURCHASE FROM US, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES AND DEVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE CONCERNING YOUR SERVICE OR YOUR DEVICE. WE CANNOT PROMISE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE SERVICE AND DO NOT AUTHORIZE ANYONE TO MAKE ANY WARRANTIES ON OUR BEHALF. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE PRIVATE OR SECURE; IT IS ILLEGAL FOR UNAUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO INTERCEPT YOUR COMMUNICATIONS, BUT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS CAN OCCUR. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED TERMS IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMER, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
24. Waivers and Limitations of Liability. UNLESS PROHIBITED BY LAW, WE EACH AGREE TO LIMIT CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES OR OTHER MONETARY RELIEF AGAINST EACH OTHER TO DIRECT AND ACTUAL DAMAGES REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY. THIS MEANS THAT NEITHER OF US WILL SEEK ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, TREBLE, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FROM THE OTHER. THIS LIMITATION SPECIFICALLY INCLUDES LACK OF RECOVERY FOR LOSS OF ANTICIPATED BENEFITS OR MONEY, LOSS OF DATA, ANY DOWNTIME LOSS, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES YOU MAY SUFFER TO YOURSELF OR YOUR PROPERTY. THIS LIMITATION AND WAIVER ALSO APPLIES TO ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY BRING AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE EXTENT THAT WE WOULD BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THAT PARTY FOR SUCH CLAIM. YOU AGREE WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR PROBLEMS CAUSED BY YOU OR A THIRD PARTY, OR FOR PROBLEMS CAUSED BY Wireless Buy' SERVICE, DEVICE, OR ANY OTHER ASPECT OF ITS BUSINESS. EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW, ALL CLAIMS MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN 2 YEARS OF THE DATE THE CLAIM ARISES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW SUCH LIMITS ON LIABILITY SO THESE LIMITS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
25. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us harmless from any claims arising out of use of the Service or Devices, breach of the T&Cs and all representations and warranties herein, or violation of any laws or regulations or the rights of any third party by you or any person on your account or that you allow to use your Service or Device.
26. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration. WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS OR DISPUTES IN ANY WAY RELATED TO OR CONCERNING THE T&CS, OUR SERVICES, DEVICES OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDING ANY BILLING DISPUTES, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT. This includes any claims against other parties relating to Services or Devices provided or billed to you (such as our affiliates) whenever you also assert claims against us in the same proceeding. We each also agree that the T&Cs affect interstate commerce so that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. THE ARBITRATOR MUST FOLLOW THIS AGREEMENT.For all disputes, whether pursued in court or arbitration, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending us a written description of your claim as provided in Section 15 below. We each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. If we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive this claim description, you may pursue your claim in arbitration. We each agree that if you fail to pay amounts due on a timely basis, we may assign your account for collection, and the collection agency may pursue, in small claims court, claims limited strictly to the collection of the past due amounts and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or the Agreement.Either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. You must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent as provided in Section 15 to begin arbitration. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will arbitrate all disputes. For claims of less than $75,000, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply; for claims over $75,000, the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. All fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided between you and Wireless Buy in accordance with the AAA Rules, except that Wireless Buy will reimburse you for the amount of the filing fee in the event you prevail in the arbitration. Each party will bear the expenses of its own counsel, experts, witnesses, and preparation and presentation of evidence. Except as otherwise provided in these T&Cs, an arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys' fees. If for any reason this arbitration provision is deemed inapplicable or invalid, or to the extent this arbitration provision allows for litigation of disputes in court, you waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any claims for punitive or exemplary damages. Unless Wireless Buy and you agree otherwise, the location of any arbitration shall be Illinois. Except where prohibited by law, Wireless Buy and you agree that no arbitrator has the authority to award punitive damages or any other damages not measured by the prevailing party's actual damages. Neither you nor Wireless Buy shall disclose the existence, contents, or results of any arbitration except to the extent required by law. Judgment on the award rendered may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof.CLASS ACTION WAIVER. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDINGS WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the arbitration agreement will be void as to you.JURY TRIAL WAIVER. If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
27. Enforceability and Assignment. A waiver of any part of the Agreement in one instance is not a waiver of any other part or any other instance and must be expressly provided in writing. If we don't enforce our rights under any provisions of the Agreement, we may still require strict compliance in the future. Except as provided in Section 26, if any part of the Agreement is held invalid that part may be severed from the Agreement. You may not assign the Agreement or any of your rights or duties under it without our written consent. We may assign all or part of the Agreement or your debts to us without notice. The Agreement is the entire agreement between us and defines all of the rights you have with respect to your Service or Device, except as provided by law, and you cannot rely on any other documents or statements by any sales, service representatives, Wireless Buy Members, T-Mobile or other parties. If you purchase a Device, services or content from a third party, you may have a separate agreement with the third party; Wireless Buy is not a party to that agreement. The original version of these T&Cs is in English. To the extent there are conflicts between the English version and any other language version, the English version will control. Any determination made by us pursuant to these T&Cs, shall be in our sole reasonable discretion. The following paragraphs continue after termination of our T&Cs with you: 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 12, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 20, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27 and 28.
28. Choice of Law. These T&Cs are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Illinois without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of that state. Foreign laws do not apply. Arbitration or court proceedings must be in Illinois. If any provision of the T&Cs is invalid under the law of a particular jurisdiction, that provision will not apply in that jurisdiction.Wireless Buy and the Wireless Buy logo are registered trademarks of Wireless Buy, INC, a Illinois corporation.Your card on file will automatically be charged for usage of services that are not included in your plan, including, but not limited to, the following:1) Calls to the Virgin Islands, or any international destination with a +1 prefix, other than Canada (approx. $1.99/min should you not have the Stateside International Calling plan).2) Calls to 411 ($1.99/call).3) International voice roaming, including using voicemail while international ($0.30/minute)4) Calling any out-of-plan phone numbers, services like chat lines, conference calls, and radio broadcast lines ($0.01/minute)5) Downloading apps and usage of services (such as name ID or Rhapsody).6) Talk, text, or data usage while on a cruise or ferry (rates vary by cruise and destination).© 2018 Wireless Buy, INC. All rights reserved. Updated April 1, 2018.
Automatic coverage in over 140+ countries and destinations.Unlimited international data coverage and texting are included with all plans at no additional charge. It's just 30 cents per minute for calls to mobile devices and landlines.AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlderneyAnguillaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBermudaBoliviaBonaireBosniaBrazilBritish Virgin IslandsBulgariaCambodiaCanary IslandsCayman IslandsChileChinaChristmas IslandColombiaCosta RicaCroatiaCuracao (Netherlands/Dutch Antilles)CyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDominicaDominican RepublicEaster IslandEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEnglandEstoniaFaroe IslandsFinlandFranceFrench GuianaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGreeceGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuyanaHaitiHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyKazakhstanKenyaKuwaitKyrgyzstanLatviaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacauMacedoniaMalaysiaMaltaMartiniqueMoldovaMonacoMontenegroMontserratNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew ZealandNicaraguaNorthern IrelandNorwayPakistanPanamaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalQatarRomaniaRussiaSan MarinoSarkSaudi ArabiaScotlandSerbiaSingaporeSint MaartenSlovakiaSloveniaSouth AfricaSouth KoreaSpainSri LankaSt. BarthelemySt. Kitts and NevisSt. LuciaSt. MartinSt. Vincent and the GrenadinesSurinameSvalbardSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTrinidad and TobagoTurkeyTurkmenistan*Turks and Caicos IslandsUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUruguayVatican CityVenezuelaWalesZambia* Data unavailable in Turkmenistan
Additional charges apply in excluded destinations; included destinations subject to change. Taxes additional; usage taxed in some countries. Voice and text features for direct communications between 2 people. Communications with premium-rate (e.g., 900, entertainment, high-rate helpline) numbers not included and may incur additional charges. Calls over cellular while roaming outside of the USA are not permitted, if used against policy, you are charged $0.30/min (no charge for Wi-Fi calls to U.S.) Coverage not available in some areas; we are not responsible for the performance of roaming partners' networks. Standard speeds approx. 128 Kbps. No tethering.
Privacy Policy
Back to top
Wireless Buy, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 2018
Wireless Buy Inc. ("Wireless Buy") has instituted a comprehensive set of privacy policies and procedures to ensure that its customers and website visitors' privacy is never compromised. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform our customers and website visitors of the type of information that Wireless Buy, or a credit card processing partner or other vendor acting on our behalf, collects, how the information is gathered, how it is utilized, how long it is retained and how customers and visitors can restrict its use or disclosure.The primary focus of Wireless Buy' privacy policy is to ensure that all customers and website visitors' personal information, which we term "customer identifiable information," is kept private at all times. As the term suggests, "customer identifiable information" is information which can be associated with a specific individual or entity, including, for example, a customer's name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address and sensitive information such as credit card information.The collection of customer identifiable information is a critical element in Wireless Buy' day-to-day operations in order to conduct business and offer services and to maintain the highest level of customer service for all customers and website visitors.Wireless Buy endeavors to safeguard the customer identifiable information obtained from its website users and visitors (collectively, "customers") from any unauthorized intrusions.GeneralWe collect personal and non-personal information from customers based upon our business relationship and the nature of the products and services we provide. The types of information we may collect include account information (such as your name, address, home or alternate telephone number), certain financial information relating to any products and/or services that you purchase directly from us (including credit card information, security code and billing address), telephone numbers you call and that have called you and your service history, amongst other information. We also collect and maintain technical information about the equipment you use with our service including serial numbers, SIM card numbers, etc.In some instances, Wireless Buy may collect information that is not "customer identifiable information." Some examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of operating system you have configured on your computer, and the domain name of the website and/or Internet Service Provider from which you are linked to our website. Wireless Buy primarily uses this information for market research and optimizing its systems in order to deliver the best customer experience possible.Wireless Buy may collect and use customer identifiable information for various purposes, including but not limited to, billing purposes such as the auto-refill program, to provide or change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that Wireless Buy may use your customer identifiable information in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new services that may be of interest to you. When Wireless Buy uses third parties to perform services on its behalf, such as marketing, fulfillment services and shipping to customers, Wireless Buy will request that such third parties protect your customer identifiable information consistently with this privacy policy. Wireless Buy will not, however, disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you without your express, written or equivalent electronic consent. Wireless Buy will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for, or use of, a Wireless Buy product or service -- including customer names and addresses -- without the consent of the customer.Wireless Buy may, however, use and/or disclose customer identifiable information to a third party:• to investigate and help prevent potential fraud, other unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network;• as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;• when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;• to any other third party with your prior consent to do so;• if Wireless Buy is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.We will retain your information only as long as needed for business, tax and/or legal purposes. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We will destroy your information once it is no longer needed.Declining e-mail offersWireless Buy will only send our customers e-mails regarding promotional offers or other news if a customer grants us permission to do so and provides an email address. A customer has the right to choose not to receive Wireless Buy e-mail direct marketing communications by opting-out or unsubscribing. A customer can opt-out or unsubscribe from our e-mail list by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every message or promotion delivered electronically to our customers. Upon such election, Wireless Buy (a) will not contact that customer directly with Wireless Buy promotional messages, and (b) will not use customer identifiable information obtained from that customer's registration to contact that customer with Wireless Buy product or service messages.SecurityWireless Buy has gone to great lengths to implement technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your customer identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Wireless Buy, based on its judgment, will continue to enhance its security procedures as new technology becomes readily available. However, since there is no such thing as "perfect Internet security," Wireless Buy cannot guarantee 100% security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at support@wirelessbuy.com.E-mail and Text Message ContentWireless Buy does not have access to private e-mail communications and text messages that are transmitted using Wireless Buy services.CookiesWhen you visit our website, we may store information on your computer that allows us to identify you immediately. This process is often referred to as "cookie" technology. More specifically, a cookie is a commonly used Internet standard which stores, in a very small text file on the customer's hard disk, information specific to the customer. Our website makes limited use of cookies in an effort to improve our level of service to our website visitors. We may link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. Cookies cannot be accessed by any other website other than the website issuing the cookie. The private features of our website are only accessible when cookies are enabled in the customer's browser. If a customer does not wish to utilize cookies, this feature may be disabled within the customer's Web browser. However, by disabling cookies, a customer will not have access to private areas of our website.Other WebsitesWireless Buy' websites may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Wireless Buy. Any personal information collected by such third party websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of such third party websites prior to submitting any personal information.In some instances, our website content is also featured on other websites with differing or non-existent privacy policies. These websites may collect personal information from website visitors that may or may not be used in conjunction with our website information. Prior to supplying personal information to any third party company linking to our website, please read and understand the privacy policy of such third party company.AdvertisementsAdvertisements may appear on pages throughout our website. Some advertisements may request information directly from our customers or take our customers to websites that may request personal information. Wireless Buy has no control over its advertisers' privacy policies, so please examine the privacy policy of any company advertising on our website prior to submitting any personal information.Third Party Advertising CompaniesWe collect information about your activity on Wireless Buy websites for a number of purposes using technologies such as cookies, web beacons, widgets and server log files. We and our authorized Wireless Buy advertising partners use that information, as well as other information they have or we may have, to help tailor the ads you see on our sites and to help make decisions about ads you see on other sites. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by sending an email to support@wirelessbuy.com and requesting to opt out. To opt out of all IMM cookies, please send an email to support@wirelessbuy.com requesting to opt out. Please note that by "opting out" you will no longer receive targeted advertising. You will, however, continue to receive general advertising in the form of generic ads.Public Forums/BlogsOur website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You should not provide personally identifiable information in any publicly accessible blog or community forum.Refer A FriendIf you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address and automatically generate a one-time email to send your friend inviting him or her to visit the site. Wireless Buy does not store your friend's information.Social Media FeaturesOur website includes Social Media Features and Widgets, such as the "Share This" button or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature or Widget.SurveysOccasionally, we may conduct surveys on our website. Surveys are conducted at random and are completely voluntary to our website visitors. The survey may require a customer to provide customer identifiable information in exchange for the information or services provided by the survey. We may use this information in an aggregate manner to better tailor the types of services, information, and advertising that are provided on our website.Policy ChangesWireless Buy reserves the right to change its privacy policy by publishing new terms on its website at any time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on our website. Your continued access and use of our websites constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of such amended policy. This privacy policy does not create any legal right for you or any third parties.ChildrenWireless Buy websites are not structured to attract children under the age of 13. Wireless Buy believes there is no information on its website which is inappropriate or objectionable for viewing by children. Wireless Buy does not knowingly, directly or passively collect information from children under the age of 13. Ordering online products and services from Wireless Buy is limited to adults (ages 18+). Of course, wireless devices and services purchased for family use may be used by minors without the knowledge of Wireless Buy. If that happens, any information collected from the usage will appear to be the personal information of the actual adult subscriber and treated as such under this Policy.Questions?Please direct any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy to: support@wirelessbuy.com
x