https://www.stampworldonline.com/help
0$0.00Shopping Cart
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Home
Sign In
Customer Service
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
CLOSE MENU
Home
My Account
Customer Service
Home
Contact Us
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Order History
Menu
Facebook
Google+
Pinterest
Instagram
Etsy
About Us
FAQ
Our Guarantee
Send Us Your Logo
Help
Customer Service
HomeContact UsHelpPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsOrder History
Can you personalize our logo, mascot, or custom art?
Yes!
Using logos and custom art is very common.
We need a quality logo emailed to us at ormond@stampworldonline.com as an attached file.
We can shrink/expand and layout your artwork and provide proofs if necessary before manufacturing your custom items.
Call 877-282-9591 to review questions regarding personalizing with your art work.
Can you personalize items that I have?
Yes!
We can personalize almost any product.
We prefer working with items that we stock and sell because we have already gone through the "learning curve" and know we can provide excellent results.
But because we have so much experience, we are able to do custom work on most of your items.
We have personalized NFL footballs, pocket knives and knife blades, baseball bats, coffee cups, wedding glasses, marble coasters, pool cues, and more.
Just ask.
Can You Engrave Photographs?
Yes!
Engraved photos turn gift items into heirlooms!
We have software technology that allows us to scan your color or black and white photos and engrave the picture onto gift boxes, marble coasters, marble plaques, or Alderwood wall portraits.
These make great employee or client gifts.
They are also fantastic gifts for wedding, anniversary, or graduation events!
How long to ship engraving orders?
We make lots of items in varying quantities so it is difficult to give an exact answer.
But, most orders ship in 7 to 13 business days. Please send us a email with a date if you must have a product by a specific time for an event. We will in writing commit to a date if you give us your requirement for your event.
Can you help me find art work to personalize items?
Yes!
First of all we have a catalog of artwork used for many situations.
Sports, western, wildlife, places/towns, Christmas scenes, outdoors, and more.
You can also look on a web site called www.clipart.com.
We can download any of the thousands of images from that site to engrave on to hundreds of gift items or stamps.
Why are Stamp World's custom rubber stamps the best?
Stamp World uses the latest technology to manufacture our premium custom rubber stamps.
It is called FLASH technology.
This new technology allows us to save labor time and make a superior rubber stamp.
We provide premium stamps with better impressions and more impressions before reinking than traditional self inking stamps.
Our stamps do not dry out when not in use.
They are a better product than traditional self inking stamps.
How long to ship rubber stamp orders?
All custom self inking stamps ship in one to three business days in most cases.
Rubber stamps such as daters ship in 2 to 4 business days in most cases. Pleawe email us if you must have a stamp by a certain date.
We will reply with a commitment in writing.
Can you make us a stamp for our wedding or scrapbooking?
Yes!
Stamp World owned a chain rubber stamp and scrapbook retail stores from 1993 until 2004.
We are experts in the crafting market.
Give us a call for details - 877-282-9591
What is hot stamping?
Hot stamping provides the most elegant/upscale look for personalizing presentation folders, scrapbook album covers, Leatherette coasters and more. We use hot stamping to personalize these products quickly and economically.
Hot stamping works by heating magnesium dies in our machine.
The die has your custom art and text etched into it.
When the die touches the gold foil(or other colored foils), it melts the foil imprint onto the surface of the stamping material.
How long to ship Hot Stamped Orders
Most hot stamped orders ship in 7 to 12 business days.
Please email us if you need product by a specific date.
We will reply with a written commitment.
What is stampworldonline.com guarantee?
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed!
We want all of our customers to keep coming back.
If we make a mistake, we will take the defective product back and replace it with the correct personalized product as quickly as possible.
See "Our Guarantee" on the top navigation bar.
What is your return policy
We do stand behind our product.
But because all our products are custom manufactured, we do not have the ability to accept returns.
If we did clearly make an error, we will replace all products with the error.
If it is possible we will try to work with your situation and can sometimes make exceptions.
In those cases a restocking fee will be charged.
©
Home
Shopping Cart
Your Account
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
English
Spanish
Think Green With Sustainable Forests
Wooden Invitations & The Post Office
Facebook
Google+
Pinterest
Instagram
Etsy
©1999-2020 Connectweb Technologies, Inc.