https://www.greenchoices.org/about/privacy-and-cookies
‘Green Choices’ is a trading name of TurnRound Limited. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Topics:
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?
Marketing
Data Processing locations
How long do we keep your details?
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other Websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, signup to newsletters, request product or services information, provide feedback and participate in competitions.
Personal information you give us could include your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, social media identities, website address and any other information you voluntarily enter into contact forms or emails.
We also collect anonymous information whilst you use this website, including technical data about your browsing device, network, approximate geographic location and the pages you visit. We cannot link this information to a specific individual.
How will we use the information about you?
We use personal information about you to process your order, manage your account, send requested information and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
We use anonymous information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits and to improve the content and functionality of this website.
We will not share your information for marketing purposes with organisations outside the company.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other trading websites which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at any time.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other trading names of TurnRound Limited.
Data processing locations
We use a third party, MailChimp, to send our newsletters. This data is stored in the United States of America. MailChimp is compliant with the EU-US Privacy Shield framework and has a GDPR compliant privacy policy.
All other data processing is within the UK.
How long do we keep your details?
UK tax law requires us to keep your basic personal data for any financial transactions (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years, after which time it can be destroyed. Your information we use for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information. Please contact us via the details below if you wish to have your details destroyed.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address below.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings between visits and to enable collection of non-personally identifiable statistical data about our users’ browsing patterns using Google Analytics. Read Google’s Privacy Policy by visiting policies.google.com/privacy.
Third-party services (such as site search and social media links), embedded content (such as YouTube videos and adverts) and third-party merchant links may set their own cookies. These cookies are not controlled by us therefore please refer to the third-party websites for their cookie policies.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 15 May 2018.
How to contact us
by email or write to us at:
TurnRound Limited
Barn Studios,
Chapel Farm,
Over Old Road,
Hartpury,
Gloucestershire,
GL19 3BJ
« Copyright notice
News »
Search for:
Blog Posts
What is the Circular Economy?
In a circular economy, resources are kept in use for as long as possible, maximising their lifespan (and therefore their… Read more…
No-fly holidays in 2020? Staycations in the UK, there’s a lot on offer
There’s no question that Brits love a holiday, with data from the international trade body for aviation reporting that British… Read more…
‘Slow furniture’ – long live ‘shabby chic’
Since my student days of ‘skip raiding’ I have always favoured second-hand, pre-loved furniture over new stuff. Apart from a… Read more…
Counting the cost of clothing – Slow fashion to save the planet – Green Choice’s tips
Waking up to the news that we all need to wake up to the urgency of climate change was unpleasant… Read more…
What’s really happening to our planet? New book by Tony Juniper
“What’s in the package?” my teenage daughter shouted excitedly as I opened the envelope containing a copy of Tony Juniper’s… Read more…
Advertisements