http://www.the-gothic-shop.co.uk/cookiesprivacy-g-28.html
SAME DAY DISPATCH OF ORDERS PLACED BEFORE MIDDAY (WEEKDAYS)
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The new standard for online privacy is known as GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation - and this supercedes the Data Protection Act, the previous standard.
The following is a short description of the information you provide us with and what we do with this data.Placing An Order
When you place an order with The Gothic Shop (this site) you will need to provide us with the following information:
Your name
Your home address
Your preferred delivery address if different
Your telephone number
Your email address
For gift orders or vouchers we may also require the recipient's name, address and / or email address as applicable.
The information you provide when placing an order is used to process said order, and to provide us with contact information which is only used in conjunction with order processing, for example order updates and dispatch notifications.
Sometimes an order may be left 'pending', which means final payment was not completed. This can lead to you thinking you've paid for an order when you actually haven't. This could be due to a browser issue, internet issues, payment gateway problems, not pressing a 'final confirmation' button, or because you changed your mind.
If your order is left as 'pending' for an extended period of time, we may send you a cancellation email which explains that we have cancelled your order on our system due to non-payment. However, those items will still be in your basket the next time you login should you view this as an oversight and wish to complete the order.Cookies
As with most websites, The Gothic Shop uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while a user is browsing that website. When the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify that website of the user's previous activity.
Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember the state of the website or activity the user has taken in the past.
Our shopping basket uses a session cookie so that if you log out your items will be found in your basket the next time you log in. Also we consult Google Analytics which uses cookies to track how visitors find our site and the path they take through it. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
If you would like to restrict or block cookies you can do this through your browser settings. As different browsers will have different configuration settings, you should consult your browser Help menu to understand how to adjust your cookie options.Security & Payments
We take the security of your personal data seriously and any information you send us on this site is transmitted using a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) server.  You may see a padlock at the top of your web browser and also may see 'https://' at the beginning of the web address. The 's' indicates the use of SSL.
We do not handle online payments directly. Any payments are made through external secure gateways; either SagePay or Paypal, and as such we do not see or retain any credit or debit card information. Even so, we are obliged to review security procedures annually in order to remain compliant with the 'Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard' (PCI DSS), which we do.
Newsletters
You can opt-in to receive newsletters from us for details of new stock arrivals, special deals and discounts if you so choose. The email address you provide for this service is processed via Constant Contact whose Privacy Statement can be found here: https://www.constantcontact.com/uk/legal/privacy-statement
You can unsubscribe at any time via the appropriate link at the bottom of each newsletter or by contacting us at contact@the-gothic-shop.co.ukYour Personal Data
You are able to change your personal data such as address details and password by logging in to your account and selecting the appropriate link from the 'My Account' section at the bottom of any webpage.
If you wish to delete your account, please contact us via contact@the-gothic-shop.co.uk with the appropriate details, and we will remove it as requested. This action will remove all relevant personal data and order history from our system.
SAME DAY DISPATCH OF ORDERS PLACED BEFORE MIDDAY (WEEKDAYS)
FREE UK POSTAGE ON ORDERS OVER £60.