https://www.mollybrave.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Last updated: March 19, 2019
Welcome to MollyBrave.com. Molly Brave, LLC provides website features to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at MollyBrave.com, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future Molly Brave service or business you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements (“Terms”)  applicable to such service or business. If these conditions are inconsistent with such Terms, the Terms will control.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to MollyBrave.com, to understand our practices.
Electronic Communications
When you visit MollyBrave.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Molly Brave or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Molly Brave and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Molly Brave or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademark
One or more trademarks owned by Molly Brave apply to this site and to the features and services accessible via the site. Portions of this site operate under license of one or more trademarks.
License and Site Access
Molly Brave grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Molly Brave. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Molly Brave. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Molly Brave without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Molly Brave’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Molly Brave. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Molly Brave. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of MollyBrave.com so long as the link does not portray Molly Brave, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Molly Brave logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Your Account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Molly Brave does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use MollyBrave.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.  Molly Brave reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Reviews, Comments, Communication, and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Molly Brave reviews all content regularly, and reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit content at any time.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Molly Brave a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Molly Brave and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Molly Brave for all claims resulting from content you supply. Molly Brave has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Molly Brave takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Copyright Complaints
Molly Brave respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Molly Brave are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Returns, and Refunds
If you are not 100% satisfied with an item you have received from us, or if an item you received was damaged in shipping, we offer a 30-day money back guarantee, no questions asked. If you received an item other than the one you ordered (an incorrect item), you have 30 days to exchange it.
Product Descriptions
Molly Brave attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Molly Brave does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Molly Brave itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Pricing
Except where noted otherwise, the List Price displayed for products on our website represents the full retail price listed on the product itself, suggested by the manufacturer or supplier, or estimated in accordance with standard industry practice; or the estimated retail value for a comparably featured item offered elsewhere. The List Price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. For certain items that are offered as a set, the List Price may represent “open-stock” prices, which means the aggregate of the manufacturer’s estimated or suggested retail price for each of the items included in the set.
With respect to items sold by Molly Brave, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order; however, we do NOT charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Please note that this policy applies only to products sold and shipped by Molly Brave. Your purchases from third-party sellers are charged at the time you place your order, and third-party sellers may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.
Disclaimer
Please read our Disclaimer.
Disputes
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your visit to MollyBrave.com or to products or services sold or distributed by Molly Brave or through MollyBrave.com will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of these Conditions of Use as a court would.
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
Applicable Law
By visiting MollyBrave.com, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Molly Brave.
Site policies, Modification, and Severability
Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to MollyBrave.com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Our Address
Molly Brave
162 Brandywine Circle
Englewood, Florida 34223
www.mollybrave.com