http://www.chimes.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
Woodstock Percussion, Inc. (hereinafter WPI) makers of Woodstock Chimes® and the Woodstock Music Collection® and owner of www.chimes.com, respects your privacy. We are committed to protecting the privacy between WPI and you, the end user. This privacy policy explains our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as stated in this policy. Please review this privacy policy periodically, as updates may occur. Use of www.chimes.com is subject to the privacy policy at the time of usage.
Information We Collect
You may give us personal information when:
Registering for an account
Ordering product(s)
Sending us any correspondence
Registering for newsletters, emails and special offers
Calling us
Should you not wish to register or use our website, and take advantage of our advanced shopping capabilities, you may order by phone at 800-950-2754.
Information collected may include, but is not limited to:
First and last name
Shipping address
Billing address
Email address
Telephone number
Credit card information
Date of birth
Any other personal information you give us
You may provide WPI with information about individuals other than yourself, such as a gift recipient. Information you provide us may be changed at any time by returning to the customer registration page, where you initially registered on www.chimes.com, or by calling our customer care department at 800-950-2754.
WPI maintains records of all of your product purchases.
Most of our web pages can be visited without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for:
Preferences
Trends
Statistics
Optimization
Individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily provide personal information. We use this information to:
Optimize WPI website features and functionality
Fulfill product requests
Provide order status
Provide product details and, as necessary, product updates and additional services
Send promotional offers
When you provide WPI with identifiable information, this information can and, most likely, will be used for identification purposes. This includes, but is not limited to, information you give us, data related to the use of the site and its services and information about your transactions, interactions and communications with us.
Email
We want to communicate with you only if you want to communicate with us. Your email address is used for communication between WPI and you, the end user. If you give WPI your email address, you may receive emails from us, unless otherwise selected. However, a valid email address is required to fully use our website. Information we may send you via email includes, but is not limited to:
Account information
Items purchased
Confirmation numbers
Credit card information
Shipping information
Certain other notifications, including information about orders placed
Marketing materials may also be sent to you, including but not limited to:
Newsletters
Promotional offers
New and existing product information
You may opt out at any time to discontinue emails and any future marketing materials and cancel your subscription by sending an email to woodstock@chimes.com. We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send marketing messages without your consent.
Cookies
Non-personally identifiable information is used to optimize www.chimes.com usage and performance and strengthen our product offerings. This information helps enhance your visit to our website. When certain data is entered, it is retained upon your interaction with www.chimes.com and includes the use of cookies, which many websites use. Cookies let your web browser provide data about your website usage so you receive an enhanced web experience. Please note this is not a personalized experience, but customized based on your activity. However, certain programs and settings will let you anonymously visit websites.
How do we secure your information?
Your account information is secured with generally-accepted technological safeguards, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encrypts some information about you before it is sent to WPI. SSL technology is built into most web browsers to secure and encrypt data between your web browser software and our web server. Also, your account is password-protected for your privacy and safety. You should take steps keep your password confidential.
Does WPI disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
WPI does not share personal information about you. But our website links to other third party sites (including, but not limited, to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, MySpace, Nexus, etc.) which have their own privacy policies. If you arrived at www.chimes.com from a third party site, such as a search engine (i.e. Google), you consent to www.chimes.com privacy policy regardless of the third party site and its privacy policy. Third party sites you linked from may collect click-through data based on your activity. Such activity is subject to the third party site’s privacy policy.
WPI will release personal information (including, but not limited to your name, addresses, telephone number and account information) when, in our discretion, we feel it is necessary in order to:
Comply with the law, including, but not limited to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, government investigations or other legal process
Enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements
Investigate or respond to allegations of fraud, intellectual property infringement or other claims of unlawful activity
Protect the rights, property or safety of WPI, our users or others
How do I change, delete or update my information?
Return to the customer registration page, where you initially registered on www.chimes.com, and make any changes you feel are necessary.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance Policy
It is our policy to promptly respond to requests from California residents that fall under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). As a California resident you have the right to (1) request to see what data we have about you, if any, (2) change/correct any data we have about you, (3) have us delete any data we have about you or (4) opt-out of the sale of your personal data.
Children
WPI tries to protect everyone’s online privacy, but realizes the sanctity of children’s privacy, especially in an online setting. We are aware of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 provided WPI with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian may contact us at 800-950-2754 or woodstock@chimes.com and we will destroy all of the unauthorized information.
Consent
By using www.chimes.com you consent to what is noted above in this online privacy policy. There may be additions or deletions to this privacy policy at any time. Therefore it is in your best interest to periodically review this document. We will date all privacy policy changes and allow past versions to remain Online for your review. Use of the WPI website is subject to the privacy policy at the time of usage.
WPI is committed to providing a safe and welcoming website for all. Any questions regarding this policy, or suggestions for improving it, can be directed to our customer service department at 800-950-2754 or woodstock@chimes.com.
The current version of the WPI privacy policy was adopted 6/2012.