https://www.cheapjoes.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Holiday Sales Event!
Shop By Brand
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Joe's Own Art Stuff!
Shop By Brand
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops!
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Fall Sales Event!
Back-To-School Sale!
Watercolor Painting
Oil Painting
Acrylic Painting
Framing
Art Workshops
Palette Magazine
Sign Up for Special Offers
Home
Customer Service
Privacy & Security
Customer ServiceContact UsShipping & DeliveryReturnsOut of Stock Items & BackordersPrivacy & SecurityTerms of Use & Legal NoticesGift CardsProduct Icon KeyShopping Our WebsiteSales Tax
Your Security and Privacy
SAFE, SECURE ONLINE SHOPPING WITH CHEAP JOE'S ART STUFF
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff takes several precautions to ensure that the personal information you provide when placing an order or registering on our site is safe and secure.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology, the standard for encrypted commercial transactions throughout the Internet, on pages like the checkout process where you need to enter personally identifiable information to secure the transmission and prevent interception as that information passes through the Internet.
We follow the PCI Data Security Standard to ensure our technology, security management, practices and procedures are optimized to protect our customers' information.
Our servers are maintained in a SSAE16 Type II certified data center that is 100% PCI Compliant.
We use intrusion prevention / detection technology and vulnerability scans to maintain the security of our site.
When browsing our site, you can tell a page uses encryption security by looking in the address bar of your browser window. If the name of the page starts with "https://" instead of the usual "http://," you are visiting a secure page.
Some web browsers, like Microsoft's Internet Explorer®, Firefox and Google's® Chrome, use additional methods to indicate you are on a secure page. This methods include:
Displaying padlock-like icons near the address bar of your browser window
Changing the color of the address bar background, e.g. to green
Adding the name of the certificate owner in the address bar in front of the "https://"
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff uses third party security services for our site from TrustWave®, a company that focuses solely on delivering solutions for Internet security and authentication. We use SSL certificates to encrypt your personal information and a Web Identity and PCI Validation service to assure you that we are who we say we are and are PCI-compliant. For more details, click the TrustWave® icon, at the bottom of the page.
CHEAP JOE'S ART STUFF ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes how Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, Inc (dba "Cheap Joe's Art Stuff") collects, uses and protects the personal information you provide on this website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Cheap Joe's Art Stuff may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at webteam@cheapjoes.com.
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff respects your privacy.
Information Collection & Use
When you visit Cheap Joe's Art Stuff website, you may provide information to us and we may collect website interaction information through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies. The information collected by us includes information that you give us to, for example, make product purchases, request information or communications, register to join the website, email lists, forums, blogs, etc., register for events, participate in promotions, contests or other marketing activities and that information collected may include name, address, city, state, telephone, email, credit card number, age and gender.
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff uses the individual identifying information it has collected online, in retail stores, through promotional events, etc. in order to personalize your experience on our website and in our retail stores, send you communications that you consent to receive, either electronically or otherwise and for purposes of online shopping as well as retail store shopping in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, we may use the information we collect to administer purchases and customer service on the website; improve and maintain the website; send you marketing information including events and promotions; customize your online or retail store shopping or browsing experience; administer surveys and promotions. We only send you information when you have agreed to receive such information through an opt-in or opt-out process. In addition, all promotional emails will include unsubscribe instructions; however, you may receive information from us at any time specific to customer service issues which are transactional in nature and therefore you may not opt-out of receiving these types of communications.
We collect information about gift recipients (i.e., ship to addresses) to fulfill the gift purchase, respond to customer service inquiries and for analysis purposes only. If you choose to use our invitation tools or mobile services to invite or contact friends through our website, we will ask you for information needed to send the one-time invitation from the site, such as your friends' email addresses, your email address, your Facebook account information, other contact lists (e.g., Gmail, Twitter, Hotmail, and Yahoo) or your mobile phone and your friend's mobile phone. You will have the option to choose which contacts are sent this one-time invitation.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff does not make individual identifying information available to third parties, including business partners, for marketing purposes without your affirmative consent to such sharing of information; however, we may transfer collected information between Cheap Joe's Art Stuff and third party contracted service providers who use that information only to conduct Cheap Joe's Art Stuff business. For example, a third party may handle Cheap Joe's Art Stuff's credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, Live Chat, market research, information analysis, and promotions management. We may also share your information to administer a website feature (e.g. video download or event registration) and in that case you will be given the option to opt out of the feature if you do not want your information shared. All credit card transactions are secure and comply with the Payment Card Industry security standards.
We may disclose specific information when required by law, regulation or government agency including law enforcement when we believe the disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the website or violations of the terms of use, or defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection, counterfeiting or investigation. All service providers may not use your personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under 18 in the State of Maine.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Web Beacons
We employ and our third party advertising partner employ a software technology called Web Beacons (a.k.a. Web Bugs or Clear Gifs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by Web beacons to our customers' personally identifiable information.
We use Web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Third Party Tracking Technologies
The use of cookies and Web beacons by third parties are not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and Web beacons to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics to improve our website.
Widgets and Third Party Plugins
This includes Widgets and Third Party Plugins, such as the Facebook Like button, the Google +1 button, the Twitter Tweet button and Follow button, the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our website which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial along with personally identifiable information. Customers may submit images of the product being used, or of artwork created with it. All photo submissions remain sole property of the artist. By submitting artwork, participants agree to have their submitted image displayed in printed materials or on the websites of Cheap Joe’s Art Stuff, Inc, including Facebook, Twitter etc. without any fee or other form of compensation and agree that Cheap Joe’s Art Stuff may display photos in marketing materials and emails. Images will always be credited to the artist. It is our policy to publish all submitted reviews, with a few exceptions. For example, we may choose not to publish a product review if it veers from being actually about the product or if it contains profanity or other inappropriate content.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time,we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winner and award prizes and to monitor site traffic to improve our website. We also use your contact information to send you promotional emails. You always have the option to opt-out out of these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in each promotional email.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Public Forums
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at webteam@cheapjoes.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Contact Information and Email Preference Management
If you would like to opt-out from receiving Cheap Joe's Art Stuff emails, please contact Customer Service, or manage your email preferences within the "My Account" section of our website.
Contact InformationTelephone: (800) 227-2788Email: WebTeam@CheapJoes.com
Corporate Address Cheap Joe's Art Stuff 374 Industrial Park Dr Boone, NC 28607
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at webteam@cheapjoes.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Corporate Address Cheap Joe's Art Stuff 374 Industrial Park Dr Boone, NC 28607
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at webteam@cheapjoes.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Business Transitions
In the event Cheap Joe's Art Stuff goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Policy Changes
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff provides its services to you subject to the preceeding policies which may be updated and/or revised from time to time by Cheap Joe's Art Stuff without notice to you, and which become effective when posted. Please refer to this page to review our most current policies and terms of use.
LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECT
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
The table below lists the cookies set by Google Analytics and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
__utma
This cookie is typically written to the browser upon the first visit to your site from that web browser. If the cookie has been deleted by the browser operator, and the browser subsequently visits your site, a new __utma cookie is written with a different unique ID. This cookie is used to determine unique visitors to your site and it is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is provided with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure.
__utmb
This cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with your site. When a user views a page on your site, the Google Analytics code attempts to update this cookie. If it does not find the cookie, a new one is written and a new session is established. Each time a user visits a different page on your site, this cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes, thus continuing a single session for as long as user activity continues within 30-minute intervals. This cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on your site for longer than 30 minutes. You can modify the default length of a user session with the _setSessionCookieTimeout() method.
__utmc
This cookie is no longer used by the ga.js tracking code to determine session status. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether or not to establish a new session for the user. For backwards compatibility purposes with sites still using the urchin.js tracking code, this cookie will continue to be written and will expire when the user exits the browser. However, if you are debugging your site tracking and you use the ga.js tracking code, you should not interpret the existence of this cookie in relation to a new or expired session.
__utmz
This cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach your site, whether via a direct method, a referring link, a website search, or a campaign such as an ad or an email link. It is used to calculate search engine traffic, ad campaigns and page navigation within your own site. The cookie is updated with each page view to your site.
__utmv
This cookie is not normally present in a default configuration of the tracking code. The __utmv cookie passes the information provided via the _setVar() method, which you use to create a custom user segment. This string is then passed to the Analytics servers in the GIF request URL via the utmcc parameter. This cookie is only written if you have added the _setVar() method for the tracking code on your website page.
__utmx
This cookie is used by Website Optimizer and only set when the Website Optimizer tracking code is installed and correctly configured for your pages. When the optimizer script executes, this cookie stores the variation this visitor is assigned to for each experiment, so the visitor has a consistent experience on your site. See the Website Optimizer Help Center for more information.
Featured Brands
From Cheap Joe’s Art Stuff Art Blog
Tips, tricks, thoughts and inspiration from across the art spectrum.
How to Make Resin Art: It's easier than you think!
Amazing Clear Cast Resin is a fun, experimental, and aesthetically pleasing medium that’s gaining popularity due to its abstract nature and its...
Read More
Free Artist Video Lessons
View our YouTube Channel for More!
Cheap Joe’s 2 Minute Art Tips - Varnishing With Resin
Ever tried varnishing with resin? Do you like shiny and glossy things like Julie does? Check out this 2 Minute Art Tip.
View on YouTube
From Cheap Joe’s Art Blog
Tips, tricks, thoughts, and inspiration from across the art spectrum.The Versatility of Winsor & Newton Quinacridone Colors
Enjoy this blog post highlighting the endless color characteristics and versatility of Winsor & Newton Quinacridone Colors.
Read MoreAll Blog PostsFree Artist Video Lessons
View our YouTube Channel for More!Cheap Joe's 2 Minute Art Tips - Masks With An Upgrade
This 2 Minute Art Tip with Julie is actually a 20 Minute Art Tip which includes a full demo on how to turn your dull mask into something eye catching.
View on YouTubeMore YouTube Videos
Contact Us
info@cheapjoes.com
Cheap Joe's Art Stuff374 Industrial Park Dr.Boone, NC 28607
(888) 792-6089
Call Center Hours
M-Fri: 9am - 5pm (EST)Sat. Hours Temporarily Suspended
Store Hours Differ - Click Here
Follow Us:
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseSite Map
© 2020 Cheap Joe's Art Stuff, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe
* indicates required
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
*
Spam Check