http://www.modellodesigns.com/pages/privacy-notice
Skip to content
Login
/ Join
/
Search
0 / $ 0.00
Cart
Facebook
Pinterest
Youtube
Instagram
Home
About
About Modello Stencils
Vinyl Stencil Material Options
Modello Stencil FAQ's
How to Order
Shop Stencils
NEW! Mural Stencils
Medallion Stencils
Carpet & Ceiling Panel Stencils
Ceiling Stencil Sets
Wall Panel Stencils
Allover Pattern Stencils
Wall Art Graphics Stencils
Stencil Pattern Sets
Monogram Stencils
Lettering & Typography Stencils
Tile Stencils
Corner Stencils
Border Stencils
Transitional Border Stencils
Marquetry Stencils
Complete Pattern Collection Catalog
Stencil Project Galleries
How to Use
Modello Stencil Basics
Custom Stencil Decor
Modello Pro Stencil Techniques
Concrete Stenciling
Custom Design Services
FREE Ground US Shipping on Orders $75+
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.modellocustomstencils.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.  You can easily unsubscribe to email newsletters by by choosing "unsubscribe from this list" or update also update your subscription preferences. You may also:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect personal information, including your credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted securely. We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. If you have any concerns regarding privacy or security of your information, please contact us via telephone at (619) 934-9062.
Left
Continue shopping
Your Order
You have no items in your cart
Subtotal:
$ 0.00
View Cart