https://www.clintonsretail.com/terms-and-conditions/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Terms & conditons
We believe in doing the right thing and building long-term relationships with our customers. In the event of any dispute, our first desire is to resolve matters to the satisfaction of all parties, and we’ll always attempt to do so without hiding behind all this legal gobbledygook.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
This website www.clintonsretail.com ("the Site") is owned and operated by Esquire Retail Limited t/a Clintons ("us", "our" or "we").
This document is only available in English.
The following constitutes a legal agreement between a user ("you") and us with respect to our website service, the terms of which are set out below. By checking the box when placing an order and indicating your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, you represent that (i) you have read, understood and agree to be bound by this Agreement and (ii) you are at least 18 years old, either entering into this Agreement for yourself or entering into it on behalf of your child or a child in your legal care. If you are a parent or guardian entering this Agreement for the benefit of your child, please be aware that you are fully responsible for his or her use of this Site, including all legal liability that he or she may incur. Each registration is for a single user only. We do not permit you to share your name with any other person nor with multiple users on a network. If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) any of these terms and conditions, do not check the acceptance box and do not attempt to access the Site.
Our Site is established to enable you to choose and purchase products from our Site ("Products") that we offer for sale online.1. Accessing Our Site
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our Site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site, or to our entire Site, to users who have registered with us.2. Terms and Conditions for Purchase of Products
2.1 Our website service permits you to purchase our Products from this Site. These purchases can be made and are permitted strictly pursuant to the terms and conditions set out below.
2.2 Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a Product. After placing an order, you will receive an email from us. This email is an Order Confirmation to notify you of the fact we have received and accepted your order.
2.3 Your purchase order cannot be accepted until payment in full for the Products ordered has been received by us at which time a legally binding agreement on the terms set out herein will become effective.3. Interactive Services
3.1 We may from time to time provide interactive services on our Site and where we do so we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
3.2 We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users (and in particular, for minors) from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our Site, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our Site, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
3.3 The use of any of our interactive services by a minor is subject to the consent of their parent or guardian. We advise parents who permit their children to use an interactive service that it is important that they communicate with their children about their safety online, as moderation is not foolproof. Minors who are using any interactive service should be made aware of the potential risks to them.
3.4 Where we do moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should a concern or difficulty arise.
Content Standards
3.5 These content standards apply to any and all content which you contribute (“Contributions”) to any interactive services on our Site.
3.6 You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
3.7 Contributions must:
3.7.1 Be accurate (where they state facts).
3.7.2 Be genuinely held (where they state opinions).
3.7.3 Comply with applicable law in the United Kingdom and in any country from which they are posted.
3.8 Contributions must not:
3.8.1 Contain any material which is defamatory of any person.
3.8.2 Contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory.
3.8.3 Promote sexually explicit material.
3.8.4 Promote violence.
3.8.5 Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
3.8.6 Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person.
3.8.7 Be likely to deceive any person.
3.8.8 Be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence.
3.8.9 Promote any illegal activity.
3.8.10 Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
3.8.11 Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass alarm or annoy any other person.
3.8.12 Be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person.
3.8.13 Give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case.
3.8.14 Advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse.
Suspension & termination
3.9.1 We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our Site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
3.9.2 Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the terms of use upon which you are permitted to use our Site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
3.9.2.1 Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Site.
3.9.2.2 Issue of a warning to you.
3.9.2.3 Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach.
3.9.2.4 Further legal action against you.
3.9.2.5 Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
3.10 We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
3.11 As a provider of content to the Site for any Products whether such content is in the form of text, graphics, photographs or any other form of content you CONFIRM AND WARRANT that:-
3.11.1 all Intellectual Property uploaded by you to the Site is your property or property that is licensed to you under an express written agreement which entitles you to upload the Intellectual Property to the Site;
3.11.2 your Intellectual Property does not and will not infringe the Intellectual Property rights or any other rights of any person or entity;
3.11.3 your Intellectual Property will not be defamatory, vulgar, seditious, offensive, indecent, obscene, pornographic, abusive, false, misleading, discriminatory, racist, illegal, potentially libellous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy, or likely to encourage the same or to bring the Site or our name into disrepute. We are the sole arbiters of whether or not your Intellectual Property falls into any of these categories;
3.11.4 your Intellectual Property will not breach any applicable law whether criminal or civil nor will it give rise to the commission of a wrongful act of any sort;
3.11.5 your Intellectual Property will not be technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data);
3.11.6 you will not permit any advertising or sponsorship on the Site; and
3.11.7 you will only use the Site for the purposes referred to in this Agreement and will not access the Site or use information gathered from it to send unsolicited emails;19. Acknowledgements
You acknowledge that we may change the terms of this Agreement by posting a new Agreement on the Site. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to check the Site regularly to ascertain if changes have been made and your continued use of the Site after such a change will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
By clicking the accept button when you purchase a Product you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of this Agreement and by our Privacy Policy both of which are available from every page of our website www.clintonsretail.com.
Esquire Retail Limited t/a Clintons is a registered company in England with Registered Number 12338587.
The Registered Office is at Sycamore House, Medlicott Close, Corby, NN18 9NF.
Correspondence should be addressed to Esquire Retail Limited t/a Clintons, Sycamore House, Medlicott Close, Corby, NN18 9NF.
Our VAT number is 338038891
Terms and Conditions  - Christmas Giveaway competition
'WIN! Get ready for a sprinkling of Christmas and a whole heap of Clintons cheer! Win this fabulous bundle to help you get ready for Christmas, featuring:
A stunning Simply Glow Candle
A Light up Santa & Sleigh Crackle Ball
Handy roll wrap
A 2021 calendar
Two packs of 10 Christmas cards
An Illuminate candle Gift Set
A Large Christmas Gift Bag'
Instagram Entry Requirements
https://www.instagram.com/clintonsretail/?hl=en
You Must:
Follow @clintonsretail on Instagram
Like this post
Tag your friends
Optional
Share on your story and tag us for a bonus entry!
If your account is private, please screenshot your story and send us a message or it won't be counted.
Facebook Entry Requirements
https://www.facebook.com/ClintonsUK
Like our page
Like this post
Tag your friends
Optional
Share on your timeline and tag us for a bonus entry!
If your account is private, it won't be counted.
Winner
The competition ends 27th November 2020, any entries after this time will not be counted. Only one person will win the competition and the winner will be announced on Tuesday 1st December. For the winner to claim their prize they will be contacted through the platform they used to enter. Failure to respond within 3 working days will result in a redraw and they will no longer be the winner or receive the prizes. The Winner will be selected using a random name generator. A recording will be displayed and presented to allow an equal and fair opportunity. We reserve the right to close the competition at any time.
Uk entries only.
Only enter and interact with our official Instagram and Facebook Page, Linked above. One winner will be announced Tuesday 1st Decemeber unless otherwise mentioned on our socials. We will not ask for personal information until the winner has been drawn and a recording has been posted on our socials.
This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.
Loading...