https://www.gardenersedge.com/help/a/6_1/
Help
GARDENERSEDGE.COM We here at A. M. Leonard, Inc. appreciate your business!
We want to make your online shopping experience as easy as possible! With the ever
increasing amount of unwanted mail,pop-ups and viruses on the internet, software is being
updated and built to combat these issues. If for instance your browser/anti-viral software
doesn't allow cookies to be sent to your computer, it may affect your shopping experience
at GARDENERSEDGE.COM. Please note that GARDENERSEDGE.COM is best viewed using Internet Explorer 9.0 or higher, and the latest versions of
Google Chrome, FireFox, Opera, or Safari.
Here are a few suggestions that may assist you in your visit... UNSURE YOUR ORDER WENT THROUGH?! Sometimes an order will be successfully
submitted even if you get an error message on the last step. We send an order confirmation
email to each submitted email address we get along with each order. If you have an order
confirmation email in your inbox, we have received your online order and will fulfill your order
within the next business day. (pending inventory on-hand) EMPTY SHOPPING CART/BLANK PAGE?! If your Shopping Cart is empty or items are
missing from it, it is likely that your web browser is not retaining cookies. It may be that
"cookie-trimming" or file utility software is causing the difficulty. Cookies are necessary
for 1-Click shopping, and they are integral in making the Shopping Cart work efficiently.
Programs such as Cookie Cutter, Cookie Monster, WebFree, Guard Dog, Junkbuster,
Watchdog, and even certain browsers can be set to suppress cookies. The way to ensure
your cookies are working varies from browser to browser. Cookies How do I turn on cookies in Internet Explorer? On a PC From your browser, go to:
Tools
--> Internet Options.
Click
on the Security settings Tab.
Make
sure that the slider is set for medium.
If
it is set on custom you can click the "Default Settings" button to
reset these to the "medium" setting.
Click
OK.
On a Macintosh From your browser, go
to:
Edit
--> Preferences.
Double
click on the "receiving files" item in the left window..
Single
click on the sub-item named cookies.
In
the right window, select the drop down menu item named "never ask" or
"ask for each site" (in which case you will have to accept the
cookies when prompted).
Click
OK.
How do I turn on
cookies in Firefox? PC and MAC
From your browser, go to:
Tools
--> Options.
Click
on the 'Privacy' tab.
Tick
the box for [x] Allow sites to accept all Cookies.
Click
OK.
On a Macintosh
From your browser, go
to:
Firefox --> Preferences.
Click
on the 'Privacy' tab.
Tick
the box for [x] Allow sites to accept all Cookies.
Close
the preferences dialog box.
How do I turn on
cookies in Netscape/Mozilla? PC and MAC
From your browser, go to:
Edit
--> Preferences.
Click
on "advanced" in the left window
(Netscape6: double-click) (Netscape 1: double click "Privacy and
Security" option).
Netscape6:
click on the sub-menu item named "cookies".
Select the "accept all cookies option" in the right window.
Click OK.
You've asked me to
clear cache on a page or the browser - how do I do that?
First, try clearing cache on a single page. This may refresh
a script which was loaded a bit wonky in your browser, giving you a clean copy.
Go to an affected page, then do a hard reload of that page
to override the cache. For most browsers on Windows, CTRL-F5 should do the
trick. On a Mac, the key combination is slightly different: command-shift-R
(command being the 'Apple' key).
To completely clear all browser cache
For Internet
Explorer/Windows
From the browser menu: Tools > Internet Options > General Select the "Temporary Internet Files"
section Press the button marked: [delete files]
Firefox (Mac &
Windows)
From the browser menu: Tools > Clear Recent History... When the dialog pops up, select the 'Cache'
option and de-select others Press the button marked: [Clear Now]
Safari Mac
From the menu bar: Safari > Empty Cache Press the button marked [Empty]
Safari Windows:
From the settings menu dropdown selector: Reset Safari > Select the 'Empty Cache'
selector only Press the button marked [Reset]
Opera Mac
From the menu bar: Opera > Preferences > Advanced >
History > Disc cache Press the button marked: [Empty now]
Opera Windows
From the browser menu: Tools > Preferences > Advanced >
History > Disc cache Press the button marked: [Empty now]
Google Chrome Windows
From the wrench icon on the browser toolbar: Tools > Clear browsing data > select
"Empty the cache" select the amount of data that you want to
delete Press the button marked: [Clear browsing data]
Google Chrome Mac
From the browser menu: Chrome > Clear browsing Data > select
"Empty the cache" select the amount of data that you want to
delete Press the button marked: [Clear browsing data]
After you have cleared your browser cache, reload the page
to refresh the content you see. SOURCE CODE NOT ACCEPTED/DISCOUNT NOT APPLIED?! Please note that only one source code can be applied per order.
First, be sure that you are
entering the source code exactly as it appears on your gift certificate or catalog offer, and that
the code has not expired. On the back of your catalog is your source code. If the
code is correct, then it is likely that your order does not meet the qualifications for using the
gift certificate or promotional code. Please call our customer service line at 800-543-8955 to
verify your source code. PAGE LOOPING BACK/NOT UPDATING INFO?! If you are being looped back to the
same page on the order form, or the form is not updating when you make changes, this
may happen if your Web browser is caching, or storing, an old copy of the page. You can
force your browser to update the page by holding down the Shift key on your keyboard and
simultaneously clicking the Reload or Refresh button on your browser. SYSTEM ERROR?!
These errors usually occur for only a short time. Please return to our Web
site and try again later.
Other troubleshooting tips. If your problem is not listed above, it's possible that one of these
suggestions may help: Refresh the page. If a page loads only halfway or takes a very long time
to load, clicking the "Stop" button at the top of your browser and then clicking "Reload" or
"Refresh" often solves the problem. Clear your cache. Most Web browsers temporarily store a
local copy of every page you visit. Clearing your cache deletes those files and makes room for
new ones. Go to the "Cache" or "Temporary Internet Files" option on your browser (on
Netscape, go to "Options" and choose "Network Preferences"; if you use Internet Explorer,
go to "Tools" and
choose "Internet Options"), and delete the files stored in your cache.
I have a great idea for a feature! How can I suggest it?
The best place to start is sending an e-mail to our Webmaster at Webmaster@gardenersedge.com
If none of these suggestions solves your problem, please contact custserv@gardenersedge.com
Please include as much information in your message as possible,
including:
.
Your contact information so that we may better serve you.(email,location, and phone)
.
Time at which the error occurred.
.
Your Browser Type. (ie, netscape, safari, firefox, aol, or other)
.
Your Internet Provider.
.
Specifics of the problem.
·
What point in the ordering process is causing you trouble?
·
If you are receiving an error message, what does it say?
·
What items are you trying to order?
Our Customer Service department will be happy to assist you. That number once again is 800-543-8955.
^
× Added Item(s)
Cart Total -
$0
Cart Checkout
× Oops!
Close