http://www.hmherbs.com/privacy-policy/
Newton Homeopathics
Newton Men Products
Newton Women Products
Newton's Kids Products
Newton's Pets Products
Single Remedies
Standard Enzyme
Vitalogic
Sign in
or Register
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Web Site Is A Big Commerce Store Safe And Secure
We Do Not Give, Share or Sell Your Name, Address,Credit Card Info., or E-Mail Address To or With Anyone.
Big Commerce takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Big Commerce treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Big Commerce does not own or control, or to people that Big Commerce does not employ or manage. In addition, certain Big Commerce associated companies such as Inktomi, Overture, and Altavista have their own privacy statements which can be viewed by clicking the links.
Big Commerce participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union. To view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site. For more information about Big Commerce participation in the Safe Harbor program, please visit our Safe Harbor details page. Information Collection and Use
General
Big Commerce collects personal information when you register with Big Commerce , when you use Big Commerce products or services, when you visit Big Commerce, pages or the pages of certain Big Commerce partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Big Commerce may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. When you register with Big Commerce and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Big Commerce collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.
Big Commerce automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Big Commerce cookie information, and the page you request.
Big Commerce uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Children
When a child under age 13 attempts to register with Big Commerce, we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Big Commerce Family Account to obtain parental permission.
Big Commerce does not contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent's permission.
Big Commerce does not ask a child under age 13 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion.
×
OK