https://www.dmk.dk/privacy-policy-terms-conditions
Follow us
Home|
DMK – Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
General information
Dansk Møbelkunst (DMK) specializes in rare, original works of Danish furniture as well as a wide range of applied artworks and light fixtures. Most of our products were created during 1920-70. Our products must therefore be treated with caution and with the understanding that they are not manufactured according to modern standards.
Title to ownership does not pass until DMK has received full payment. Unless otherwise agreed delivery is not included in the price.
When paying by bank transfer, please refer to invoice no. Interest will be charged on overdue payment pursuant to applicable law. Payment must be made in the currency specified on the invoice.
Dansk Møbelkunst, Aldersrogade 6c, 2100 Copenhagen (DMK) is data controller for your personal data.
DMK is required to protect your personal data when you establish a contract with us as a private supplier or private client, or when you use the other services we provide. We process personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and current legislation.
Collection of your personal data.
We collect personal data in the following situations:
When private suppliers establish contracts with us.
When private clients establish contracts with us or otherwise use the services we provide.
When you, as a private supplier, deliver products to us we collect data such as your name, address, phone number, and email address. This data is safely stored in our system.
When you, as a private client, express interest in purchasing a product, participating in an event, receiving newsletters, or otherwise using the services we provide, we collect your data in order to ensure that we can monitor your relationship with DMK, as well as to ensure that we can monitor your purchases. We collect data, such as your name, address, phone number, email address and a history of your previous purchases. This data is safely stored in our system.
Personal data is only collected, processed and stored when it has been willingly shared, such as in connection with a purchase, participation in an event, subscription to our newsletter, and when you contact us by phone, email, via our website or through personal attendance.
Purposes for the use of personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To efficiently handle the purchase/sale of products (e.g. in connection with invoices).
To allow us to efficiently contact you.
To efficiently respond to queries.
To send you our newsletter if you have requested to receive this.
To invite you to events and to effectively plan such events.
To offer you products and services you have requested.
For marketing purposes.
To fulfil our legal responsibilities.
We will only send you marketing material if you give us permission to do so and if you have previously opted to receive marketing material from us, you are always free to opt back out.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing material from us, we ask that you either unsubscribe directly through our newsletter or send us an email at info@dmk.dk. DMK does not share your personal data with any third parties for marketing purposes.
We reserve the right to pass on your personal data under certain circumstances. Your personal data may be passed on to
suppliers with whom we work in order to provide you with the services related to your association with DMK
other third parties, in connection with the purchase/sale of products, invitations to fairs or other related events
legal bodies if this is required by law.
Your data will only be passed on to the extent, and to the parties, required in order to supply the service requested.
Grounds for process of your personal data
We process your personal data on the following grounds:
Your consent
The processing being necessary in order to honour an arrangement with you or to take steps requested by you prior to the establishment of such an agreement.
The processing being necessary in order to fulfil our legal responsibilities.
Storage of your personal data.
DMK stores your personal data for as long as it is necessary in order to provide the services requested, to serve a justified purpose or to meet the requirements of current legislation. We remove personal data on a continuous basis, deleting data that has served the purpose for which it was stored.
Cookies
On our website we use Google Analytics to gather user related statistics. This is anonymous, and no personal data are registered. If you do not wish for us to use Google Analytics when visiting our website, please adjust your internet browser settings to decline cookies or opt out by using the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Your rights
Should you want access to the personal data we are processing at DMK, you can request this by contacting us at info@dmk.dk.
Should it turn out that this data is incorrect or misleading, you reserve the right to request that we amend, block, or delete this data. Furthermore, you are always free to protest further processing of your personal data, as well as to limit further processing of this.
If the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you reserve the right to rescind this consent. This rescinding of your consent will not affect the legality of processing that occurred before your consent was rescinded.
You can read more about your rights in the Danish Data Protection Agency’s guidance on data subjects’ rights, which you can find at: www.datatilsynet.dk. You also reserve the right to file a complaint at dt@datatilsynet.dk.
We update this Privacy Policy on a regular basis to ensure that it continues to provide the most accurate information possible, as well as to ensure that it is in accordance with current legislation. This means that this Privacy Policy will be changed and updated on a regular basis. The current version of this Privacy Policy is available on www.dmk.dk
Questions
You are always welcome to contact us with questions regarding our Terms & Conditions, our Privacy Policy or the personal data of yours that we store and process: Please contact us by email: info@dmk.dk or phone: +45 33323837
This privacy policy was last revised on 23.06.2020.
Designers
Alvar Aalto
Arne Jacobsen
Hans J. Wegner
Finn Juhl
Kaare Klint
Poul Henningsen
Poul Kjærholm
See all
Collection
Chairs
Coffee Tables
Desks
Easy chairs
Lighting
Objects
Textiles
Sofas
Storage
Tables
Contemporary
News
About
Contact
Please subscribe to our newsletter to receive updates on the gallery’s activities
Leave this field empty if you're human:
X