https://www.stampxpress.com/privacy.aspx
Free Standard Shipping on orders over $30.00!
My Account
Contact Us
Sign In
stampXpress
Call 1-888-628-5455
Cart
0 Products $0.00
Create a Stamp
Design a Stamp
return to homepage
Shop By Brand
ExcelMark
Ideal
Trodat
Shiny
Xstamper
2000 Plus
Comet
Pullman
PSI
return to homepage
Shop By Mount
Self-Inking Stamps
Pre-Inked Stamps
Traditional Wooden Stamps
Pocket Stamps
Quick Dry Stamps
return to homepage
Shop By Use
Return Address Stamps
Bank Deposit Stamps
Date Stamps
Holiday Stamps
Identity Theft Protection Stamps
Inspection Stamps
Logo Stamps
Monogram Stamps
Notary Stamps and Seals
Novelty Stamps
Number Stamps
Operation Write Home Stamps
Professional Seals
Office Stamps
Teacher Stamps
return to homepage
Embossers
Address Embossers
Notary Embossers
Professional Embossers
return to homepage
Ink & Accessories
Refill Ink
Ink Pads
Accessories
return to homepage
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Please note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
We value the trust you have placed in us, and your continued confidence is important to us. As you review our pledge, please remember that:
We make safeguarding the information we manage about our customers a priority.
We maintain security practices to keep customer information safe.
What Information is collected?
Information we receive such as your name, address, phone number and credit card number when the order is placed.
Collection of information on our Web site may include data such as pages visited, downloads, and other Web sites from which visitors arrived.
We may collect this information to personalize the information displayed and to enhance the performance of the site. The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
How information is used?
By collecting and maintaining accurate personal information, we learn more about our customer's needs so that we are able to provide better customer service.
Help ensure the security of customer transactions with StampXpress in order to process your order more efficiently.
Provide you with products and services designed to match your needs now and in the future.
Introduce you to special offers and opportunities available through the StampXpress family of companies.
Safeguard your non-public personal information
Our employees access nonpublic personal information in relation to their job functions and the services they provide to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
On our web site, we use a full range of Internet security measures such as Secure Socket Layer, Data Encryption, and a user login name and password when necessary.
Disclosure of information
For legal reasons, we may be required to disclose information to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights, property or safety.
We may release information to a website hosting partner or other parties who assist us in operating our website so long as all parties keep the information confidential.
Join Our Mailing List:
Custom Rubber Stamps
Inspection Stamps
Office Stamps
Date Stamps
Number Stamps
Notary Stamps & Seals
Address Stamps
Home
Shopping Cart
My Account
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Customer Reviews
FAQ
On-Line Catalogs
Stamp Glossary
Site Map
Warranty
Shipping
Order Changes & Cancellations
Returns
© 2020 StampXpress.com