http://www.scorebridge.com/privacy.html
ScoreBridge
Features
Wireless
SB Dealer
Download
Pricing
Contact & Support
FAQ
Privacy Information
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we
collect about you when you use our service, this website or deal with us as a business.
What information do we collect about you?
If you visit our website, then usage information will be collected, but this will be anonymous and we will not
make any attempt to link it to you as a real person.
If you are a customer, we keep your contact and club details for sending you invoices, licences and for providing
support.
How will we use the information about you?
As a simple principle, all information is used only for these primary purposes.
We may share your club details with potential customers if they request a reference. We will contact you prior to
this for your permission. If you prefer us not to pass on your club website and email address for this please tell
us.
We may need to send your name and/or club name to your supplier of wireless scoring software for technical support
or if they are licencing a computer for you.
ScoreBridge Limited does not provide information to other organisations outside of these purposes.
What is the purpose of this processing?
All categories of processing described above are completed because they are in the legitimate interest of the data
subject.
Marketing
We would like to send you occasional information about other services/features which may be of interest to you.
You can opt out at any point, to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. A link to unsubscribe will be
contained in every newsletter email.
How & where we store your information
Personal information is stored in our customer database, which is hosted in the UK.
Access to your information and correction
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or
remove information you think is inaccurate.
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect information for several reasons. ScoreBridge Limited
does not use cookies to track you.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you by email to
help@ScoreBridge.com
Last review date April 2020
Features
Purchase / Pricing Information
Download a free 8 week trial
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us / Support
Copyright © 2018 ScoreBridge Limited |
Privacy Policy & Cookie Information