https://www.hammond.com/privacy-policy.htm
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
This privacy policy was last updated on April, 2020
Hammond Greetings and Promotions  markets specifically to businesses and/or individuals located in the US and Canada.
This Terms of Use and Privacy Policy explains our online information practices. Hammond Greetings and Promotions  is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the information below regarding your use of our website.
Terms Of Use
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our sites Terms of Use, and by accessing or using our site, you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms do not access or use this site.
We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon posting on this site. It is your responsibility to review this site and this Privacy Policy periodically.  You’ll find the date of the most recent update at the top of the page.
Your continued use of the site after such updates will constitute your acknowledgement and acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
Hammond Greetings and Promotions may change or discontinue any aspect, service or feature of this website at any time, without notice, including, but not limited to, content.
Copyright Ownership
The website contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the entire contents of the website are copyrighted as a collective work under the United States copyright laws. Hammond Greetings and Promotions  licenses, is authorized to publish, or owns copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it.
You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, without express permission of Hammond Greetings and Promotions  You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law or by this Site, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express permission of Hammond Greetings and Promotions  and the copyright owner.
In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material.
Hammond Greetings and Promotions  respects the rights of all copyright holders and in this regard, Hammond Greetings and Promotions  has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of staff members or website users who infringe the rights of copyright holders. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide Hammond Greetings and Promotions ’s Copyright Agent the appropriate information required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512.
For copyright inquiries please contact:
Whitney Hammond
Hammond Greetings and Promotions
3472 Research Pkwy, Suite 104
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: 888.553.2590
Email: whitney@hammond.com
The Information We Collect
In order to best provide you with information and services, we may collect two types of information about our website users:
Information You provide
Personal information you provide when subscribing to our emails, requesting information that requires you to enter your contact information, or sending a request from a web form or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. You are under no obligation to provide this information to peruse our site. This information includes the following categories:
Personal Contact Information
Topics of interest
Industry Information
Company Information
Information Collected by Our Computer
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non-Personally Identifiable information. In this case we don’t collect any of your personal information but  we gather information about your usage of our website based upon where you visit on our site in several ways.
Our goal when collecting this information from you is to provide you with the most efficient and customized experience while using our site.
We work with third parties to provide us with analyses of the usage and browsing patterns of visitors to our site by tracking non-personally identifiable information about our visitors.
Hammond Greetings and Promotions  currently uses these following third party applications:
Google Analytics
Facebook Advertising
Google AdSense
Mail Chimp
These services are cookie-based and do not collect personal information, but do collect user data for purposes of conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users’ interests.
Each third party is subject to its own privacy policy.
How We Use Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may use the information you provide us about yourself to communicate with you, such as to send you email newsletter updates, notify you about our promotions and services or solicit additional information from you. We will also use your information to enhance the operation of our site, such as improve our marketing and promotional efforts, statistically analyze site use, and improve our service offerings.
We may also use the information we collect through third-party identifiers to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
We may also use your information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreements with you, including our site Terms of Use, sales terms and conditions, and this Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure to Others
We may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifiable information to others.
We also may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.
Your information may be shared through our business arrangements with third parties through services, such as conversion tracking and serving ads targeted to users’ interests. Please refer to the section below on “Cookies” for more information on how you can opt-out of internet based advertising through the “Do Not Track” functionality in your web browser.
When you access certain social media features through our site, you will be sharing information with that social media provider. The information you provide to that social media provider will be governed by their privacy policy.
Cookies
To give you the best online experience possible we may at times use cookies or similar technologies. A cookie is a small data text file, which a website stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to enter our site with personally identifiable information that information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Cookies make your use of the site easier, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. At this time Hammond Greetings and Promotions does recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site may not work properly in that case. For any questions dealing with the disabling of cookies please consult the “Help” section of your web browser.
Links To Outside Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites. You understand that these websites are not under our control and are not subject to our Privacy Policy. Although we only link to reputable websites,  we have no responsibility for these websites and provide links to these websites solely for your convenience.
You acknowledge that your use and access of these other websites is solely at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy policies of these other websites to see how they use your personal information.
Privacy of Minors
We will not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors that are under 18 years of age.
Privacy Policies of Third Party Sites
Except as otherwise discussed in this Agreement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy and terms of use. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Additionally, other companies which may place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact those advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Email Communication Subscriptions
Hammond Greetings and Promotions abides by  the CAN-SPAM Act, a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out penalties for violations.
Hammond Greetings and Promotions does not manually add anyone to our email marketing system, which we use to delivers newsletters, updates and offers.  We also allow you to “unsubscribe” from email marketing communications, via a link at the bottom of all company related emails.
You may also unsubscribe by contacting us at whitney@hammond.com  at any time and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Miscellaneous Privacy Issues
You should be aware that any information that you publicly disclose on any public areas of this site can be collected and used by third parties and this may result in unsolicited messages from those parties. This is beyond our control. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
How You Can Correct or Access Information
If you have sent us your information via one of our forms and wish to access your personal information that you provide to us, you may email us at whitney@hammond.com or write to
the street address that is listed below.
Please include your first name, last name, and email address.
Hammond Greetings and Promotions
3472 Research Pkwy, Suite 104
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
whitney@hammond.com
Comments and Questions
If you have a comment or question about this Terms Of Use And Privacy Policy please contact whitney@hammond.com
Updates of the Privacy Policy
We may from time to time update this Agreement. We will notify you about any changes we have made by posting the latest update date at the top of this webpage.
We encourage you to check this Agreement frequently so you will always know how we are collecting, using, and sharing your information.