http://www.badplanet.com/asp/iprivacy.asp
CHILDREN'SCOSTUMES
ADULTCOSTUMES
SEXYCOSTUMES
PLUS SIZECOSTUMES
COSTUMEACCESSORIES
HALLOWEENMASKS
SALES &CLOSEOUTS
LICENSEDDISNEY
LICENSEDHORROR
LICENSEDSCI-FI
LICENSEDMOVIES
LICENSEDTV
HALLOWEENPROPS
COUPLESCOSTUMES
Shopping Bag
Items:   0
Sub-Total:   $0.00
Halloween CostumesClick Here!
Customer Service
Getting Started
Payment Options
Shipping Options
Shipping Costs
Order Status
View A Quote
Cancel an Order
Return Policy
Problems Ordering
Costume Sizes
Contact Us
About Us
Links
Privacy Policy
Link To Us
Sell To Us
Privacy Policy
Bad Planet Costumes is a Bad Planet company!
Please read this policy in it's entirety.
General Online Privacy Protection
Bad Planet Costumes respects the privacy concerns of the users of its web sites.
As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected
from users of its web sites. However, certain non-personal information is
recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers. Information,
such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your
domain name is gathered in order to customize your online experience.
Other uses of this information include internal review of the number
of users to the Sites, but only in an aggregate and
non-personally-identifiable form. We do not sell or give this data to
other parties.
Personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection
with your voluntarily filling out forms in the checkout process or other
areas of the site is retained by <%=websitename%> and is not sold or otherwise
transferred outside the company. This information may be used to better
understand your use of the site.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
Bad Planet Costumes does not collect information specially related to children, age or
gender. Just as with adults, personal information about or obtained from a
child will not be used for commercial or trade purposes.
Only legal adults
may make a credit card purchase on the Bad Planet Costumes web site. Children age 13 or
under may not make any purchase but their parents or legal guardians may make the
purchase for them.
Illegal Activity, Fraud or Non-Payment for Merchandise
In the event of any illegal activity on the Bad Planet Costumes web site, we reserve
the right to turn over the information collected to the appropriate authorities,
lawyers and credit collection personnel. This includes attempts to hack into or
otherwise compromise the Bad Planet Costumes web sites.
Also included is any fraudulent use
of credit cards, checks, money orders or wire transfers.
Bad Planet Costumes reserves the right to use all legal means to recover payment for any
orders shipped.
This includes non-payment as a result of credit card chargebacks
or disputes, and checks with insufficient funds or stop payment.
If you have any specific questions related to any of the information contained on
this page please contact Bad Planet Costumes Customer Service at
sales@badplanet.com
©2020  Bad Planet Costumes a Bad Planet Company!
All rights reserved.