http://www.silver.uk.com/privacy--cookie-policy.htm
What's New
Silver Bangles
Silver Bracelets
Silver Earrings
Silver Necklaces
Silver Pendants
Silver Rings
Silver Sets
Bestsellers
Watches
Collections
Birthstones
For Him
Simply Amber
Stacking Jewellery
Personalised
Children's Jewellery
Spirit Of The Red Sea
Handmade From Bali
Gifting
A Little Keepsake Collection
We Love
Chakra Collection
Spin Rings Collection
Artisan Crafted
Celestial Collection
9ct Gold
Zodiac Collection
More Silver
Summer Accessories
Scarf Collection
Vessel Collection
Jewellery Cases
Privacy Policy
Our Promise to you
Silver by Mail is committed to protecting your privacy; we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and use this information to make your shopping experience as easy and enjoyable as possible.
Silver by Mail is the trading name of Z Marketing Ltd, a company incorporated in England and our company number is 04452382. We are a data controller registered with the Information Commissioner.
As with all eCommerce websites, we collect your personal information when you shop with Silver by Mail. It is required to process your order, inform you of any problems and occasionally to send you special offers and promotions.
The Information We Collect
Your full name – so we know what to call you
Email address – so we can email your order confirmations, delivery information, offers etc. You can unsubscribe here at any time. Please allow up to 12 days for you request to be updated across all our systems.
Delivery address – so we can send your order to the correct place
Telephone number – we’ll only ever call if we need to talk to you about your order with us
Credit card details – encrypted to the highest security standards.
We also retain information provided by our website visitors, such as registration information, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). On request with verification, we will give the visitor a reminder with unique identifier information (e.g., customer password). Visitors also have the ability to correct inaccuracies in contact information and unique identifiers.
There are circumstances where we may have received personal data from trusted third parties including Epsilon, Sub2, Experian and Conexance to try and reach new customers. They would have received an individual’s name from another mail-order company and this customer indicated to them they wouldn’t mind receiving offers from companies such as Silver by Mail. If this applies to you, you can email us at contactus@silver.uk.com or write to The Data Protection Officer, Freepost RTLH-ZKYB-RYSA, Nottingham, NG4 1BR at any time and ask not to receive any mailings from Silver by Mail in the future.
How We Use Your Information
When you shop with us, you’re entering a contract and that’s one of the bases we use for processing your data. Under data protection law, it is considered a legitimate business interest for us to use our customers’ details for direct marketing. We understand that not everybody wants to receive our offers and promotions, so if you do not wish to receive any further email messages from us, you can either click unsubscribe at the bottom of any of our emails or email us at contactus@silver.uk.com with this request.
If you do not wish to receive any further posted catologue mailings from us, you can either email us at contactus@silver.uk.com with this request or write to The Data Protection Officer, Freepost RTLH-ZKYB-RYSA, Nottingham, NG4 1BR.
If you have opted in to receiving offers in the post from companies who we think may interest you, but have now changed your mind, please contact us via email telephone ot post or update your marketing preferences via your online account.
Please ensure you include your full name and address as well as account number, if applicable. As catalogues are printed in advance, so it may take up to 8 weeks for the process to be complete.
We may also use your Information to provide you with targeted digital advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. For more detailed information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ad
Sharing Information With Others
Circumstances where we may share some of your data with others include the use of credit reference agencies, fraud prevention and detection agencies, delivery companies and data processing analysts that we use to process the orders you place with us or who assist us in the service we provide to you. In these instances, we provide them with only the information they need to perform their function.
Epsilon Abacus (registered as Epsilon International UK Ltd), a company that manages the Abacus Alliance on behalf of UK retailers. The participating retailers are active in the following product categories: clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors. They share information on what their customers buy. Epsilon Abacus analyses this pooled information to help retailers understand consumers’ wider buying patterns. From this information, retailers can tailor their communications, sending people suitable offers that should be of interest to them, based on what they like to buy.
Your personal data is shared with Experian Ltd for the purposes of managing a service called Club Canvasse, a home shopping and direct retailer data co-operative of which Silver by Mail are members. By sharing information on what customers buy and pooling that with contributions from other members of the co-operative, the service allows Silver by Mail to better understand our customers and to communicate with you more effectively.
We work with Sub2 Technologies Limited ("Sub2"), a company which assists us with postal marketing. Sub2 manages a co-operative which is made up of brands which engage in postal marketing. These brands share with Sub2 information about individuals, including you, who receive their postal marketing. This information is pooled and analysed by Sub2 so that Sub2 can better understand your interests and consumer habits. The result is that your data will be shared with other brands which Sub2 thinks you may want to hear from (unless you have opted-out), so that you receive postal marketing which is tailored to you. The types of brand that you are likely to hear from may be in the retail industry or may be in other industries, including but not limited to the financial services, charity, or utilities industries, but in each case, they data will only be shared for postal marketing purposes.
We also work with a Company called Conexance that processes customer transactional data on behalf of each Member. This process highlights spending patterns and allows us to identify suitable prospects to receive an introduction from us via the post. Thus, we send offers and information only to prospective customers that are likely to be interested in buying from us. Co-op Member brands operate in numerous categories, including apparel, home and garden, collectables, food and wine, gadgets and gifts, entertainment, health and beauty, travel and leisure. If you would like to exclude certain categories or rather your information was not included in this processing at all just email dpo@conexancemd.com and we will ensure it is not shared for the purpose above.
In the unlikely event that our business assets are ever sold to or purchased by another company our data records are part of our business.
We will never pass on your details to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes unless you agreed to it when you first registered with Silver by Mail or later agreed to do so.
How long We Keep Information
Any information relating to your account, including your customer details, order history and correspondence records is kept while you are still an active customer.
Your Rights
You have a right to access any data we hold about you and we will deal with any subject access request within 30 days. To request information that we may hold on you please email contactus@silver.uk.com with the subject line “Right of Access Request”.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory body if you feel your data is being misused. Contact the Information Commissioners Office for more information on this but we would hope that you would discuss any concerns you may have first with us.
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning yourself which you have provided to us as the data controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided.
You have a right for your data to be forgotten and erased from our systems. If you would like this to happen, please email contactus@silver.uk.com with the Subject Line “Right to be Forgotten Request”. We will need to confirm your identity before doing this and we will be extremely sorry to see you go. Please note under some circumstances we may be able to refuse this request for example the HMRC requires companies to keep records of VAT for up to 6 years.
Please note that the data cleansing process is total and we will have no records of your previous interaction. This is specific interest to rules following the Right to be Forgotten, which in turn may mean that we can legally acquire your data from opted in sources at a later data with no knowledge that you were once previous customer.
If you have any further questions about your personal data or our privacy policy, please contact us at contactus@silver.uk.com.
For any further information please write to:
The Data Protection Officer
Freepost RTLH-ZKYB-RYSA
Nottingham
NG4 1BR
Cookies
Cookies are small amount of data delivered to your hard drive via a web browser to enable us to process your orders more rapidly and to provide a fast and easy shopping experience. We use cookies to record the visitor's session information (such as the visitor's shopping selections when ordering) and to record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewing.
For more detailed information on what cookies are please read the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your specific browser Help option for more on how to do this). Please be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit so is generally not recommended.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletter related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Order processing related cookies
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Form entry related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third party cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how our visitors use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to offer great products and content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use other third party analytics tools such as Crazyegg and Hotjar to track and measure usage of this site that also track onsite behaviour.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
The Google Advertising service we use to serve ads to our customers uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.
The behavioural advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest. We use a company called Sub2 to help with this and also display the most relevant content on the website and in some emails.
We have some partner companies that advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.
We work with Sub2 Technologies Limited ("Sub2") in order to maximise website user engagement. Sub2 helps us to use cookies, which are stored onto your device when you visit our website. Data from these cookies is used to identify when you take certain actions on a website. This information is then used for the purposes of providing you with marketing which is more relevant to you and your interests. We also work with Sub2 Technologies relation to digital display advertising for our website. Sub2 works with third party advertising networks to let them know when to use cookies via our website. When cookies are used and stored on your device, data from these cookies is processed by Sub2 and by their third party advertising partners to serve you with advertising that is relevant to you, based on your previous browsing habits. The data is also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; {List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Our review service Feefo also requires the use of cookies to work effectively as does our recommendation program Mention Me.
More Information
If you require more information on cookies or further help in disabling them then please contact us via email - contactus@silver.uk.com or telephone 03453073297
Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving customer data exchanged with our site server.
SIGN-UP FOR THE LATEST NEWS, OFFERS AND IDEAS