http://www.flyclothing.com/content/terms-and-conditions-of-use.html
Home Terms & Conditions of UsePlease read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using Flyclothing.com (referred to as "web site"). By using and purchasing from our web site, you signify your consent to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree, please do not use or purchase from our website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes.Restrictions of Use of Materials Flyclothing.com is owned and operated by Flyclothing, LLC. No material from our web site, owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Flyclothing, LLC may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial home use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of Flyclothing, LLC’s copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. All trademark, service marks and trade names are proprietary to Flyclothing, LLC. In the event you download software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively the "software") are licensed to you by Flyclothing, LLC. Flyclothing, LLC does not transfer title of the software to you. You own the medium on which the software is recorded, but Flyclothing, LLC does not transfer title to the software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the software to a human-readable form.Submissions We at Flyclothing, LLC are pleased to hear from our loyal fans and welcome your comments regarding Flyclothing, LLC products, including our online services. Unfortunately, Flyclothing, LLC’s long-standing company policy does not allow it to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those specifically requested. We hope you will understand that it is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by Flyclothing, LLC might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. Accordingly, we must regretfully ask that you do not send us any original creative material.Forums and Public Communication "Forum" means a chat area, bulletin board or e-mail function offered as part of the Flyclothing, LLC presence. You shall not upload to, distribute or otherwise publish through the Flyclothing, LLC web site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or that would otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. It is our policy to respect the privacy of all guests. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of registration data, we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a guest’s e-mail unless required in the course of normal maintenance of the Flyclothing, LLC web site and its systems or unless required by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Flyclothing, LLC; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Flyclothing, LLC; or (c) act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public. Guests shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.Return PolicyOur Return Policy is very simple! No prior authorization is needed but the product you are returning or exchanging must be returned within 30 days of receiving the order or no refund or exchange will be granted. If you are returning an item(s), you will be refunded the price of the product and any taxes or fees minus freight charges. If you are exchanging an item, please return the item to us and write a note describing the new size or item you would prefer on your invoice. Once received, we will ship the requested item out and pay for return shipping to you. Items in the clearance category or items marked with ".00" (for example $60.00) are also considered clearance and are not eligible for return or exchange. If you are returning any of the following lines including: Adtec, Unik, BC Conner, Black Creek, Silverado or Zota shoes, a 15% restocking fee applies.If you use the make an offer feature on the Flyclothing.com website and we accept the price, the item(s) you ordered are not returnable or exchangeable.  This is also listed in our Terms and Conditions of use.We maintain the right to inspect returned merchandise to determine whether replacement or adjustment is valid. Be sure to inspect your merchandise once received. We inspect each item before it leaves the warehouse. Please read shirt care instructions. We do not accept warn or washed items for return, i.e. Halloween costumes. If an item has any human, perfume or wash odor, a refund will not be granted.If you use Customer Rewards Points to pay for another order, the items used to gain points are not returnable but can be exchanged for something of equal or greater value (additional charges apply).International Order Returns & ExchangesOn international exchanges, there is an additional shipping charge for returning the exchanged item. Please ask any questions regarding our products prior to ordering to avoid exchanging an item. We do not refund orders for lost or stolen packages.Package DeliveryOnce a package is scanned and delivered by the U.S.P.S, we consider it delivered and the order completed. If you did not choose a method of delivery with signature confirmation such as UPS Ground, UPS 2nd Day or UPS overnight, then you accept liability for the packages delivery. We will not credit accounts if packages are lost or stolen. Please take into consideration the safety of the delivery area when choosing a shipping method. By placing an order on the Flyclothing.com website, you agree with these terms.RefundsWe do not refund orders for lost or stolen packages. By placing an order, you agree with our Terms & Conditions.Termination These terms are effective unless terminated by either party. You may terminate these terms at any time by destroying all materials obtained from any and all Flyclothing, LLC web sites and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of these terms or otherwise. These terms will terminate immediately without notice from Flyclothing, LLC.Disclaimer The materials in this web site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible to applicable law, Flyclothing, LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, Flyclothing, LLC does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this web site or the server that makes such materials available are free of viruses or other harmful components, Flyclothing, LLC does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this web site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. You (and not Flyclothing, LLC) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusive may not apply to you.Right to RefuseFlyclothing, LLC has the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Flyclothing, LLC believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Flyclothing, LLC.Right To Refuse OrdersFlyclothing, LLC maintains the right to refuse any order. In the case that Flyclothing, LLC chooses to refuse to fulfill an order the customer will be contacted via the email address provided, and their credit card will be refunded the appropriate amount in a prompt manner. Flyclothing, LLC may choose to refuse an order because of an error in pricing information, product availability, product size or shipping costs, or for any other reason.Newsletter Sign-up CouponIf you received an alert to sign up for our newsletter and signed up, you will immediately receive a coupon code. This coupon code can be used on a future order and is not retroactive (It cannot be used on previous orders). This incentive may also be removed at any time.Indemnification Members of any membership area on any Flyclothing, LLC web site are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account. Furthermore, members are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under their account and agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the providers for any liability or expense arising from such use or misuse. Members agree to immediately notify the providers of any unauthorized use of their account or any other breach of security known to them.Limitation of Liability Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Flyclothing, LLC be liable for any or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this web site, even if Flyclothing, LLC or a Flyclothing, LLC representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall Flyclothing, LLC’s total liability to you for all damages, loses an causes of action whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this web site.Typographical Errors In the event a Flyclothing, LLC product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our vendors, Flyclothing, LLC shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Flyclothing, LLC shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Flyclothing, LLC shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Flyclothing, LLC may choose various third party web sites to link from its own site. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Flyclothing, LLC, Flyclothing, LLC has no control over these linked web sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Flyclothing, LLC. Flyclothing, LLC has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. These linked web sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Flyclothing, LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own web site, but the sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).Age Requirements To purchase online with Flyclothing, LLC you must be 18 years of age or older or you must have consent from a parent or legal guardian. We appreciate your business and thank you for shopping on line with Flyclothing, LLC. The content of this web site is protected by United States and international copyright, trademark and other laws. All rights reserved.
About Flyclothing.comFlyclothing.com was born in the summer of June 2002 in Venice Beach, CA with the discovery of one rock and roll line of clothing and then expanded into rock and roll, retro and fashion apparel.  It pioneered many brands and was one of the 1st companies to bring apparel online.  It has been over 18 years since that moment and the company has since expanded from its beginnings into many other styles and brands. Flyclothing.com continues to focus on being the #1 destination for rock and roll clothing by expanding the product brands, delivering competitive pricing and an excellent customer experience.My Account..My Account..My orders..My credit slips..My addresses..My personal info..LoginContact Us..Contact usPO Box 1715Higley, AZ 85236480.422.7350888.359.2568Hours 10:00-5:00 (MST)Information..Privacy Policy..Terms & Conditions..Flyclothing Secure Payment..Shipping & Return Policy..Customer Loyalty Program..Special Offers..About us..SitemapNewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter and keep up with news, promotions, sales and discounts!
subscribe
Youtube
Copyright © 2000-2020 Flyclothing, LLC. All rights reserved.
Product successfully added to the product comparison!Product successfully removed from the product comparison! Continue shopping Go to Compare