http://www.thewinfieldcollection.com/privacy_pledge
Bird Project Patterns
Yard Shadow Patterns
Christmas Designs
Halloween Designs
Other Holiday Designs
Pallet Wood Projects
Dress Up Darlings
Motorized Designs
Furniture Wood Plans
Child & Toy Projects
Layered Animal Plans
Patio Paver Pals
Scroll Saw Designs
Indoor Decor Patterns
Sale Items & Bargains
Supplies
Paints & Supplies
Wood & Materials
Blades & Accessories
Books, DVDs & Videos
Hardware
Parts Kits
Unique Items
All-Weather Displays
Magnets
Wholesale
Wholesale Patterns
Indoor Christmas
NEW Items
Wishlist
QuickOrder
Latest Catalog
Search
Home / privacy pledge
Privacy Pledge
Privacy Policy
The Winfield Collection has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to user privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for thewinfieldcollection.com as well as e-mail newsletters. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information.
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected on thewinfieldcollection.com and not to information that is collected by The Winfield Collection mail order catalog or through any other means.
1. Personal Information Collection and Use
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us. For example, if you submit an inquiry to us, sign up for our newsletter or a sweepstakes on thewinfieldcollection.com, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details (name, e-mail address, mailing address, etc.).
When you submit your personally identifiable information through thewinfieldcollection.com, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third parties without your consent, except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will use the information you provide us only for the purpose of responding to your inquiry or in connection with the service for which you provided such information. For example, if you sign up for our email newsletter, we may use your e-mail address to send you periodic e-mails. We may forward your contact information and inquiry to our affiliates and other divisions of our company that we feel can best address your inquiry or provide you with the requested service. We may also use the information you provide in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees, agents and partners.
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include, without limitation, customer support and fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that coordinate mailings). Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
In addition, we may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal proceeding or governmental request.
2. E-mail addresses
We do not want you to receive unwanted e-mail from us. We try to make it easy to opt-out of any service you have asked to receive. If you sign-up to our e-mail newsletter we do not sell, exchange or give your e-mail address to a third party.
E-mail addresses are collected via the thewinfieldcollection.com website, co-registration partners and third-party marketing lists and promotions. Users have to physically opt-in to receive thewinfieldcollection.com newsletter and a verification e-mail is sent.
Thewinfieldcollection.com is clearly and conspicuously named at the point of collection.
Thewinfieldcollection.com uses e-mail addresses to send its weekly newsletters and occasional mailings to assist in market research.
We sometimes run sweepstakes with our partners and sweepstakes entries may require you to provide an e-mail address. These e-mail addresses may be shared with the partner running the competition. We try to make it very clear when this is the case and we have no responsibility for subsequent use or distribution of e-mail addresses by our partners.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by e-mailing us at cserv@thewinfieldcollection.com.
The security of your personal information, including your e-mail address and zip code, is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during registration and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure, however. Therefore, though we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If we decide to change our e-mail practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we think appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to our e-mail practices, we will notify you here, by e-mail, and by means of a notice on our home page.
3. Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your e-mail address changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate your details by visiting the Contact Us page at http://www.thewinfieldcollection.com/contact
4. Tracking Technologies
Tracking technologies are set up on thewinfieldcollection.com to monitor open and click performance for all visits.
Cookies are only used once a user enters our website and then only to identify, discriminate and count the unique users visiting our website.
5. Log Files
Thewinfieldcollection.com records details of individual accesses to its Web pages. This information may include details of Internet IP addresses and browser types. We use this information to provide a more relevant site for you. In addition, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Access by third parties to full log files may be allowed under controlled circumstances for the purposes of auditing. Abstracted log information not showing individual's actual Internet addresses is provided to third parties.
6. Cookies
Thewinfieldcollection.com uses cookies to improve user experience, such as enhancing navigation and relevancy of product and information on the site. Your Web browser should allow you to choose whether or not to allow cookies - you can still use our site if you have them disabled.
7. Third Party Sites
Thewinfieldcollection.com has an area on its website entitled Helpful Links that leaves thewinfieldcollection.com and takes you directly to third party websites that offer products or information we feel may be of interest to our website visitors.
These websites may collect personally identifiable information from you, such as your name, address, credit card details or details pertaining to other methods of payment. These websites may have their own privacy policies which will govern how such sites use and share your personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on thewinfieldcollection.com. Please note that The Winfield Collection has no input into, and is not responsible for, the privacy practices nor any other content of other Web sites.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from thewinfieldcollection.com.
8. Third Party Advertisers
The advertising banners and other forms of advertising that may appear on this website are sometimes delivered to you, on our behalf, by a third party. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, the third party may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
9. Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain aspects of our entities or assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on thewinfieldcollection.com you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
10. Notification of Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
11. Comments
We have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to thewinfieldcollection.com is an excellent one and that your privacy is respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail via our Contact Us link or by writing to the following address:
The Winfield Collection
8350 Silver Lake Road
Linden, MI 48451
Shipping Info
|
FAQs
|
Showroom
|
Privacy Pledge
|
Copyrights
|
Order a Catalog
|
Order Form
|
Refer-a-Friend
ScrollerOnline.com
Affiliates
Helpful Links   Mobile Version
© Copyright 2018 The Winfield Collection, All Rights Reserved.Developed in and hosted by CommerceV3.