https://www.artimpressions.com/privacy-policy/
Free US Shipping on Orders over $50!
NavigationHome
Shop
Online Store
On Sale
Quick Order Form
Catalogs
AI Gift Certificate
Locate Dealer
Find Ai Near You
2020 Show Schedule
Ai Warehouse Sale
About Us
Bonnie’s Coloring Rules & Suggestions
Angel Policy
Contact Us
FAQ – Frequently Asked Questions
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Watercolor Dots Inspiration Page
Wholesale Information
Shop
Online Store
On Sale
Quick Order Form
Catalog
Ai Gift Certificate
Locate Dealer
Find Ai Near You
2019 Show Schedule
2020 Show Schedule
Ai Warehouse Sale
About Us
Angel Policy
Contact Us
FAQ – Frequently Asked Questions
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Wholesale Information
My account
Cart
My account
0 items$0.00
Home / Privacy Policy
ART IMPRESSIONS’ PRIVACY POLICY
Effective May 24, 2018.
We collect personal information for the sole purpose of fulfilling orders and marketing through email newsletter correspondence and social media, enabling us to offer you the highest quality service and products possible.
We take all steps responsibly necessary to ensure your information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law. All pages within our checkout process and areas containing information that could personally identify you are secured using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology, which encrypts data between our computer and yours. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
We consider your privacy a priority and will use appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, collection, use, or disposal of your information. Be assured that we will never sell or abuse this information. You may choose to have your information removed from our website system and email list at any time.
1. What personal info do we collect?
a. Account Information – when you create an account, we may collect your name, email, address, company name, and telephone number. You must be 16 years or older to set up an account with us.
b. Payment, Shipping and Delivery Information – we collect payment information (such as Authorize.net or PayPal) and shipping information (processed through ShipStation) when you shop with us.
c. Contact Us Information – when you contact us with questions, comments, concerns or complaints, you will provide us with your name and email address.
d. Opt-In Email Campaign Information – you provide your email address and name to receive promotional marketing emails. You can opt out at any time by unsubscribing at the bottom of any such marketing email. You must be 16 years or older to opt into our marketing emails.
e. Social Media Content – we collect user content you submit via our social media accounts (such as Facebook, Instagram, Blogger, or Pinterest). Using the functions of these third-party sites (“liking,” “sharing” or commenting) is subject to those sites’ terms of use.
f. Site Usage information – we or service providers (such as Google Analytics) we employ collect information whenever you visit or use our website. This info may include (but isn’t limited to): what type of web browser and computer operating system you use you use; the time and day you visit the site; pages you visit on the site; links you click on the site; websites you visit prior to and following your visit to the site; any search engine terms you used that lead you to the site; whether an email message you received from us was opened and any links therein clicked. Some of this information is stored as “cookies”, which helps us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, and remember site preferences to better serve you.
g. Job Application Information – when you apply for an open position at Art Impressions we collect your name, email, and phone number. You are also asked to provide a resume that lists your work history and experience. You may also be asked to provide a portfolio showcasing examples of your work.
h. Store Locator – wholesale customers are automatically added to our store locator function on our website, which information is passed to Google Maps API.
2. How do we use the information we collect?
a. To fulfill orders you have made on our websites.
b. To communicate with you about our products, services, and activities.
c. To provide customer service, including responses to inquiries, alerting you to changes in our policies or about product recalls.
d. To analyze online behavioral trends with the aim of improving the online shopping experience and effectiveness of promotions we may present to you.
e. To target the advertising content we show you on our sites, social media sites, or third-party sites.
f. To administer a contest, promotion, or other site feature.
g. To consider you for employment within our organization.
h. As permitted by law, we will share your information with government authorities if subpoenaed.
i. In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, or acquisition, we may transfer your information with a provided notice.
3. What steps do we take to keep your information secure?
a. We take all required steps to secure your information in accordance with law and general best practices. Please be advised that no computer system is 100% secure and you use our sites and submit information at your risk. We advise that you use strong passwords to prevent accounts from being accessed without your knowledge.
4. What should you do if you want to have us delete your personal information?
a. If you would like to close your account or have us delete your personal information, please email us at feedback@artimpressions.com.
5. Changes to this policy.
a. We may update this policy and when we do we will alert you of any material change.
6. Contact Us.
a. If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at feedback@artimpressions.com. Please allow up to 48 hours for a reply. Our mailing address is Art Impressions, P.O. Box 20085, Salem, OR 97307.
Search
Search for:
Search
Connect
Newsletters
Art Impressions Greatest HitsBeginning Watercolor
Advanced Watercolor
Cat Lover
Dog Lover
Coffee Lover
Friendship
Stocking Stuffers
Claire’s Pick of the Month!
Categories2020 New Releases
Claire's Pick of the Month!
Accessories
Uncategorized
On Sale!
Accessory
Catalogs
Stamps
Dies
TagsAction Wobble
Animals
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Christmas
Easter
For a Laugh
For Him
Get Well
Halloween
Just Because
People Characters
PS
scenery
Sentiment
Thanks-giving
Valentines
Create a new list