http://www.thebridesbouquet.com/privacy-policy/
Free Standard Shipping in the U.S.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
The Brides Bouquet.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: The Brides Bouquet.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help identify you and your shopping cart. If for instance you have placed items into a shopping cart and then leave our site before checking out, keeping your IP address helps us to restore your shopping cart.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. By using cookies we are able to restore the items left in your shopping cart if you leave our site before checking out.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. The Brides Bouquet.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information gathered about you is done during your shopping cart check-out. It is collected using an SSL (secure socket layer) and encrypted before being sent over the internet. You can send your personal information knowing that The Brides Bouquet.com will  be the only ones receiving it. And we NEVER give out your personal information to anyone for any reason.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send email to info@thebridesbouquet.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
info@thebridesbouquet.com
×
Low Prices!
Bouquets from $10
FREE SHIPPING
On U.S. Orders over $35
QUICK DELIVERY
Secure Packaging
100% SECURE
We never share your info