http://www.advancedbrain.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Build a brighter future with our music-based therapy
Link
Professional
Offer proven neuroscience-based music listening therapy in your practice
Link
DATA COLLECTION/PRIVACY POLICY
Date of Last Revision: May 23, 2018
Responsible body in terms of data protection laws is:
EU/Informational Commissioner’s Office/GDPR; US/FTC- Federal Consumers Protection Act; US/DOL- Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act; US/DOJ- Electronic Communication Privacy Act
Data Protection Consultants:
Goldman Advisors Group, LLC: 1230 E Broomfield Street, STE 8, Mt Pleasant, MI 48858.
Collecting general information
When you access our website, information of a general nature is automatically recorded. This information (server log files) includes, for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider. This is only information that does not allow conclusions about your person. This information is necessary to correctly deliver the contents of web pages requested by you and is mandatory when using the internet. Anonymous information such as the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider is statistically evaluated by us to optimize our internet presence and the underlying technologies.
Cookies, Beacons and Successor Technologies:
We partner with a third party to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may elect to do so on your account page.
In addition, Advanced Brain Technologies and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier by saving your preferences while you’re at the Sites. The use of cookies is an industry standard — you’ll find them at almost all websites.
By showing how and when visitors use the Sites, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Information such as the total number of visitors and pages viewed is most easily tracked with cookies. We may use the information from cookies to make improvements and updates to the Sites and to tailor our services to our visitors’ needs.
You have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, please be aware that some features of the Sites may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies.
Pages of our Sites may contain electronic images known as web beacons-also referred to as single- pixel gifs-that permit ABT to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics-(e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Sites; they are solely used to compile aggregated statistics concerning the use of the Sites. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, the time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.
In addition to the foregoing, we use certain analytics platforms, which will track certain personal information of yours. Information collected about you is limited to age, gender and affinity categories. If you would like to opt out of the collection of such information you may do so on your account page or by contacting us at the email or phone number provided in this document. Further, most Web browsers provide technologies plugins that prevent your data from being collected and used by analytics platforms.
Privacy Policy for Children
Advanced Brain Technologies does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 on the Sites. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any personal information to us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database; or get parental consent for such use.
Registration on our website
In order to access the sites, services and the information available on the sites, you may be required to register and provide some personal information. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, and certain financial information such as credit card. If you are registered with us, you can access content and services that we offer only to registered users. Registered users also have the option of changing or deleting the data specified during registration at any time. Of course, we also provide you with information about the personal data we hold about you at any time. We may retain or use your information after the duration of your registration to pursue our legitimate business interests until the need has been exhausted.
Advanced Brain Technologies collects such personal information to:
Provide you with a tailored experience to our platforms
Notify you about your account activity
Process transactions and collect requests as directed by you
Provide customer support and resolve account information
Verify your identity and account information
Identify, report, and prevent potentially prohibited fraudulent or illegal activities following GDPR regulations of data breaches
Contact your telephone number by voice or SMS to validate the telephone number on your account
Notify you about important changes to ABT’s platform and/or terms and conditions
Provide you with news, offers and information about ABT’s offerings based on your communications preferences
Any other purpose that we disclose to you in the course of providing ABT’s services to you.
Newsletter
When you sign up to receive Advanced Brain Technologies’ newsletter, the data you provide will be used exclusively for this purpose. Subscribers may also be notified by email about circumstances relevant to the service or registration (such as changes to the newsletter offer or technical conditions).
For an effective registration we need a valid e-mail address. In order to verify that an application is actually made by the owner of an e-mail address, we use the “double-opt-in” procedure. For this purpose, we record the order of the newsletter, the dispatch of a confirmation mail and the receipt of the requested answer. Further data is not collected. The data will be used exclusively for newsletter distribution and will not be passed on to third parties.
The consent to the storage of your personal data and their use for the newsletter can be revoked at any time. Each newsletter has a link to it. You can also unsubscribe from this website at any time or provide us with your request via the contact details provided at the end of this document.
Contact Form
If you contact us by e-mail or contact form, the information you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions. If you subscribe to our electronic mailing list and later decide to opt-out, simply follow the instructions that are included in each email or contact us at the phone number or email within this document.
Your rights to information, correction, suspension, cancellation and opposition
You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time. Likewise, you have the right to correct, block or, except for the required data storage for business, deletion of your personal data. Please contact our data protection officer. The contact details can be found at the bottom.
For a data lock to be taken into account at all times, these data must be stored in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request the deletion of the data, as long as there is no legal archiving obligation. As far as such an obligation exists, we lock your data on request.
You can make changes or revoke your consent by notifying us with effect for the future.
Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that it complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the Privacy Policy. When introducing new services, your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Consent
By using our platforms and visiting our websites, you are consenting to the terms of this Privacy Policy. As you become a registered user on our website, from time to time you may be asked to consent again to the use of your information based on your request. For purpose of General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), we will be required to have you consent to this use every time a request is made in a manner consistent with the GDPR standard. For more information about the GDPR, please visit https://www.eugdpr.org
Users also retain the right to withdraw consent at any time by contacting Advanced Brain Technologies
Email: info@advancedbrain.com   Phone: 801-622-5676
Questions to the data protection officer
Individuals have the right to send complaints to the Information Commissioner’s Office, (ICO), regarding any and all problems with the way ABT is handling user information.
If you have any questions about data protection, please write us an e-mail or contact our data protection officer directly:
Contact details:
Email: info@advancedbrain.com   Phone: 801.622.5676
We use cookies to provide the services and features offered on our website, and to improve our user experience. Learn more
Got it