http://www.krikawa.com/client-services/policies/privacy-policy
Client Services
Getting Started
100% GuaranteeThe Order Process
Turnaround Time
Payment & Layaway
Military Discount
FAQ''s
Moving Forward
Sizing Rings
Temporary Rings
Metal and Mokume Samples
Approve Your Colored Stone
Providing Your Own Stone
Shipping
Packaging & Shipping
International Shipping
After Receipt
Your Finished Ring
Extended Service Plan
Sizing, Repairs & Refinishing
Forms
Policies
Return Policy
Consignment
Legal Design Policy
Privacy Policy
See what our customers are saying. Read the reviews here.
Privacy Policy
Quality and pride in all we do is the hallmark of Krikawa Jewelry Designs, Inc. and Krikawa.com (collectively "KJD”). The protection of your personal information and privacy is no exception. Our Privacy Policy is designed to answer your questions about the policies and procedures we use to safeguard your personal information.
Information Covered
Our Privacy Policy applies to personally identifiable information collected on the Krikawa.com.com website. It does not apply to information collected by us through any other means or information collected by other parties reached via links from our website. Personally identifiable information that we might ask you to provide might include your name, mailing and billing address, e-mail address and telephone number. In some instances, particularly where we are interested in gathering information about our customers to better design and manufacture products that meet your needs and wants, we might also ask about gender, age, number of children, other interests, range of household income and other such information. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, we cannot accept your registration.
If you are purchasing merchandise directly from our website, we most likely will ask for credit card or other information relating to payment, and will maintain secure records of the product(s) purchased and the date the transaction occurred.
We may also may keep a record of your IP address, which is the address associated with the point through which you enter the Internet when you access our website. While the IP address is not personally identifiable information by itself, it may be used as such when combined with personal information you may have provided on that visit, so we wanted you to know about it.
How Information Is Used
KJD will never intentionally disclose any personally identifiable information about visitors to our website to any third party without first obtaining your express consent to do so, except as stated in our Terms and Conditions of Use regarding improper use of our website.
We may use the information we gather for internal purposes such as editorial feedback, marketing or promotional purposes, all of which helps us keep you up-to-date on the latest and greatest products, promotions contests and news from KJD. It also helps us keep in touch with your thoughts about our products and your suggestions for future products and features.
We may collect your IP address for system administration purposes, or from time to time, to report aggregate information with our non-brand partners, including contest partners and event co-sponsors, but we will not share individual information with them.
Visitors under Age 13
We do not accept registrations from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are a parent and believe that your child has registered on our website or is on our mailing list, please contact us at:
KJD
21 E. Congress Street
Tucson, AZ 85701
webmaster@krikawa.com
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business with which the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party, and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with KJD may choose to have us withhold sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes. You may request the information you are entitled to receive under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code by sending a written request to:
KJD
21 E. Congress Street
Tucson, AZ 85701
webmaster@krikawa.com
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes, and are regularly used on most major websites, including ours. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your subscription information and personal preferences while you are browsing through the website. We use cookies to see which areas of our website are popular with our visitors and which are not, allowing us to make improvements and updates to our website based on tracking the frequencies of visits to which sections of the website.
KJD never uses cookies to retrieve information from your computer not originally sent in the cookie. We never use the information we gather this way for promotional or marketing purposes, nor is this information shared with any third parties.
Most browsers are set initially to accept cookies. You can change these settings to prevent your hard drive from accepting cookies. In doing so, however, you may not be able to fully access all parts of the KJD website and certain features contained in our website may not operate properly.
Contact Us
If you have any other questions about our information handling practices, please contact us at:
KJD
21 E. Congress St.
Tucson, AZ 85701
webmaster@krikawa.com
+011 (520) 322-6090
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. You may also choose to contact state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau and/or state or local consumer protection office.
Customize
Your Engagement Ring
You’ll be quite-taken by our simple custom design process, dedication and a 100% money back satisfaction guarantee.
Schedule Your Consultation