https://www.clogau.co.uk/privacy.aspx
loading
Subtotal: £0
Delivery:
FREE
Grand Total £0
view cart
checkout
Data Protection Notice
Last updated: 21st January 2020
About this Data Protection Notice
This
Data Protection Notice (referred to in this policy as “Notice” or “DPN”) is
aimed at the users of this website and our consumer customers. We have a
separate Data Protection Notice for our Retail Partners which is communicated
separately.
At
Clogau, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal
data. In this Notice we’ve tried to strike a balance between providing enough
detail so you can see what data is collected from you, how it is used, who it’s
shared with and how it’s kept secure, but not so detailed that it becomes
needlessly lengthy or difficult to follow. If you need more detail than is
provided in this Notice or have a suggestion for improvement, please get in touch.
About Us
The
data controller is Clogau Gold of Wales Limited (referred to in this policy as “Clogau”, “we” or “us”), a company registered in England and Wales under company number
2146156. “Clogau” is the trading name of Clogau Gold of Wales Limited.
Clogau
is registered on the Information Commissioner’s Office Data Protection Register with number Z7225337.
Clogau’s
registered UK address is: Clogau Gold of Wales Ltd, Sherbrooke House, 5 Kinmel
Park, Abergele Road, Bodelwyddan, Rhyl, LL18 5TX, UK. enquiries@clogau.co.uk Tel: 0345 606 88 77. If you would like to contact
Clogau’s Data
Privacy Manager, please see the How to Contact Us section.
The Personal Data We Collect & Where it Comes From
The personal data we collect depends, in large part, upon
the type of interaction you have with us at Clogau. For instance, we will receive
different information from you if you place an online order (such as your name,
address, email, items ordered, ring size, gift card message, engraving
information and payment card details) than if you enter a prize draw (which will
usually be restricted to your name, address, email and date of entry). Exactly
what data you provide to us will be clear at the point of entering your
details.
However, in addition to what you provide directly to us, we
may initially obtain personal data from a third party or supplement what we
already have with additional data. All of this is to deliver better products,
services and communications to our customers.
Generally, we receive two broad types of information: namely,
personally-identifiable information and information which cannot be used to
identify an individual.
Personally-identifiable
information is data that can be used to identify you either in its own right
(such as your name and address) or data that can be supplemented with other
data to identify you as on individual (such as your Clogau account code, which
can be linked to your name and address in our system and used to identify you
as a customer).
Personally-identifiable
information includes information provided directly by you to us, as well data
which we receive from third parties, data processors and data we create about
you.
Data provided by you
This is the most straight-forward of all
the data types to describe and understand. It is data provided directly from
you to us. It happens when you input data during such tasks as creating an
online account, placing a website order, requesting a brochure, registering for
warranty, submitting a return, completing an in-store competition form, or contacting
our customer services team using your email address, amongst other tasks.
Depending on the type of interaction you
have with us, the data can include your name, address, email address, telephone
number, payment card details, items ordered, ring size, place of purchase, date
of birth, reason for your return, and so forth. Exactly which pieces of
information you provide will be apparent at the time the information is asked
for and given, and we will tell what information is required and which is
optional on the form which you fill-in.
Data
provided by a third-party or data processor
We may collect personal data about you from
third parties who have your consent to pass your details onto us, data processors
or we may access publicly available sources.
Some of the information we hold on our
customers and website users will come to us from a third party or data
processor such as an address-cleansing agency (who inform us of change of
addresses and goneaways, amongst other things), email service providers or
social media networks.
In some cases, this information is initially
provided by you to the third party (and then shared with us) such as:
When you … enter a Clogau competition on another website and agree to share your
data
We occasionally run Clogau competitions on social media websites like
Facebook or in partnership with other companies, and they will share the personal
data of those who have consented to share their data with us. We do not receive
or see the data of those that haven’t opted in to share their data with us.
When
you … agree to share your data from an Abacus Alliance member
Clogau are members of the Abacus
Alliance (“Abacus”) which is a co-operative of multichannel retail
organisations who contribute their customer transactional data with a view to
making their marketing campaigns more effective and relevant to consumers through
data insight.
We use Abacus for prospecting and buying new marketing leads. Although
Abacus may hold transactional information about you from your purchases with
other companies in the alliance, we only receive a limited amount of information
on you each time we purchase new leads. The Abacus Alliance database gives
members a deeper understanding of consumer purchase patterns to make marketing
campaigns more relevant and interesting to the consumer.
Abacus also helps members to manage and think through privacy and is
committed to upholding all relevant data protection laws and best practice.
They are members of the Direct Marketing Association.
There are benefits to allowing your data to be shared with Abacus. Watch
this 1m 27s video from Abacus (or view on YouTube):
If you are on the Abacus marketing list and would like your details to be
deleted, please get
in touch with Abacus directly.
Examples of where we supplement what we already have with third party or
data processor data include:
When
you … leave a product review
Following most online and Clogau store purchases, you will receive an
invitation to leave a product review via our review partner, Feefo. If you
respond to this invitation and leave a review, we will be able to see your
submission, and your review will be published on our website and on our profile
page on Feefo’s website.
When
you … respond to one of our marketing emails
We use a dedicated email service provider (ESP), dotmailer, to send our marketing
emails. An email service provider is the software and service we use to send
our marketing emails. They help us to follow email marketing best practice, by
processing and upholding unsubscribe requests, removing “hard bouncing” email
address, removing persistently “soft bouncing” email address and helping to
ensure our content does not have any of the features of spam.
The personal data we receive from our ESP is data observed following
tracking what actions you perform with your emails, such as opening, clicking
on the links, placing an order as a result of visiting the website directly
from the email, whether you unsubscribed from a particular email, and so forth.
The information is used so we can see how engaging our emails are to our subscribers,
and to improve the content, timing and frequency of our marketing emails.
When
you … are selected to receive a direct mail piece and your postal address
details need correcting or suppressing
We use an agency to help us to maintain correct and up-to-date postal
address information. We use the agency to help keep us informed of change of
addresses (in which case we update the addresses on our system), goneaway
addresses (in which case we suppress from the mailing if the agency can’t
confirm the individual still lives at the address), whether a death has been
registered (in which case we suppress from future mailings), whether the
address we hold on file for you is complete and whether the address is valid
against Royal Mail’s “Postal Address File”.
It allows us to help keep addresses as clean as possible and to fulfil
our obligations to keep data accurate and up-to-date.
When
your … postal mailing pack fails to deliver and Royal Mail send it back to us
When we send out postal mail, Royal Mail return mailing packs that cannot
be delivered to the final destination. In such cases, they will generally tell
us the reason for the failure to deliver, such as a goneaway, refusal to accept
mail or an incomplete address, and we will update our systems accordingly to
help ensure the addresses we hold are as accurate as possible.
When
your … address details need checking and correcting
During times when we need to check address, we occasionally access
publicly-available online services to verify and correct address information,
such as Royal Mail’s online “Find an address” service.
When
you … follow us on a social media site or react to one of our posts
If
you follow us on a social media site, such as Facebook, Instagram or Twitter,
we can see who follows us, and likewise if you respond to a post, such as
adding a comment or “liking” the post.
When
you … respond to an advert of ours on a social media platform
You may see an advert of ours on a social media platform such as Facebook,
Instagram or YouTube. If you react to that advert, such as pressing a button to
share your email address with us, we will receive that data via the social
media site and then subscribe you to our email newsletter, as requested.
Data created by us
Depending on the interaction you have with
us, we will usually create data which will allow us to identify you in our data
sets, such as an account number and unique personal ID numbers.
Cookies
This website uses a
‘session cookie’. Your computer is allocated a random ID number by our web
server for the duration of your visit. Session cookies allow you to store your
chosen items in your shopping basket, without losing them, and to make the
checkout process faster by having your delivery details ready to use.
The session cookie is
only active while you are connected to clogau.co.uk and is instantly removed
from your computer when you close your browser window.
Other cookies are also
used for statistics (statistic cookies help website owners to
understand how visitors interact with website by collecting and reporting
information anonymously), and marketing
(marketing cookies are used to track visitor across
websites with the intention to
display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user).
Depending on the type of cookie, the
cookies on our site usually have an expiry time frame of between a
single session and 2 years.
Non-personally
identifiable information, which is data that comes from you but which
cannot be used to identify you as an individual and is usually aggregated with
other customers or users of our website. This Notice restricts itself to personally-identifiable
information.
These lists and examples are not exhaustive and, in certain
instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in
this Notice. We will always endeavour to ensure it is clear what information we
are asking for and why, and to keep this Notice up to date. If you have any
questions or suggestions for improvement, please contact us on any of the methods
in the How to Contact Us section.
Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.
Children
Our website and marketing is not aimed at, or intended for, persons
under 16 years of age and we do not knowingly collect data relating to
children. If we are marketing to a person under 16 years of age and you have
parental responsibility for the child and would like to stop our marketing
reaching that child, please contact us – see the How
to Contact Us section.
We will endeavour to stop future emails, direct mail,
targeted social media advertisements and other forms of direct marketing
addressed specifically to the person. Please be aware that brochures and postal
mail pieces are always printed in advance of being sent and therefore it takes
several weeks for someone to stop receiving postal communications, and that it
can take several working days to stop receiving other forms of communications.
How We Use Personal Data &
It’s Lawful Basis for Processing
Clogau
collects and uses customers’ personal data because is it necessary for:
the purposes of
complying with our duties and exercising our rights under a contract for the
sale of goods to a customer;
complying with legal
obligations (Legal
Obligation);
the pursuit of our
legitimate interests (as set out below) (Legitimate Interests).
In
general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing in relation to
sending marketing emails to prospective customers.
We
will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it,
unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and
that reason is compatible with the original purposes. If you wish to get an
explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the
original purpose, please get in touch.
If
we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you
and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Apart
from Consent, we
also rely on Legal Obligation and
Legitimate Interests to process personal data. In this section, we aim to
provide you with a guide as to when each is used.
Legal Obligation
If
the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. For
example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal
activity affecting the Company to law enforcement, or with regulators (like the
Information Commissioner’s Officer or HMRC), when demanded to do so.
We
also have a legal duty to hold certain personal data to comply with HMRC
requirements.
Please
note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent
where this is required by or permitted by law.
Consent
If
you are a prospective customer, and have not purchased Clogau jewellery
previously, we rely on your consent via an opt-in tick-box, in order to send
your marketing emails.
For customers,
warranty registrants and
warranty recipients – those that have purchased our products – we
rely on Legitimate Interests, through a “soft opt-in” for permission outlined
by the Information Commissioner’s Office, on the assumption that customers have
purchased a product, they are likely to be interested in hearing about future
products, services and offers via email and post. The term “soft opt-in” is
used to describe the idea that if an individual bought something, gave their
details and didn’t opt out of receiving marketing messages, they are likely to
be happy to receive marketing about similar products or services even if they haven’t
specifically consented.
However, we never want you to receive
information you don’t want to receive and if this is the case, please contact us so that we can remove your from our
marketing list. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of service-based
emails.
Legitimate Interests
We
believe we have a legitimate interest to process personal data so that we can:
process orders,
returns, refunds and exchanges;
provide goods and
services to you, including the despatch of goods to your designated delivery
address (so long as the delivery address complies with our despatch policy);
record communications
with our sales team and Customer Services, and collect all applicable
information relating to the query, including the information you directly
submit to us.
send postal marketing
(otherwise referred to as “direct mail”) to all types of customer and prospect
about promotional offers and products and services which we think may interest
you (please be aware you can opt out of receiving such communications);
communicate
service-based messages to you via email and SMS text messaging;
provide a tailored
website available to you and your browsing habits;
promote, market and
advertise our products and services to you, including to you on other websites
as part of “retargeting” campaigns (see the Retargeting section);
remind you of items
left in your online shopping basket;
process and uphold
suppression requests;
manage any registered
account(s) that you hold with us;
to verify your
identity;
help prevent and
enhance detection of crime and fraud, and related purposes;
conduct analysis and market
research, to understand our customers’ behaviour, activities, preferences and
needs as they relate to purchasing our products; and
disclose your
information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority
or in a legal dispute) where we have a legal right or duty.
This list is not exhaustive
and, in specific instances, we may need to collect additional data for the
purposes set out in this Notice.
For
enhanced transparency on particular areas, we’d like to outline extra details
relating to:
Service-based Emails
Service-based emails are those such as order confirmations, notifications of an
online account being created, password reminders, enquiry confirmations,
returns acknowledgments and eVouchers (amongst other emails). If you have you
registered a valid email address with us, you’ll receive service-based emails even
if have unsubscribed from our marketing emails. This is because these emails
contain important information and confirmations, and are sent in response to an
action taken by you. Furthermore, we believe they are in our legitimate
interest of our business and provide a level of service our customers expect. They
are sent directly from our own email server using an @clogau.co.uk address.
“Do not mail me” Requests and Processing for Suppressions
We believe we have a legitimate interest to
hold data to fulfil suppression requests.
How We Keep Data Safe
We follow many practices and techniques to make personal
data as secure as possible. Much of this information is available in a
dedicated webpage at https://www.clogau.co.uk/securityprivacy.aspx
Who We Share Personal Data With,
And Why
We
chose which companies and organisations we work with very carefully. Some we
are required to work with as a matter of law. So that you can better understand
these data processors and third parties and how we work with them, here are
some examples:
With regulators and law
enforcement agencies when required to do so by law
Occasionally we may be required to share personal
data with the police, with legal authorities in the case of legal dispute or
with regulators like the Information Commissioner’s Office and HM Revenue &
Customs.
Service Providers for Payments,
Delivery, Anti-Fraud Prevention and IT
We
rely on a set of external companies to provide us with services that enable our
business to run and to provide you with the product you ordered. Our core
service providers which handle personal data at some stage include:
banks and clearing
houses to process your payments;
companies to carry out
fraud protection;
postal and courier companies (usually FedEx and Royal Mail, depending on the postal service you select) to deliver products to you, and to keep you updated of the progress of your parcel by email and/or SMS text messaging if your order is shipped via Royal Mail Special Delivery Guaranteed®;
IT services providers
to process customer transactions and services.
Data cleansing agency
We use an agency to help us to maintain correct and
up-to-date postal address information. We use the agency to help keep us
informed of change of addresses (in which case we update the addresses on our
system), goneaway addresses (in which case we suppress from the mailing if the
agency can’t confirm the individual still lives at the address), whether a
death has been registered (in which case we suppress from future mailings),
whether the address we hold on file for you is complete and whether the address
is valid against Royal Mail’s “Postal Address File”.
It allows us to help keep addresses as clean as
possible and to fulfil our obligations to keep data accurate and up-to-date.
From time to time, we supplement this data with
demographic data, such as gender, age or date of birth, in order to help send
our marketing communications as relevant as possible to recipients.
Abandon basket and shopping
recommendations partner
We partner with a company who will email you the
contents of your online shopping basket on your request, and will deliver more
on-page product suggestions as you browse our website, to make the products you
see more relevant to your previous browsing history, where possible.
Depending on which feature is used, personal data
can be minimal and only include IPs, sessions IDs and other less sensitive
data. No sensitive (including special categories) data
The data processing infrastructure use Amazon Web Services (core SaaS
functionally) and SendGrid (for email delivery). These sub-processors are located in the U.S. and
transfer of personal data is governed by relevant Standard Contractual
Clauses and/or Privacy Shield-framework and Data Processing Agreements.
Clogau Retail Partners
Personal data is also captured and processed in
partnership with our network of Clogau Retail Partners. This happens in a
couple of ways; if you purchase a Clogau item within a Clogau retail partner
store, you will be asked to complete a Warranty registration form in order to
cover your item for manufacturing faults for an additional two years. This data
is captured because it is necessary to provide a service and customers cannot
opt out of any service-based emails. You are also given the opportunity to
opt-in to receive marketing communications both from Clogau directly on behalf
of the retail partner from whom you purchase the item, and also from the retail
partner themselves with information on Clogau events and promotions in store.
This data is controlled by Clogau and shared with the retail partner.
Secondly, if you purchase from a Clogau retail
partner selling Clogau items online using our ‘Retail Web Platform’; personal
data is also captured at point of creating your account and placing the order.
The websites referred to are those with a domain such as: clogauretailpartner.clogau.co.uk.
This data is captured because it is necessary to invoice and deliver the
purchased item appropriately and customers cannot opt out of any service-based
emails. Again, you are given the opportunity to opt-in to receive marketing
communications both from Clogau directly on behalf of the retail partner from
whom you purchase the item, and also from the retail partner themselves with
information on Clogau events and promotions in store. This data is controlled
by Clogau and shared with the retail partner.
All communication sent from Clogau and our retail
partners will always be relevant to you and you can choose to unsubscribe from
the marketing communications at any time by contacting Clogau directly or
following the ‘Unsubscribe’ link on an email you receive.
Online “retargeting” and
“remarketing” advertising
Clogau partner with Criteo for “retargeting”
(sometimes referred to as “remarketing”) advertising campaigns. Criteo
specializes in creating personalized advertisements through “Criteo Dynamic
Retargeting”. They work with online partners to build advertisements for users
who visit our website in order to display personalised advertisements on other
websites on the internet.
Their aim is to deliver advertisements by
displaying products that you might be interested in, based on your recent
browsing behaviour on our website. As a result, you should receive personalised
ads that are more relevant for you than the standard advertising.
Criteo do not know who you are. At no point does
Criteo collect identifying personal data such as your name or address. They
only collect and use technical data relating to your browsing navigation to
display personalised advertisements. If you want to learn more about how Criteo
works, what data is collected and how to opt-out out of Criteo ads, click here.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and
to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that
helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend
on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like,
etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback.
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’
behaviour and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and
stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device
identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only),
preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information
in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this
information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an
individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by
clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the
creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our
site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following the
instructions here.
Facebook, Instagram, Google and
YouTube
As part of our
marketing activities, we run advertising campaigns on Facebook, Instagram,
Google and YouTube, for specific segments of customers and prospects. In such
cases, your email address will be uploaded into the platform via the platform’s
secure method and be used solely for the purposes of running our advertising
campaign.
Read Facebook and
Instagram’s data policy here. Read Google and YouTube’s privacy policy here.
Epsilon Abacus
We work with Epsilon Abacus (registered as Epsilon
International UK Ltd), a company that manages the Abacus Alliance on behalf of
UK retailers. We share customer and
prospect data with Abacus for the purposes of suppression and for campaign
measurement. Your data will not be used by another member of the Alliance
without your consent.
The participating retailers are active in the
clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets &
entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors
categories. They share information on what their customers buy. Epsilon Abacus
analyses this pooled information to help the retailers understand consumers’
wider buying patterns. From this information, retailers can tailor their
communications, sending people suitable offers that should be of interest to
them, based on what they like to buy.
There
are benefits to allowing your data to be shared with Abacus. Watch this 1m 27s
video from Abacus (or view
on YouTube):
If
you are on the Abacus marketing list and would like your details to be deleted,
please get
in touch with Abacus directly.
XCM
XCM
(registered as ‘X Channel Marketing Ltd’) are a marketing services company
which (under our instruction) compliantly process our customer related data
with supporting insight analysis, to be used for relevant marketing
communications and the benefit of our customers.
Mailing Houses for Postal Mail
We
send postal mail to carefully selected customers and prospects at different
points during the year (who haven’t already opted-out from postal mailings or
known to be deceased; other suppressions may apply), usually about promotions
or product launches. To do this, we send mailing lists to mailing houses so
that they can print the name and address onto the carrier letter or outer
envelope, and prepare the mailing packs to be collected for postal
distribution.
There
are a number of mailing houses used by Clogau. We only work with carefully-selected
mailing houses that meet our requirements for data security.
Email service provider
We use a dedicated
email service provider (ESP), dotmailer, to send our marketing emails. An email
service provider is the software and service we use to send our marketing emails.
They help us to follow email marketing best practice, by processing and
upholding unsubscribe requests, removing “hard bouncing” email address,
removing persistently “soft bouncing” email address and helping to ensure our
content does not have any of the features of spam.
We upload
information such as email address, name or salutation, date of birth and post
code into our dotmailer (which is not accessible to other companies using the
platform), in order to personalise your emails and make them as relevant to you
as when we.
You can unsubscribe
from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the
bottom of a marketing email.
When We Send Personal Data Outside
of The European Economic Area (EEA)
From time to time we may use service providers who
transfer data outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), in
particular for the provision of IT services. It may also be processed
by staff operating outside the EEA who work for one of our suppliers or data
processors. Such processing may, for example, be required in order to fulfil
your order, process your payment details or provide support or marketing
services.
If we do share your personal data with service
providers outside the EEA we will ensure reasonable safeguards are put in place
to protect your personal data.
How Long We Keep Personal Data
We
will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in
this Notice. Different retention periods apply for different types of data and
for different customer types. In general, we retain the information either
while your account is in existence, or as needed to be able to provide services
to you. We may keep different types of personal data for different lengths of
time (for instance, we may need to keep certain personal data relating to your
purchases in order to comply with HM Revenue & Customs’ VAT reporting
requirements).
Your Data Rights
You
have a number of rights under data protection laws. These are summarised below,
along with information on how you can exercise these rights.
See the data we hold on you – the right to access
You
have a right to know as to whether or not personal data about you is being
processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data.
You
can request and access the personal data we hold on you by contacting us using
the How
to Contact Us section. This is
called a “Subject Access Request”. We may ask you for proof of identity to
ensure we are releasing personal data to the right person.
We try to
process
all legitimate
requests within one month. Occasionally
it may take us longer than a month
if
your
request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case we will notify you and keep
you updated.
If
we consider the frequency of your requests is unreasonable, we may refuse to
comply with your request. In those circumstances, we would notify you of your
right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office.
Ask us to correct mistakes with your
data – the right to rectification
You
have the right to ask for corrections to be made to inaccurate personal data.
We
welcome feedback from you to ensure our records are as accurate and up-to-date
as possible. If you think that the information we hold about you is inaccurate
or incomplete please ask us to correct it by contacting us.
We
will process your request as soon as we receive it or within one month of
receipt at the latest.
You
can also update many of your personal details held in your online account at
any time through the My Account section of this website.
The right to erasure
You
can ask us to delete your personal data; however, this is not an absolute
right. We can refuse to erase personal data which we need to keep (i) to comply
with a legal obligation (for instance, we are required by HMRC to keep certain
personal data for up to 6 years for VAT reporting purposes); and (ii) in
relation to the exercise or defence of any legal claims.
When
you ask us to delete your personal data, we assume that you do not want to hear
from us again. To ensure that we do not send you any special offers in the
future (for example, if we purchased your details from a third-party list), we
will retain enough of your personal data for suppression purposes.
Other
than as described above, we will always comply with your request and do so
promptly. We would also notify any third parties with whom we have shared your
personal data about your request so that they could also comply.
Some
customers would still like to order our products but do not want to receive any
marketing communications from us. This is not a problem as you can simply
update your marketing preferences by contacting us.
No processing for marketing
purposes – the right to restriction of processing
You have the right
to object to your personal data from being processed for marketing purposes. If
you would like us to stop processing your personal data for marketing purposes,
please let us know by contacting us using the How to Contact Us section.
We put a lot of
effort into personalising your experience with us to ensure that the offers we
send you are interesting, relevant and timely. To do this we look at your
previous purchases plus any preferences, ratings, reviews and favourites you
may have indicated to build a profile of what you are most likely to want to
buy. This is known as 'profiling'.
If you don't want
us to carry out any profiling using your personal data please let us know by
contacting us. However, please be aware that if you ask us to stop profiling
your personal data you will stop receiving personalised offers.
We will update your
preferences as soon as we can but please be aware that brochures and postal
mail pieces are always printed in advance of being sent and therefore it takes
several weeks for someone to stop receiving postal communications, and that it
can take several working days to stop receiving other forms of communications.
You can transfer your data. The right
to transfer your personal data (known as data portability)
You
have the right to move, copy or transfer your personal data from one
organisation to another. If you ask for a data transfer, we will give you a
copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
form (for instance, in an Excel file format). We can provide the personal data
to you directly or, if you request, to another organisation.
Please
note that we are not required to adopt processing systems that are compatible
with another organisation, so it may be that the recipient organisation cannot
automatically use the personal data we provide.
When
making a transfer request, it would be helpful if you can identify exactly what
personal data you wish us to transfer.
We
will comply with your request within one month or, if the request is complex or
there are a number of requests from you, within three months.
How
to Contact Us
If
you have any questions about how we use or look after your personal data that
are not answered in this Data Protection Notice, you can contact us by:
E-mail: dpm@clogau.co.uk Please use a clear subject line to help us deal with your enquiry efficiently
Post:
Data Privacy Manager, Clogau, Sherbrooke House, 5 Kinmel Park, Abergele
Road, Bodelwyddan, LL18 5TX, UK (stamp required).
Your
enquiry will be routed to our
Data
Privacy Manager, who look into the enquiry and organise for you to
be contacted (usually by the Customer Services team) within one month of your
enquiry being received.
In
most cases, we will be able to provide the necessary information back to you
within one month. However, if the matter is particularly complex, or we are in
receive of a large number of requests, this may be extended by up to a further
two months. If this happens, we will inform you of any such extension within
one month of receipt of the request, together with the reasons for the delay.
The
UK’s supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”). As
a data subject, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the ICO. Further
information, including contact details, is available on the Information Commission Office website.
Payments we acceptCredit subject to status and affordability. Terms and Conditions apply. Clogau Gold of Wales Limited are a credit broker offering finance from a restricted range of finance providers, we are Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.