http://www.betastatin.com/about/privacy-policy
Search this siteWelcome to Oxto MediaHello thank you for visiting us , Oxto Media (oxtomedia.com) has acquired the website you were looking for, please subscribe to our mailing list, to be notified first on the relaunch and to receive our free content, remember you can unsubscribe at anytime.Only Available For A Limited Time This special report reveals the powerful 5-step system to becoming a productive leader!Discover the #1 skill shared by every successful leader and how you can ensure it's in your arsenal!Find out everything you need to know about effective communication! Opening a strong channel of communication will increase your team's productivity and output, instantly!Master Skill #5, (found on page 23), and you'll be able to free up time and resources while ensuring you always meet project deadlines!And much more - all within this special FREE report!Blogging To Help in Creating a PR-Savvy Business There are chances that you know or at least have heard about blog, if you use Internet. Also known as online diary or journal, a blog can be public or private. Blogging first came into existence and became popular when individuals wanted to express their feelings. With time, blogging was started being considered as a unique tool to popularize businesses. There are chances that you know or at least have heard about blog, if you use Internet. Also known as online diary or journal, a blog can be public or private. Blogging first came into existence and became popular when individuals wanted to express their feelings. With time, blogging was started being considered as a unique tool to popularize businesses. Use little PR skills and well-organized blog to help the growth of your business or to start a new business. You may want to know how it is possible. Though, people read and seek information, they still like the blogs that have entertainment, since it is similar to reading a person’s deep thoughts.
You can cash in at this point and use your blog for attracting more clients
and turning them into prospects of your web site. Just a random posting of blogs about your business would not help you in creating interest in the readers. You can create a business that knows about the PR using your blog by following certain suggestions given below: 1. Creation of user-friendly web site: In order to attract consumers through blogging, ensure your business has a web site that is user-friendly. You should also understand that it is important to think before pushing some or the other information over the Internet. Thinking indicates thinking in the lines of the products and services offered. Make sure that your web site displays a clear picture of the business you offer. The information should be easily understandable and accessible. The important information of your business should always be on the home page, rather than on the page, where no one can find it. Avoid displaying too many ads or searching for information that would annoy a reader, and you may lose the otherwise prospective customer. 2. Adding your blog: After creating a good web site, add your blog with care. You should also decide on how you would like to show yourself and your business to the entire world, the type of customers you would like to attract, and many more. If you would like to attract the high-end professional customers, the relaxed attitude or jazzy logos and pictures would not help you anywhere. Make sure that you limit such ideas for your personal blog. 3. Grammar: Use good grammar, and adopt professional writing style with no punctuation errors. Before publishing the matter on your blog, make sure to proofread them for spelling and grammatical errors. Professionals would not like to read a business blog with lot of grammatical mistakes and spelling errors, as it indicates
not professionalism. If you are not confident about your writing style or grammar, you can check out for specialized freelance blog writers within your specified budget. 4. Blog updating: Update your blog on regular basis so that you don’t lose out your readers. You can try updating once a day or two, as once in a week would be too long. Stagnant or stale information would bore and annoy the customer. Once you get accustomed to blogging, you would find it easy to update it daily. 5. Accept Comments and Feedback: People, generally love commenting, and if it is blog, there is no need to ask. Therefore, include a comment section for your readers to write comments. Depending on the readers’ taste you can know easily what are their likes and dislikes, and what do they do. This would help you to be in par with their tastes.
You Can Now Earn Full-Time With Your BloggingIt is every writer’s dream to be able to do full-time writing and earning money for writing. However, all writers who pursue writing find it soon enough that in order to make a decent living out of writing he will have to do a great deal of writing. Writing about different topics, of different lengths, for different companies leaves what the writer wanted to accomplish far out of reach. What happens most of the times is that the writer ends up getting a second job and puts writing off till he has enough free time.Blogging offers a different approach at making money by writing. Here you submit your opinions and personal insertions about your life. A good thing about blogging is that you do not have to write lengthy articles, most of the blogs are 300 words or so long and therefore depending on what the writer wants to write he can write blogs for hundreds of websites that allow us to post our content.It always takes time for anything started as a profession to form a certain network and to expand. Similarly, you might not have a great start immediately with some sites paying you just .15 cents for each blogs, with some paying even lesser. To make it a full time income you will require hundreds of people visiting, reading and responding to your blogThere is another way where you can earn full time income from blogging. You can do that by joining numerous sites as a writer and building up a network of people who will read your blogs.
However, there are certain requirements to it. Your blog content needs to be interesting, informative and consistent. The titles and content to your blogs need to be original, fresh and should also have the ability to catch attention of the reader, since there are thousands of bloggers and blogging sites.If you want a full time income you will also have to make it a full time effort and yes there will also be a bit of overtime here and there. It cannot be done as a part time job, i.e. for couple of hours a day and three to four days a week.Blogging sites also allow you to place the same blog on another site. So if your blog is creating interest you can surely place it on several sites so that you can lead people to the main page and thus get more hits. You can also employ an average writer to write for your blog. You will have to pay a flat fee to the writer and keep the profits for yourself. This way by accepting work from more customers the writer will be able to make it a part time job. So you can try both ways to make money from blogging if you are interested in writing. You can make money by becoming a master of blogging, you will also gain fame and a worthy reputation of yourself.
Report abuseGoogle SitesReport abuse