https://www.nicolajane.com/privacy-and-cookies/
Call A Certified Fitter
01243 537300
Select Currency
EUR (€)
GBP (£)
USD ($)
0
Search
0
LingerieLingerieAll BrasT-Shirt BrasPaddedCotton ComfortDD+CamisoleEveryday ComfortFront FasteningSportsUnderwiredLingerie SetsPocketed TopsPocketed NightwearBriefsAccessoriesBrandsNicola JaneAnitaAmoenaTrulifeRoyceAfter MastectomyAfter Reconstruction
HELP & ADVICE
SwimwearSwimwearView All SwimwearSwimsuitsBikinisTankinisTummy ControlChlorine ResistantDesigner CollectionLong lengthCup SizedSwimwear Accessories
HELP & ADVICE
Breast FormsBreast FormsView All Breast FormsLightweight Silicone Breast FormsAsymmetrical & TeardropSwimming & Active Breast FormsFoam & Beaded Breast FormsPartial Breast FormsTraditional Silicone Breast FormsBreast Shapers
HELP & ADVICE
Outlet / 60% OFFFitting ServicesBlogHelp & Advice
Search
Select Currency
EUR (€)
GBP (£)
USD ($)
Home > About us > Privacy & Security
Privacy & SecurityNicola Jane Limited is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and we want you to understand how we collect and use information about you. We also value your comments in this regard so please feel free to contact us with any queries.
The privacy notice describes to you:
who we are
what personal data we collect and store about you, and how we collect it
why we collect personal data and what we do with it
the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal data
how we retain your information and keep it secure
your rights and how to exercise them
how to contact us
1. Who are we?
For the purposes of data protection law, the “controller” is Nicola Jane Limited, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales under company number 1763323 and having its registered office address Southern Gate, Terminus Road, Chichester, PO19 8SE United Kingdom (from now on referred to as “Nicola Jane”, or as “we” and related words such as “us” and “our”). Our registered VAT number is 386 4081 32
As controller we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal data. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office, which is the UK’s supervisory authority for data protection matters.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer for the purpose of Data Protection Law. If you would like to contact us about this notice, including if you wish to receive further information about any aspect of it, our details are as follows:
E-mail
customerservice@nicolajane.com - Please put 'FAO Data Protection Officer' in the subject line.
Post
Data Protection Officer,
Nicola Jane,
Southern Gate,
Terminus Road,
Chichester,
PO19 8SE
2. What information do we collect from you?
In the course of our business, which is the sale of post-surgery bras, swimwear, prostheses, clothing and other related items in our shops, mail order, fitting clinics or support group meeting and online, we collect the following personal data when you provide it to us:
personal details, such as
- name and title
- username
contact data, such as
- delivery address
- billing address
- e-mail address
- telephone and mobile number(s)
payment card details
transaction data, such as
- details about payments to and from you
- details of products and services you have purchased from us
technical data, such as
- internet protocol (IP) address
- your login data, browser type and version
- time-zone setting and location
- browser plug-in types and versions
- operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website
profile data, such as
- username and password
- orders made by you
- your preferences
- feedback and survey responses
usage data, such as
- information about how you use our website, products and services
marketing data, such as
- your preferences in receiving marketing and communications.
We do not knowingly collect “special category” personal data. This is a special type of sensitive data to which more stringent processing conditions apply, and comprises data concerning your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, sex life or sexual orientation, and genetic data and/or biometric data.
We also do not collect information about criminal convictions or offences.
3. How do we collect personal data?
We obtain personal data from sources as follows:
directly from you when you interact with us, for example when you
- create an account
- buy our products in a store, mail order, fitting clinics and support group meetings or online
- sign up to our mailing lists
- request information
- write to us
- phone our customer services team
- enter a competition
- take part in a survey
- give us feedback or post comments or reviews
- apply for a job or send a CV
from customers if they provide your details in relation to an order or a wish list: if you are providing another person’s details, please ensure you have that person’s explicit consent to do so
from automated technologies such as cookies and tags when you use our website – for more information, please see our cookies notice to find out more
4. How do we use your personal data?
Introduction
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
to allow you to register an account
to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
if it is necessary for our legitimate interests and these are not overridden by your own rights and interests
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Lawful processing
In order to process personal data, we must have a lawful reason (sometimes called a lawful basis). We always ensure that this is the case, and we set out our lawful bases below – but please note that more than one may apply at any given time: for example, if we inform you of changes to our privacy notice, we may process your personal data on the ground of complying with law and on the ground of legitimate interests.
We will use your personal data only for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we fairly consider that we need it for another reason that is compatible with the original purpose.
Please contact us if you would like more information on this.
Contractual Necessity
If you are our customer we will process your personal data for the following purposes, on the legal basis that it is necessary for us to provide our products and services to you:
to enable us to carry out our services
to identify you
to respond to your inquiries
to allow you to register an account or set up a wish list
to the extent necessary to provide you with information you have requested in relation to our products and services before you decide to purchase them
to provide our products and services, including enabling them to be delivered to you and contacting you about your order (for example, regarding stock or availability)
to carry out billing and administration activities, including refunds and credits
Of course, you are not obliged to provide us with any of this information, but if you chose not to, we may be unable to provide the product or service that you have requested.
Legitimate Interests
We process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes, which include the following:
to conduct and manage our business
to identify suspicious purchasing activity (for example, where a card has been used for high-volume and/or high-value purchases or where cardholder and deliver addresses differ) – however, we do not make automated decisions on the basis of such profiling
to ensure our website and systems are secure
to personalise your web experience – for example, by tailoring our products and offers to you
to allow you to review a product you have purchased
to analyse, improve and update our services for the benefit of our customers
to deal with complaints
where you have made a purchase from us, to let you know about our products, services, promotions or events that we consider may be of interest to you (and which may be tailored to your interests as construed from your purchase history). We do this only where you have provided us with a preferred means of contact for this purpose. We carry out this processing on the legal basis that we have a legitimate interest in marketing our products and services, and only to the extent that we are permitted to do so by applicable direct marketing laws. You can opt out of receiving this information by unsubscribing from our emails, by returning our catalogues to the address indicated, or by contacting us as set out in Section 1 above.
Whenever we process your personal data for these purposes, we ensure that your interests, rights and freedoms are carefully considered.
Compliance with laws
We may process your personal data in order to comply with applicable laws (for example, if we are required to co-operate with an investigation pursuant to a court order).
Consent
If you have never purchased from us or have not purchased from us for a long time, but have given us your explicit consent to hear from us about our products, services, promotions or events that we consider may be of interest to you, we will contact you by post or email (according to the contact preference you have provided). You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time.
5. Do we share your personal data?
We may provide your personal data to the following recipients for the purposes set out in this notice:
our service providers, including
- logistics providers, such as those who deliver our orders
- e-mail and mail service providers
- technical and support partners, such as the companies who host our website and who provide technical support and back-up services
merger or acquisition partners, to the extent that sharing your personal data is necessary
law enforcement agencies, government or public agencies or officials, regulators, and any other person or entity that has the appropriate legal authority where we are legally required or permitted to do so, to respond to claims, or to protect our rights, interests, privacy, property or safety
6. Do you have to provide personal data – and, if so, why?
To form a contract with you, we will need some or all of the personal data described above so that we can perform that contract or the steps that lead up to it: this is set out above in this notice. If we do not receive the data, the contract could not be performed.
If you sign up to our mailing list, you will have to provide certain personal data. Of course, you may decide to stop receiving our mailings at any time.
7. How long will your personal data will be kept for?
We carefully consider the personal data that we store, and we will not keep your information in a form that identifies you for longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this notice or as required by applicable law. In some instances, we are required to hold data for minimum periods: for example, UK tax law currently specifies a six-year period for retention of some of your personal data.
8. How do we keep your personal data secure?
Nicola Jane has security measures in place designed to prevent data loss, to preserve data integrity, and to regulate access to the data. Only authorised Nicola Jane employees and third parties processing data on our behalf have access to your personal data.
All Nicola Jane employees who have access to your personal data are required to adhere to the Nicola Jane Privacy Notice and we have in place contractual safeguards with our third-party data processors to ensure that your personal data is processed only as instructed by Nicola Jane.
The security measures we have in place include:
regular reviews of information collection, storage and processing practices to protect against unauthorised access
restriction of access to personal information
monitoring of systems storing and processing information
use of secure technologies (e.g. SSL, encryption)
scenario planning and crisis-management exercises to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
We take all reasonable steps to keep your data safe and secure and to ensure the data is accessed only by those who have a legitimate interest to do so. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Please contact us using the details in section 1 of this notice if you would like more information about this.
10. Your information rights
We draw your attention to your following rights under data protection law:
right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data
right of access to your personal data, and the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you and supplementary details about that information – you will be asked to provide proof of your identify and residential address, and we may ask you to provide further details to assist us in the provision of such information
right to have inaccurate personal data that we process about you rectified – we want to ensure that the personal information that we process and retain about you is accurate, so please do remember to tell us about any changes, for example if you have moved house or changed your contact details. It is your responsibility to ensure you submit true, accurate, and complete information to us; please also update us in the event this information changes.
right of erasure – in certain circumstances you have the right to have personal data that we process about you blocked, erased or destroyed
the right to object to, or restrict:
- processing of personal data concerning you for direct marketing
- decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or that similarly significantly affect you
- in certain other situations, to our continued processing of your personal data
the right of portability of your data in certain circumstances.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
Please contact us using the details in section 1 of this notice if you would like to exercise any of these rights or know more about them.
These rights are subject to certain limitations that exist in law. Further information about your information rights is available on the ICO’s website: https://ico.org.uk/.
11. Cookies
Our website uses cookies. For more information on which cookies we use and how we use them, please see our cookies notice.
12. Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this notice from time to time. You should check this notice on our website occasionally, in order to ensure you are aware of the most recent version.
13. What should you do if you have a complaint?
We hope that you will be satisfied with the way in which we approach and use your personal data.
Should you find it necessary, you have a right to raise a concern with the information regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/.
However, we do hope that if you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, you will contact us in the first instance using the contact details in section 1 above, so that we have an opportunity to resolve it.
About usOur StorySustainabilityPressTrade/WholesalePrivacy & SecurityTerms & ConditionsAbout CookiesGiving Back
Find your perfect fit and check out our tips for choosing your perfect mastectomy braLEARN MORE
Swimwear guide
The complete guide to your mastectomy swimwear choices, from bikinis to chlorine resistant stylesLEARN MORE
Choosing a breast form
Whatever your needs, we can help you get the right breast form for youLEARN MORE
Breast Cancer Support
Our guide to the support, charities and help available at any stage of your journeyLEARN MORE
Join Our Mailing List
Sign up to the Nicola Jane newsletter and be the first to receive special offers on our product range.
To unsubscribe to our email newsletters, please click here
The email address is not valid, please try again
Customer Service
Delivery
Returns and Exchanges
Contact Us
Our Shop
Request a catalogue
VAT Concession
FAQs
Help and Advice
Bra Fitting Guide
Garment Care Advice
Sizing Charts
Breast Cancer Support
Choosing a Breast Form
Charity Donations
Model For Nicola Jane
About
Our Story
Press
Become a Stockist
Privacy and SecurityMeet The Team
Sustainability
Let's Connect!
© 2020 Nicola Jane All Rights Reserved | Nicola Jane Ltd, Southern Gate, Terminus Road, Chichester, PO19 8SE, UK
ecommerce by Paraspar
We use cookies to give you a better service. Continue browsing if you're happy with this, or find out more about cookies.
Accept & Close