https://www.americanmint.com/privacy-policy
GoldSilverPlatinumU.S. CurrencyCommemorativesOther ProductsAccessoriesUnique and Rare
To category Gold
Solid Gold
Gold-Layered
Half Dollar Gold Coins
Gold Coins
Gold Coins
For thousands of years, gold has been a symbol of wealth and status; today, it is considered a safe, long-term investment for everyone. Considered “the most beautiful type of gold investment,” gold coins offer a unique and...
learn more
To category Silver
Solid Silver
Silver-Plated
Silver Dollar Coins
Silver Coins
Silver Coins
One of the oldest materials used in the minting of coins, silver has long been a favorite material of both serious numismatists and casual collectors. Silver bullion coins are staples in many collections, as are silver-plated...
learn more
To category Platinum
Platinum Eagle Coins
Platinum Coins
Platinum Coins
Silvery-white platinum metal resembles white gold or silver in appearance. Often used in jewelry and industrial products, platinum is a rare precious metal that is always in high demand. From a numismatist's perspective, platinum...
learn more
To category U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Silver Eagle
Presidential Dollars
Commemorative Quarters
Uncirculated
Commemoratives
Antiques
Enhanced Legal Tender Coins
Gold-Layered
Colorized
In Keepsafe Display
Replicas
Rare
Golden
Silvered
Trials
Banknote Coins
U.S. Currencies
U.S. Coins for Sale
The United States Dollar remains a strong currency today and is one of the primary currencies used in most international transactions. U.S. currency is also popular with collectors who determine the value of a piece based on...
learn more
To category Commemoratives
Presidents
Abraham Lincoln Coins
Franklin D. Roosevelt Coins
Barack Obama Coins
Ronald Reagan Coins
Dwight D. Eisenhower Coins
Donald Trump Coins
George W. Bush Coins
George Washington Coins
Thomas Jefferson Coins
John F. Kennedy Coins
American History
U.S. Constitution Coins
Patriotic
Military
Civil War 150th Anniversary
Nostalgia/20th Century
Air, Space and Sea
Wildlife
Religious
Christian Coins
Pope Francis Coins
Foreign Coins
Ancient Coins
Coins & Commemoratives
Commemorative Coins
One of the best things about collecting coins is that it provides a lens through which you can explore a range of different subjects. Of course, you don't have to be a dedicated collector to enjoy the variety of...
learn more
To category Other Products
Knives
Pocket Knives
Bowie Knives
Themes
Falkner Knives
Deer Knives
Eagle Pocket Knives
Other
Jewelry
Collectibles
Are coins not your thing? American Mint offers a wide variety of collectible pieces, such as Knives and even fine Jewelry. Pick your favorite category and start collecting today.
learn more
To category Accessories
Collectors' Accessories
Coin Collecting Accessories
Caring for your collectibles is essential for preserving their appearance and protecting their long-term value. From genuine antique currency to organizing and maintaining your treasured collection requires...
learn more
To category Unique and Rare
Service Center
1-877-807-MINT
We´re happy to be here for you!
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT (6468)
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Friday and 10AM to 8PM on Saturday
contact@americanmint.com
About us
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Close menu
Categories
Gold
Silver
Platinum
U.S. Currency
Commemoratives
Other Products
Accessories
Unique and Rare
News
Information
Contact
Newsletter
Satisfaction Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
News from the Mint
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how American Mint, LLC (“American Mint”) collects, uses, and shares the personal information that you provide to us. American Mint knows that privacy is important to you and we are devoted to ensuring that your privacy and personal information are protected. You can be confident that any information you provide to us will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. American Mint reserves the right to amend or update this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on our website and indicating the effective date of the policy.
What Information We Collect
When you register, order, or otherwise communicate with American Mint, American Mint collects the information you provide in order to complete your transaction and properly service your account. American Mint may request information, including, but not limited to your name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit and/or debit card information. We maintain a record of this information in order to process your payments, orders, returns, etc. We will also send you information that we think may be valuable to you. You do not need to register an account with us in order to make purchases. An account allows you to more easily place orders with us.
American Mint also collects information from your interactions with us, including your purchases, payments, correspondence and use of our social media services (ex. company’s Facebook page). American Mint may receive information from third parties about your transactions with other vendors, such as Fed Ex shipments or third-party credit card processing information. American Mint may obtain updated telephone, address and other information about you from third parties. In addition, American Mint may receive information about your creditworthiness from consumer reporting agencies.
We collect information about you through cookies. Cookies are small files that identify your browser and they provide us with some details about your usage of our site. We use this information to provide you with a customized shopping experience where you can quickly locate the products and services you want to purchase.
You have the option to disable cookies through your internet web browser, but by disabling this feature, you will not receive a customized shopping experience where you are quickly directed to the products and services of interest to you. You may also not be able to purchase items on the site by disabling cookies. American Mint offers a website that is user-friendly and easy to navigate. The use of cookies further enhances the ease of purchasing items on our site and it creates a more enjoyable experience.
We collect information from third parties, such as from cooperative databases or coops. Cooperative databases obtain personal information, such as names and mailing addresses, from many different businesses and sources. This personal information is combined into a single database that can be accessed by its users to select prospects.
What We Do with The Information We Collect
American Mint uses the information collected about you to perform services for you including fulfilling your orders, arranging payment for your purchases and responding to your requests. In addition, American Mint may use information collected about you to tailor specific product offers to you and to improve your shopping experience.
Security
American Mint is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have implemented reasonable procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. American Mint restricts the use of information about you. Only those employees who need to know your information to provide you with high quality products and services will have access to your personal information. American Mint maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your information.
Disclosure
American Mint shares the information we collect from and about you within the company. This includes all affiliates and subsidiaries. American Mint may contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, name and address verification, email distribution and promotions management. American Mint provides these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and works closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than authorized American Mint representatives.
You may request that American Mint not disclose personal information about you to non-affiliated companies except as may be required by law. While this may limit the products, offers and services provided to you, American Mint will fully comply with your wishes.
Call our toll-free customer service number at 1-877-807-MINT (1-877-807-6468) to opt out of non-affiliated third-party lists.
Customer Information Transfer
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses and assets, including customer information.
CCPA Privacy Notification for California Residents
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of American Mint, LLC (“American Mint”) above and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the terms of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the previous twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, if provided, postal address, Internet Protocol address, e-mail address, account name.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Date of birth, marital status, sex (including gender)
YES
D. Commercial information.
Transaction information, financial details, payment methods, purchase history, including products and services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with our website, application, or advertisement.
YES
F. Geolocation data.
Geolocation data including device location and IP location.
YES
G. Sensory data.
Audio call recordings created in connection with our business activities.
YES
H. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about an individual’s preferences.
YES
Personal Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, if you provide us with personal information in order to purchase our products or services, we will use that information to process your payment and ship your order. If you provide us with personal information in order to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that information to provide you with the requested information.
To develop, improve and maintain our products and services.
To perform identity verification.
To address your inquiries in a complete and timely manner.
To improve and maintain the security and functionality of our website.
To deliver customized marketing and advertising when you visit the site tailored to your specific interests.
To provide you with an excellent customer service experience.
To provide you with email alerts and other notices concerning our products and services, events or news that may be of interest to you.
To obtain feedback from you and maintain records.
To create, customize, maintain and secure your account with us.
To process your payments and transactions.
To detect and prevent fraud.
To undertake quality and safety assurance measures and to maintain our facilities and infrastructure.
To perform accounting, auditing and other internal functions, such as internal investigations.
To respond to subpoenas and law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As otherwise permitted under the CCPA.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for such a purpose, the third party is required under contract to keep that personal information confidential and not to use it for any other purposes other than for the limited use of fulfilling the contract.
We may disclose your personal information with companies that perform services for us. For example, banks, credit card processing and servicing, data storage and maintenance, marketing, shipping, verification, collection of unpaid debt.
We may disclose your personal information periodically with unaffiliated third parties, including but not limited to your mailing and or e-mail address and other contact information (but not your credit card number) whose products and services may be of interest to you. These companies have their own privacy policy in place. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from these third parties, oppose us sharing your personal information with unaffiliated third parties or to learn more information about the ways in which your information is shared, you may e-mail us at contact@americanmint.com or phone us at 1-877-807-6468. You may also contact us to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to change your preferences.
We may disclose your name and address information periodically with cooperative databases.
We may disclose your personal information in order to comply with the law, to comply or enforce applicable agreements or as otherwise required by law.
Your Rights and Choices
The following sections describe your rights under the CCPA and they explain how to exercise those rights. Under the CCPA, you have the right to:
Request information about the categories and specific types of information we have collected about you or request access to the type of personal information we share with third parties.
Request that your personal information be deleted.
Opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.
Not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific types of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion requests if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us toll-free at 1-877-807-6468; or
Emailing us at contact@americanmint.com
At that time, we will send you a verifiable consumer request form and instructions for making a request.
Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice in a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. We will verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information by requiring you to provide the appropriate personal information and/or documentation that matches the personal information we maintain on file. For all requests, we will ask for the appropriate personal information from you to verify your identity and ensure that you are the person who is the subject of the request.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will utilize either a two or three tier process to verify your identity depending on the request you make and the information you request. Depending on the type of request you make and the information you ask for, you may also be required to execute a signed declaration under penalty of perjury stating that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of your request.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete on your behalf, we will require that you provide us with written proof that the authorized agent has your permission to do so and we will require that the authorized agent verifies his or her own identity. If you use an authorized agent with power of attorney, we will require that you provide us with a written power of attorney document proving that the authorized agent has power of attorney over you and your permission to make the request. If you make a request for a minor child, we will require that you, as the child’s parent or guardian, provide us with a signed consent form signed under penalty of perjury. If you are a guardian of a minor child and make a request for that minor child, we will require that you provide us with a written proof of guardianship form as well. These additional documents must be submitted along with the verifiable consumer request form.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.
The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with your request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will provide you with a hardcopy of the data.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Children
Our website does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, do not use this site or provide any information. If we become aware that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 16 without the written consent of a parent, we will delete that information.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out Rights
Consumers who are 16 years of age or older have the right, at any time, to direct us not to sell their personal information. This is known as the right to opt-out under the CCPA. We do not sell the personal information of consumers that we know are less than 16 years of age.
You may exercise your right to opt-out of any future sale of your personal information by visiting the following link:
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our sole discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post any changes to this privacy notice on our website and indicate the effective date of the notice. We encourage you to revisit this website often to stay informed as to what information we collect and how the information is used and disclosed.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at:
American Mint, LLC 5051 Louise Drive Mechanicsburg, PA 17055 1-877-807-6468 contact@americanmint.com
Viewed
Personal customer service – we´re happy to be here for you!
Do you have any questions or concerns?
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT Fax: (717)-458-9217
Hours of operation:
8am to 8pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday 10am to 8pm Eastern Time Saturday
OUR AMERICAN MINT ADVANTAGES
TRUSTED PARTNER OF AMERICAN COLLECTORS
You will benefit from our experienced staff and international trade partners: we can offer you select rarities at especially fair prices. Look forward to interesting news and special offers, and use our personal discounts to discover new collection topics and fine rarities.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE 21-DAY RETURN POLICY
Your satisfaction is guaranteed. If you're not pleased with an item you receive, you may return it within 21 days for a full refund of the purchase price.
FREE S&H for orders over $150
Save on delivery. When you spend $150 or more, shipping and handling is on us.
X
Don't Miss Out!
Looking for gold and silver coins? Sign up for the American Mint newsletter and be the first to receive the latest deals on genuine U.S. currency and exclusive American Mint commemoratives.
First Name*
Last Name
E-Mail*
Submit
Thank you!
X
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may request Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and do not want us to sell your personal information as explained in our Privacy Policy, please fill out and submit the form below.
Thank you!
}