https://www.bouncingbearbotanicals.com/terms.html
Save on every
purchase!
Save with
Reward Points or Coupons!
Details Here
Home | Account | Shopping
Cart | Check Out | New
Stuff |
FAQ | Points-Rewards | Forum
All products are organically-grown or
wild-harvested.
EXOTIC CHOICES
All Herbals
Contact Us
Testimonies
Points and Rewards
Affiliate Program
Purchasing Info
Wholesale
Disclaimer
Articles
Privacy & Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
-- Bouncing Bear Botanicals --
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using https://www.bouncingbearbotanicals.com ("the Site") operated by Bouncing Bear Botanicals. ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.bouncingbearbotanicals.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Bouncing Bear Botanicals. and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by bouncingbearbotanicals.com
bouncingbearbotanicals.com has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
By placing an order, you are agreeing to this disclaimer: All of the
Ethnobotanicals available from this site are sold for research, education and
propagation purposes only. None of the Ethnobotanicals sold are for human
consumption. Some of the Ethnobotanicals available are poisonous. The Herbals
available have not been evaluated by the FDA. Research all Herbals before using.
Use at your own risk. Customers must be over 18 years of age to purchase
anything from this site. Bouncing Bear, anyone and anything related to Bouncing
Bear and this site can not be held accountable for any of your actions or
choices.