http://www.gethsemanifarms.org/privacyPolicy.aspx
Gethsemani Farms
800.549.0912
Login
Search
Menu
Gethsemani Farms
800.549.0912
Login
Reorder
Search
Reorder
Fruitcakes
Fudge
Combinations
Gifts
Multimedia
Pantry
Religious Items
Search
Your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you to understand how Gethsemani Farms collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
GethsemaniFarms.org gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our Web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services. This information allows us to see which areas of GethsemaniFarms.org are most visited and helps us better understand our customers' experience at GethsemaniFarms.org. This helps us improve the quality of visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our Web site.
We collect information from you that you provide to us at this site when you establish or update an account or shop online. This information is used to enable GethsemaniFarms.org to deliver products that you have ordered, to fulfill requests that you have created, to contact you or the recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, for verification, to respond to your inquiries and to deliver services and information about our products or web site to you.
The information you provide (for example, name, address, credit card type, products ordered, quantity, etc) will be added to a database. The information in this database is used for shipping & reporting purposes.
GethsemaniFarms.org uses a browser feature known as a cookie to help keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to tell us whether you have previously visited GethsemaniFarms.org.
Gethsemani Farms’ E-Mail News allows you to receive occasional information about special offers, new products and much more. If you're not already registered, simply complete our registration form to receive these special messages.
This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at GethsemaniFarms.org.
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please contact us at customerservice@gethsemanifarms.org or 1-800-549-1619.
Get the latest email sales.
Subscribe for email sales.