http://www.accoladedesigns.com/exec/privacy
Shopping Cart
Plaques
|Acrylic
|Crystal
|Marble
|Trophies
|Gifts
|Nameplates
|Badges
|My Account
Catalog
Award Plaques
Engraved Plaques
Full Color Plaques
Perpetual Plaques
Desktop Plaques
Gavel Plaques
Clock Plaques
Photo Plaques
Outdoor Plaques
Create Your Own
Acrylic Awards
Engraved Acrylics
Full Color Acrylics
Acrylic Wall Plaques
Crystal Awards
Marble Awards
Trophies
Trophy Cups
Figurines
Fantasy Sports Trophies
Fantasy Football Trophies
Fantasy Baseball Trophies
Fantasy Basketball Trophies
Fantasy Soccer Trophies
Engraved Gifts
Clocks
Wine Gifts
Desk Items
Frames
Name Plates
Name Badges
Engraved Badges
Full Color Badges
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At AccoladeDesigns.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We pledge to keep
your information confidential.
We will only use the information you supply
to us to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. We do not
ever sell, trade, or rent your personal information to outside parties.
To improve your checkout process and to provide a more personalized shopping experience,
you can create an account with AccoladeDesigns.com. Creating an AccoladeDesigns.com account
allows you to view your order history and track your orders, keep a convenient address book
for faster checkout, and keep a history of previous designs and uploads so you can
continually use your favorite designs with ease. When ordering with us, we need to know your name,
e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, and credit card information.
This allows us to process your order and to notify you of your order status.
Security of Your Information
Rest assured that we utilize the latest encryption technology to ensure the safety of your
personal information at Accolade Designs. Your ordering information is encrypted during the ordering
process & transmission and stored on our secure server to provide the highest level of security possible.
We further protect your information using the following methods:
Password protection: When you create an account with us, your password creates another level of
security for your personal information. Your password is your secret code into your account.
Make your password a combination of at least 6 characters/numbers that are not easily guessed
(don't make your password your last name, for example).
Site protection: Our entire site is protected behind an advanced firewall (think of it as a cyber fortress),
which prevents unauthorized persons from accessing your information. When you order, we transfer to a secure
server before collecting your credit card information. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts then sends
your information securely. Your credit card information is used only by Verisign, a credit card processing company.
Additionally, we use the Address Verification System (AVS) to verify the billing address matches
the address of the credit card. We use other resources and procedures to ensure all orders are valid.
FAQ |
Store Policy |
Privacy Policy |
Customers |
Site Map |
Contact Us
Phone: 1-888-628-3298   (M-F 8:30AM - 5:30PM Pacific Time)
Email: orders@AccoladeDesigns.com
©2020 Accolade Designs. All Rights Reserved.