https://www.pacsun.com/company/privacy-policy.html#cookies
Skip to main content
PacSunRewards
Styled by PacSun
Gift Cards
Get Email
Help
Company Info
About PacSun
Careers
Social Responsibility
California Supply Chains Act
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
(Last updated July 28, 2019)
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING PACSUN’S SERVICES.
OVERVIEW
Pacific Sunwear of California, LLC ("PacSun," "we," "us," or "our) values its relationship with you, and your privacy is important to us. Below we describe personal information that we may receive in connection with your use of PacSun’s Services (as defined in our
Terms of Use
), how and why we receive it, your rights and options, and the efforts we make to safeguard it all.
If you reside in the European Union, please see the Rights of European Union Residents section below. If you reside in California, please see the Rights of California Residents section below. These sections provide information regarding the rights afforded to European Union and California residents under law in those respective jurisdictions and the mechanisms under which residents may exercise their rights. Any terms used in the Rights Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) section have the same meaning as defined in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140.
When you provide personal information to PacSun, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current, and complete information.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers PacSun’s processing as data controller of your personal information, including information we receive when you use PacSun’s Services or share information with any of PacSun’s third-party partners. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with this policy and
contact us
if you have any questions.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that PacSun does not own or control, or to individuals whom PacSun does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties from which PacSun may obtain or to which PacSun may disclose user personal information as set forth in this policy. The practices of such third parties are governed by their respective privacy policies.
POLICY CHANGES
This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided to you about our privacy practices. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on PacSun’s Website. If there are material changes to this policy or our privacy practices, we will notify you prior to their becoming effective by posting a notice on the homepage of the Website, and we will seek your consent where required.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE ABOUT YOU
We receive information about you when you visit our Websites and/or use our Services. This information includes certain personal information (information that can be used to personally identify you, either directly or indirectly) and certain non-personal information (information that does not permit a direct association with you). In some cases, we may ask you to provide identifying information, such as your name and contact information, in order to access certain Services. We request personal information as is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you and for the limited business purposes identified below. Your disclosure of this information is voluntary. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may be unable to access these Services.
Personal information may be obtained either directly by PacSun or indirectly through its third-party partners. Please note that we process the following personal information: your first name, last name, date of birth, gender, billing address(es), shipping address(es), email address(es), telephone number(s), payment information (payment method; credit card, debit card, gift card, rewards program, and coupon code information; and “Bill To” address), location information (continent, country, region, state or province, zip code, city, store vicinity, and “Ship To” address), order and purchase history, search queries, product and service preferences, account information (including but not limited to username(s), password(s), and settings), as well as connection, log and browsing data, the device(s) you use to access our Services, operating system, device information, unique device identifiers, Internet Protocol address, referring site/application, app version, visit metrics, action metrics, page view metrics, and search metrics.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE ABOUT YOU
We may process your personal information for the following purposes as a result of the contractual or pre-contractual relationships between you and us:
to process your online shopping on our Services, including to implement transactions and to maintain details of your order history;
to contact you and provide you with the products, services, information and/or assistance you request;
to manage your electronic subscriptions;
to manage your participation in sweepstakes, games, and contests in which you have chosen to participate; and
to address your claims resulting from the performance of agreements between you and us.
Moreover, we also may process your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you with suggestions and information in which you may be interested;
to make and display advertisements and to measure or understand the effectiveness thereof (including but not limited to targeted advertisements); and/li>
for implementing business analysis
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest:
We also may collect and process your personal information for the purposes identified below, which are required in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest:
to ensure that the information and content available on our Services is presented in an effective manner;
to improve the clothes we design and/or manufacture, so as to better meet market expectations, and to improve our online platform so that it is easier to use;
to protect the integrity and operation of our Services, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and service improvement;
to make you aware of any changes to our Services;
to bring legal action to protect your safety or rights or the safety or rights of PacSun or others; and
to comply with requests from authorized law enforcement authorities.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain personal information for up to 5 years following a customer’s latest contact with us.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use industry standard technology to protect the security of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us.
PERSONAL MOBILE PHONE INFORMATION
Except as necessary to provide you with requested mobile messaging, as required by law, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property, we will not disclose your Personal Mobile Phone Information to any persons or entities outside of our company, nor lease, license, rent, transfer, disclose, disseminate or otherwise grant access to such information.
MAKING PURCHASES
We guarantee you will only pay for authorized items that you have ordered.
You will have the option of saving certain information, including your personal information, in our system for your convenience with respect to future purchases. The information is stored in the form of a “cookie” in your computer (for additional information regarding cookies, please see below). Even though you need cookies to be enabled to make an online purchase, it is not necessary to save information via cookies if you choose not to.
By registering an account with PacSun, your checkout will be quicker and more efficient, with easy access to your order history, shipping preferences, wish lists, and special offers. If you're not comfortable shopping online and wish to phone in your order, you are welcome to do so.
ELECTRONIC AND CATALOG SUBSCRIPTIONS
If you sign up for our electronic subscriptions, you'll be the first to hear about upcoming sales, online exclusive discounts, contests and more. For example, you can sign up to receive our PacSun email newsletter and outlet emails during check-out and in various locations of the Services.
You'll always be able to unsubscribe from these electronic subscriptions, and we have a Contact Preference Center where you can manage these subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. For more information, please visit our Contact Preference Center or
contact us
.
ONLINE CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES
We're always throwing down new, fun online contests and sweepstakes at PacSun. Enter, you could win!
Most sweepstakes and contests are open to U.S. residents age 13 and older, If you are over this age, but under the age of majority in your state, make sure you get your parent’s permission before entering any personal info.
To enter a given sweepstakes or contest, you may need to provide certain information to us, including personal information. If you are one of our winners, we'll use this information to contact you. Contest sponsors may utilize your info based on which opt-in(s) you have selected on the sweepstakes or contest entry pages.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are data files saved to your computer’s hard drive when you visit a site. A “session cookie” expires immediately when you end your session (i.e., close your browser). A “persistent cookie” stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available
We use session and persistent cookies, either directly or through a third-party partner, as well as other tracking technologies (including but not limited to pixel tags and web beacons). These cookies enable us to operate our Services as you have requested, and facilitate your browsing and the use of our Services, so that you enjoy a seamless experience (e.g., we will remember which is your preferred language and will display the content of our Services accordingly). Please note that we use cookies to carry out traffic and business analytics as well as statistics activities, which enable us to understand how you use our Services and improve them, as well as to provide you with targeted advertising.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent and decide if you are willing to accept it or not, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. However, if you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient, and some of our Services will not function properly.
If you consent to our use of cookies but later wish to opt out, you may do so at any time through your browser settings, which allow you to delete the cookies that have been set and change your browser settings to block all or part of any further cookies.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
PacSun relies on third-party vendors and service providers to provide support and assistance for our Services and products. We may share your personal information with such third parties in order to help us conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services. We may contract with various third-party service providers in furtherance of this goal, including but not limited to payment processors, website hosting partners, banks, cookie providers, and others.
We also work with third-party advertising, marketing, and analytics partners to serve ads on this or other sites, using information collected through the use of industry standard technologies such as cookies and pixel tags.
These third parties may receive information about you over time and across different websites when you use our Services. Our corporate affiliates also may receive your personal information when you use our Services.
If PacSun is sold to or merges with another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the personal information collected about you may be transferred to a third-party as a result of the transfer of assets, subject only to agreement by the acquirer that the personal information will be subject to the same or substantially similar privacy protections as those established by this Privacy Policy.
PacSun collaborates with government agencies and security organizations to prevent fraud and fraudulent use of your information, including your personal information. During fraud prevention investigations, we may share information, including your personal information, with the agencies that assist us, as permitted and required by U.S. law.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will only share your personal information with the categories of third parties described in this Privacy Policy or if we have irreversibly removed any information from which you could be identified, directly or indirectly.
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose, including providing it to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
RIGHTS OF EUROEPAN UNION RESIDENTS
Residents of the European Union are entitled to access the personal information we keep about them, ask for the modification of such information, and receive such information in a structured and standard format. Residents of the European Union also may ask us to erase their personal information or restrict us from processing it . A resident of the European Union has the right to object to processing of their personal information. As permitted under European Union law, a resident’s request for erasure and objection to processing of their personal information may be subject to certain restrictions.
To exercise such rights, please
Contact Us Residents of the European Union
also have the right to lodge a complaint with a local regulatory authority about how their personal information has been processed.
RIGHTS OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Rights Regarding Personal Information Used for Marketing
If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
PacSun does not disclose your personal information for third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
California law also permits minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content.
For additional information or to make such a request, please
contact us
.
Rights Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”)
California law requires businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of California residents pursuant to the CCPA. Any terms defined in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in this section.
California residents may request that PacSun disclose to them the following information covering the preceding 12 months:
The categories of personal information PacSun has collected about them;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with which PacSun shares personal information;
The categories of personal information about them that PacSun has sold and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold;
The categories of personal information about them that PacSun has disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed;
The specific pieces of personal information PacSun has collected about them.
A California resident may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling (888) 326-3971 or submitting a Request to Know More About or to Delete Your Personal Information. Such a request may be referred to as a right-to-know request. Pursuant to California law, PacSun will verify the California resident’s identity before complying with any such request. For all right-to-know requests, PacSun will verify a California resident’s identity by matching the resident’s name, email address, and telephone number with its existing records. To verify right-to-know requests for specific pieces of personal information, PacSun also requires a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that the requestor of the information is the resident to whom the personal information requested belongs. Therefore, after receiving a request for specific pieces of personal information, PacSun will contact the requesting California resident to obtain the signed declaration. If PacSun cannot verify a California resident’s identity from the information already in its existing records, PacSun may request additional information from the California resident which will only be used for the purposes of verifying the identity of the resident seeking to exercise their rights under the CCPA and for security or fraud prevention purposes. PacSun will inform the California resident if it is unable to verify the resident’s identify.
A California resident has the right to request that PacSun delete any personal information about the California resident that it has collected from the California resident, and that PacSun direct any service provider to delete the California resident’s personal information from its records. Such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. However, pursuant to the CCPA, a California resident’s information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of their personal information is necessary: to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service that they requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of their ongoing business relationship with PacSun, or otherwise perform a contract between PacSun and the resident; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with their expectations based on their relationship with PacSun; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use their information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which they provided the information.
For more information about these and other situations in which we may not delete a California resident’s information, please see Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.105(d).
A California resident may request the deletion of their personal information by calling (888) 326-3971 or submitting a Request to Know More About or to Delete Your Personal Information. Before deleting the California resident’s personal information, PacSun will verify their identity, as required by the CCPA. For deletion requests, PacSun will verify a California resident’s identity by matching the resident’s name, email address, and telephone number with its existing records. If PacSun cannot verify a California resident’s identity from the information already in its existing records, PacSun may request additional information from the California resident which will only be used for the purposes of verifying the identity of the resident seeking to exercise their rights under the CCPA and for security or fraud prevention purposes. PacSun will inform the California resident if it is unable to verify the resident’s identify and will instead treat the request as a request to opt-out of sale.
A California resident may use an authorized agent to submit a right-to-know request or a request to delete. To use an authorized agent, the California resident must provide the agent with written authorization. In addition, the California resident may be required to verify their own identity with PacSun. PacSun may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the California resident to act on their behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where a California resident has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Cal. Prob. Code Sections 4000 to 4465.
PacSun does not currently sell personal information, including that of California residents. Should PacSun begin selling personal information, it will update its Privacy Statement accordingly and California residents will have the right to direct PacSun not to sell their personal information.
PacSun will not discriminate against a California resident because the California resident exercised any of their rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to the California resident;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the California resident;
Suggesting that the California resident will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, PacSun may charge a California resident a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to PacSun by that resident’s data. In addition, PacSun may offer financial incentives, including payments to California residents as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. PacSun may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the California resident if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to PacSun by that resident’s data.
PacSun will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
Information regarding financial incentives offered by PacSun is provided below. Note that the CCPA requires that PacSun reference specific categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA. PacSun may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
Financial Incentive Program
Summary of Financial Incentive and Material Terms
Categories of Personal Information Implicated
Opting Into Financial Incentive
Right to Withdraw From Financial Incentive
PacSun Rewards Program
By signing up with their name, email address, postal address, mobile phone number, information regarding shopping tendencies, a birthdate, members in the PacSun Rewards Program can earn points with every purchase and by completing certain activities.
In particular, members can earn 1,250 points and they will receive a $5 reward off their next purchase.
Members also receive a $5 reward for signing up.
For additional details please visit: https://www.pacsun.com/company/terms-of-use.html
and FAQs: https://www.pacsun.com/help?a=PacSun-Rewards-FAQ---id--PD7gX2NISQKre4_5dSmTQw
* Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number; driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
* Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
* Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
* Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
*Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
*Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
To opt-in, a resident may visit https://www.pacsun.com/rewards/rewards-information.html or enroll through our mobile app or in-store.
A resident has the right withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. To do so, a resident may call our customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
Marketing Emails
By signing up with their email address, individuals may receive exclusive offers and promotions, including discounts on certain purchases, and access to new arrivals.
*Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
*Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
*Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
*Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement
*Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
To opt-in, a resident may visit https://www.pacsun.com/ and submit their email address.
A resident has the right withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. To do so, a resident may click on the unsubscribe link contained in each email or call our customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
SMS Acquisition
Individuals receive a percent off their next purchase after signing up and may also receive subsequent exclusive offers, including discounts on certain purchases.
*Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
*Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
*Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
*Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement
*Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
A resident may opt-in by through a pop-up on our website leading them to a landing page where they can submit their mobile phone number or through in-store signage with use of a “Snap Code” (Snapchat) that
opens up an online landing page where a resident can submit their mobile phone number. For more information regarding opt-in a customer can call our customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
A resident has the right withdraw from the financial incentive at any time.
To do so, a resident can text STOP to any message from PacSun or our call customer service number at (877) 372-2786.
In the preceding 12 months, PacSun has collected the following categories of personal information about California residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. PacSun may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Source of Collection
Purpose of Collection
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number; driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
We collect this information from California residents in store, online, and through SMS messaging, our customer service call center, and social media. We also collect this information from second and third-party marketing sources.
Promoting safety and security; processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80 (Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information)
We collect this information from California residents in store, online, and through SMS messaging, our customer service call center, and social media. We also collect this information from second and third-party marketing sources.
Promoting safety and security; processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
We collect this information from California residents in store and online. We also collect this information from second and third-party marketing sources.
Processing customer requests; marketing
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
We collect this information from California residents in store, online, and through our customer service call center and social media. We also collect this information from second and third-party marketing sources.
Processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
We collect this information from California residents in store, online, and through SMS messaging, our customer service call center, and social media.
Promoting
safety and security; processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
We collect this information from California residents online and through our customer service call center and social media.
Processing customer requests and transactions; marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Biometric information
We collect this information from California residents online and through social media.
Marketing; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
We collect this information from California residents in store, online, and through SMS messaging, our customer call center, and social media. We also collect this information from second and third-party marketing sources.
Processing customer requests; marketing; website optimization; providing, improving, and developing our products and services
In the preceding 12 months, PacSun has sold the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties. Currently, PacSun does not sell personal information about California residents.
Category of Personal Information Sold
Category of Third Party to Which Personal Information Disclosed
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Analytics provider
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
Analytics provider
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Analytics provider
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Analytics provider
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Analytics provider
In the preceding 12 months, PacSun has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties (to the extent the disclosure was made to a third-party).
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for
a Business Purpose
Category of Third Party to Which Personal Information Disclosed, To The Extent Disclosed To a Third Party
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Website operations and logistics, delivery service, customer care and experience, marketing, analytics, and fraud prevention providers; social media users; parent company
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80
Website operations and logistics, delivery service, customer care and experience, marketing, analytics, and fraud prevention providers; social media users; parent company
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Website operations and logistics and
customer care and experience providers; parent company
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Website operations and logistics, delivery service, customer care and experience, marketing, and analytics providers; social media users; parent company
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
Website operations and logistics, customer care and experience, marketing, and analytics providers; social media users; parent company
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Customer care and experience provider;
social media users; parent company
Biometric information
Social media users; parent company
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Website operations and logistics, customer care and experience, marketing, and analytics providers; parent company
CHILDREN
Our Services are not directed to persons under age 13 in the U.S., or the equivalent age in other jurisdictions (such as 16 in the EU). Users must be at least this age to access, use, or register for the Services. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from persons under this age without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a user under this age without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you are a parent and you think we have inadvertently collected personal information from your child who is under this age, you may
contact us
to request instructions on how to delete this content from the Services.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION AND PREFRENCES
We offer several ways for you to update your information that is obtained and stored by PacSun, including options to change your account preferences and remove your email from email updates:
To modify your account information, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section of this Website.
To unsubscribe from electronic updates, please visit the Contact Preference Center, where you can manage your subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in. You also may click an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of one of our updates or other electronic communications. You also may click an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of one of our updates or other electronic communications.
European Union and California residents may also review “Rights of European Union Residents” and “Rights of California Residents” to understand their rights under the laws of those jurisdictions.
You may also contact us.
Please note that due to email production schedules, after opting out you may receive emails that are already in production.
DEFINITIONS
Any capitalized term used in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to it under our Terms of Use unless expressly defined herein, including any terms used in the “Rights Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”)” section which have the same meaning as defined in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140.
CONTACT US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
www.pacsun.com/contactus
Snapchat
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Pinterest
Download the app
Information for California Residents: Visit the Privacy Policy for details regarding the categories of personal information collected through this website and the business and commercial purpose(s) for which the information will be used.
©2020 Pacific Sunwear of California, LLC. All rights reserved.
Our website uses cookies to facilitate your browsing and the use of our services, to enhance your experience on our website, and for personalized marketing purposes. You may opt out of the use of cookies through your browser settings, which allow you to delete cookies that have been set. For more information regarding our use of cookies please visit our
Privacy Policy.