http://www.fifka.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Fifka Technology Hub
Easy Tech Exploration
Menu
Home
Technology
Technology on Society
Reach Us
Our Crew
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
Fifka Technology Hub is located at:
Fifka Technology Hub
1325 Ashford, VA, Drive Ashburn
22011 – VA , USA
703-723-0033
It is Fifka Technology Hub’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to
www.fifka.com/ (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “www.fifka.com/”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fifka Technology Hub collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.Fifka Technology Hub’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Fifka Technology Hub’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Fifka Technology Hub may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fifka Technology Hub also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.fifka.com/ blog posts. Fifka Technology Hub only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fifka Technology Hub’s websites choose to interact with Fifka Technology Hub in ways that require Fifka Technology Hub to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fifka Technology Hub gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at http://www.fifka.com/ to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Fifka Technology Hub and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Fifka Technology Hub may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Fifka Technology Hub may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Fifka Technology Hub does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Fifka Technology Hub uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fifka Technology Hub uses cookies to help Fifka Technology Hub identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.fifka.com/, and their website access preferences. Fifka Technology Hub visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Fifka Technology Hub’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Fifka Technology Hub’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Fifka Technology Hub’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fifka Technology Hub may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fifka Technology Hub’s sole discretion. Fifka Technology Hub encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Credit & Contact Information
This privacy policy was created at privacyterms.io. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
Pages
Our Crew
Positive Impacts of Technology on Society
Reach Us
Extra InfoFind Us
Latest Posts
The Amazing Benefits of Electric Longboards
Benefits of Using Online Tax Calculator
What You Need to Know About GPS
The Best Chromebooks in 2020
Best Budget Corner Office Desks for Gaming PC
Watch NowTerm and Privacy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions