https://www.electrohill.co.uk/oshop/privacy-policy
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List (0)
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Electrohill is a totally independant organisation and does not disclose buyers information to third parties.
All payments are handled by PayPal or First Data on their secure servers and we have no access to your card details.
Our site is secured by Let's Encrypt TLS/SSL Certificate
We use cookies on our website. By using our website you agree to this Policy and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
About Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
There are two main kinds of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies only last for the duration of users using the website and are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies outlast user sessions and remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies on this Website
We use persistent cookies on this website to provide links to social network sharing services, and to update you on our most popular content.
Google Analytics
We also use cookies to help us improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
For this purpose we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Continue
×
×
×
×
Customer Feedback
CUSTOMER FEEDBACK
Just to let you know i got my parcel okay & thanks for the speedy reply in the 1st instance ... i will defo buy from your company in the future.
John, Scotland
Many thanks for all you have done to help with this.
I will keep your shop as a bookmark.
Rob, Scotland
ref schaller pick up Many thank for very quick service i am well pleased regards
Ivan, Norfolk
the guitar arrived yesterday and I am very happy with it. More than this I have to thank you for the super fast two day shipment - great job!
Rolf, Germany
×
×
×