http://www.gogreensolar.com/pages/privacy-policy
GoGreenSolar
Go solar for less! Buy panels direct and DIY or hire a contractor, saving thousands. Permits, guides and interconnection provided.
Call (866) 798-4435
REQUEST A QUOTE | OUR GUARANTEE
Roof Mounted Solar
Ground Mounted Solar
Battery Backup Systems
Size Your System
About Us
Free PV Proposal
Request a Quote
Why Choose Us
New Home Builders
Testimonials
Contact Us
Hablamos Español
Solar Panel Kits
Micro Inverter Kits
PV Optimizer Kits
String Inverter Kits
Ground Mount PV Kits
Battery Backup Systems
Solar Panels
Solar Panels for Homes
Mono Solar Panels
72/144 Cell Solar Panels
Small Solar Panels
Inverters
Micro Inverters
String Inverters
Power Optimizers
Racking
Roof Mount
Ground Mount
Metal Roof Attachments
QuickMount E-Mount
QuickHook Attachments
Off Grid
Off Grid Solar Kits
Off Grid Solar Panels
Solar Batteries
Inverters & Chargers
Charge Controllers
DC Fridges & Freezers
Accessories
Load Calculator
Services
Home Builders & Contractors
Solar Financing
Solar Permit Service
Solar Interconnection
Off Grid Load Calculator
Learn
Size Your PV System
DIY Solar FAQ
Solar Installation Guides
Will Solar Work For Me?
Solar Buy Vs Lease
Solar Components 101
Federal Tax Credit
Solar Glossary
Read Our Blog
Final Year For a 26% Federal Tax Credit - Act Now! »
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Scope
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our
services on the Gigawatt, Inc. websites. It applies generally to the GoGreenSolar.com website and other related websites, if any, where this policy appears in the footer of the page (“the Sites”).
By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration, you
expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your
personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is
effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on April 1st, 2007.
Collection
You can browse the Sites without telling us who you are or revealing any
personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information,
you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal
information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information to our servers located in the United States.
We may collect and store the following personal information:
email address, physical contact information, and sometimes financial
information, such as credit card or bank account numbers;
transactional information based on your activities on the Sites (such as
requests for quotes, requests for proposals, posts, projects and other services
that you have purchased in the past, bids, quotes, proposals, storefronts,
feedback, ratings and associated comments, acceptances, rejections and content
you generate or that relates to your account);
billing, location, address and other information you provide for a request;
Go Green Solar community discussions, chats, dispute resolution,
correspondence through the Site, and correspondence sent to us;
computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the
Site, and ad data;
other information, including IP address and standard web log information,
and
supplemental information from third parties. (For example, if you incur a
debt to Go Green Solar, we will generally conduct a credit check by obtaining
additional information about you from a credit bureau, as permitted by law. As
another example, if the information you provide cannot be verified, we may ask
you to send us additional information (such as your driver license, credit card
statement, and/or a recent utility bill or other information confirming your
address), or to answer additional questions online to help verify your
information.)
Marketing
We don’t sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their
marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your
information with information we collect from other companies (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize our services. If you don’t wish to
receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your preference once
you sign-in on in Go Green Solar, similar account status page, or by following the directions within the email.
Use
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with
a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. You agree that we may use your personal information to:
provide the services and customer support you request;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User
Agreement;
customize, measure, and improve our services and the Sites’ content and
layout;
tell you about targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers
based on your communication preferences; and compare information for accuracy,
and verify it with third parties.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements,
enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates
the rights of others, or protect anyone’s rights, property, or safety.
We may also share your personal information with:
service providers under contract who help with our business operations;
(such as fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs
and co-branded credit cards)
other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information;
(or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a
specific service)
law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified
request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity; (In
such events we will disclose name, city, state, telephone number, email address,
User ID history, fraud complaints, and bidding and listing history.)
individuals under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion
believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud,
intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity; (In such
events we will disclose name, street address, city, state, zip code, country,
phone number, email, and company name.) and
other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that
business entity. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new
combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal
information. If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy,
you will receive prior notice.)
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our
ability to keep the Go Green Solar community free from bad actors, we will not
otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other
government officials, or other third parties without a subpoena, court order or
substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that
the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or
financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity.
Activity Associated with User IDs
Your User ID is displayed throughout Go Green Solar and is therefore
available to the public. All of your activities on the Site will be traceable to
your User ID. Other people can see your requests for quotes, requests for
proposals, posts, projects and other services that you have purchased in the
past, acceptances, bids, quotes, proposals, storefronts, feedback, ratings and
associated comments, and so on. Notices are sent to other community members
regarding suspicious activity and policy violations on the Site and refer to
User IDs and specific items. Therefore, if you associate your name with your
User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name to will be able to
personally identify your Go Green Solar activities.
Using Information from Go Green Solar
Our Sites enable you to share personal and financial information in order to
complete transactions. We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and
respect the privacy of other users. We cannot guarantee the privacy or security
of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and
security policies of your contracting partner before entering into a transaction
and choosing to share your information. To help protect your privacy, we allow
only limited access to other users’ contact, address and financial information
in order to facilitate your transactions. When users are involved in a
transaction, they may have access to each other’s name, User ID, email address,
and other contact information. In all cases, you must give other users a chance
to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information
you have collected about them.
You agree to use user information only for:
Go Green Solar transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited
commercial messages;
using services offered through Go Green Solar, or
other purposes that a user expressly chooses.
Cookies
We may use "cookies" (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain pages
of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, customize our services, measure
promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of
cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.
Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically
deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although
doing so may interfere with your use of the Sites.
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the Sites
that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another
user, there may be a "cookie" placed by that web page.)
No spam, spyware or spoofing
We and our users do not tolerate spam. Make sure to set your Go Green Solar notification preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer. You are not licensed to add other Go Green Solar users to your mail list (email or physical
mail) without their express consent. To report Go Green Solar related spam or
spoof emails to Go Green Solar, please forward the email to
info@gogreensolar.com. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or
otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement. We do filter and
automatically scan messages before they are sent for viruses and other illegal
or prohibited content but do not permanently store email messages sent through
these tools. If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in
our Go Green Solar community, we do not permanently store that email or use that
email address for any marketing purpose. We do not rent or sell these email
addresses.
Account Protection
Your password is the key to your account. Use unique numbers, letters, and
special characters and do not disclose your Go Green Solar password to anyone.
If you do share your password or your personal information with others, remember
that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If
you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your
personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your
behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you
should immediately notify Go Green Solar and change your password.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
You can see, review and change most of your personal information by logging
into the Site. Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information
because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly
update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once you make a
public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request,
we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as
soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance
with applicable law. We do retain personal information from closed accounts in
order to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve
disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Go
Green Solar User Agreement, and take other actions otherwise permitted by
law.
Security
Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States. We
treat data as an asset that must be protected and may use various tools
(encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal
information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, as you probably
know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private
communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information
that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to
protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your
personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document
addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you
disclose your information to others, whether they are bidders, buyers, or
sellers on our Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may
apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. Since
Go Green Solar does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. We encourage you to ask
questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
General
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on
the Site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are
initially posted on the Site. In addition, we will notify you in accordance with
your notification preferences. If your questions are not answered online, you
may write to us at: Gigawatt, Inc. Attn: Global Privacy Practices, 101
Stagecoach Circle, West Covina, CA 91791, or using the Contact Us form.
Our Company
Contact Us
Why Choose Us?
New Home Builders
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Helpful Links
Size Your PV System
Solar Savings Calculator
Tax Credits & Rebates
Installation Guides
Solar Battery Systems
Special Contractor Pricing
Follow
» Our Blog: "The Solar Drop"
Subscribe for green energy tipsand subscriber-only discounts.
Find out how solar paysfor itself and saves youthousands of dollars
Questions? Call (866) 798-4435 or
send us a message
Licensed C10 #972791 · Orange County, California
1630 S. Sunkist Street Suite E · Anaheim, CA 92806
Copyright © 2006-2020
GigaWatt Inc,
DBA GoGreenSolar.com
HERE TO CHANGE THE WORLD WITH GREEN ENERGY!