https://www.betterlife.com/privacy
Welcome, Already A Customer?
(Log In)
BetterLife.com carries all the latest vitamins and natural
supplements.
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE: October 16, 2010
1. INTRODUCTION. BETTERLIFE.COM Inc. (“us,” “we,” or “Company”) is committed to
respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the
Company Website (“the Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)
to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment
to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy
is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able
to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use
practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(a) TRAFFIC DATA COLLECTED. We may automatically track and collect the following
categories of information when you visit our Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain
servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; and (4) types of web browsers
used to access the Site (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is anonymous
information that does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving your
experience on the Site. We also use “cookies” to customize content specific to your
interests and to facilitate the purchasing of products by our shopping cart, and
to ensure that you do not see the same product suggestions repeatedly. We do not
store any private data in "cookies".
(b) PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED. In order for you to place orders with us, we
require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you
(“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes the following categories
of information: (1) Contact Data (such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail
address); (2) Financial Data (such as your account or credit card number); and (3)
Demographic Data (such as your zip code). If you communicate with us by e-mail,
post messages to any of our chat groups, bulletin boards, or forums, or otherwise
complete online forms, surveys, or contest entries, any information provided in
such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
2.2. USES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
(a) COMPANY USE OF INFORMATION. We use Contact Data to send you information about
our company or our products or services, or promotional material from some of our
partners, or to contact you when necessary. We use your Financial Data to verify
your qualifications for certain products or services and to bill you for products
and services. We use your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience
on the Site, displaying content that we think you might be interested in and according
to your preferences.
(b) SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We share certain categories of information
we collect from you in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. We share Demographic
Data with advertisers and other third parties only on an aggregate (i.e., non-personally-identifiable)
basis. We share Contact Data with other companies who may want to send you information
about their products or services, unless you have specifically requested that we
not share Contact Data with such companies. We also share Contact Data and Financial
Data with our business partners who assist us by performing core services (such
as hosting, billing, fulfillment, or data storage and security) related to our operation
of the Site. Those business partners have all agreed to uphold the same standards
of security and confidentiality that we have promised to you in this Privacy Policy,
and they will only use your Contact Data and other Personal Information to carry
out their specific business obligations to Company. If you do not want us to share
your Contact Data with any third parties, please email us at info@betterlife.com
or select the “opt out” box on our online forms, but please understand that such
a request will likely limit your ability to take advantage of all of the features
and services we offer on the Site. In addition, we maintain a procedure for you
to review and request changes to your Personal Information; this procedure is described
in Section 3.1, below.
(c) USER CHOICE REGARDING COLLECTION, USE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
You may choose not to provide us with any Personal Information. In such an event,
you can still access and use much of the Site; however you will not be able to access
and use those portions of the Site that require your Personal Information. If you
do not wish to receive information and promotional material from us or from some
of our partners, you may select the appropriate “opt-out” option each time we ask
you for Personal Information.
3. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. Except as otherwise provided
in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your Personal Information private and will
not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply
with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or
(c) enforce our Terms of Service. Your Personal Information is stored on secure
servers that are not accessible by third parties. We provide you with the capability
to transmit you Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if you use
a similarly equipped web browser.
3.1. USER ABILITY TO ACCESS, UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION. We maintain
a procedure in order to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains
correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may visit your personal profile at http://www.betterlife.com/member.
Through your personal profile you may: (a) review and update your Personal Information
that we have already collected; (b) choose whether or not you wish us to send you
information about our company, or promotional material from some of our partners;
and/or (c) choose whether or not you wish for us to share your Personal Information
with third parties.
3.2. LOST OR STOLEN INFORMATION. You must promptly notify us if your credit card,
user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event,
we will remove that credit card number, user name, or password from your account
and update our records accordingly.
3.3. PUBLIC INFORMATION. The Site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also make chat rooms,
forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that
any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We
have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose
your Personal Information.
4. UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY. We reserve the right, at any time and
without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply
by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other
notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately
upon posting on the Site.
Home | Privacy Policy
| Terms & Conditions
| Contact Us | About
Us
Search | Categories
| Brands | 1-800-317-7150
©1996 to ©2020 BetterLife.com, Inc. All rights reserved!
Vitamin Selections available on BetterLife.com
Amino Acids | Vitamin A | Vitamin B | Vitamin C | Vitamin D | Vitamin E
©2019 BetterLife.com, Inc. All rights reserved, Designated trademarks and brands
are the property of their respective owners.
The products and the claims made about specific products on or through this site
have not been evaluated by BetterLife.com or the United States Food and Drug Administration
and are not approved to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent disease. The information
provided on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended as
a substitute for advice from your physician or other health care professional or
any information contained on or in any product label or packaging. You should not
use the information on this site for diagnosis or treatment of any health problems
or for prescription of any medication or other treatment. You should consult with
a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation
program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have
a health problem.
Definition of Price related terms:
The Terms "Suggested Retail Price" or "Retail Price" denote the Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price. The product may be sold by vendors at a different price.
The Terms "Savings" or "Your Savings" refer to the difference between the "Suggested Retail Price" and the price being offered by betterlife.com.
The Term "Below Retail" refers to the difference between the "Suggested Retail Price" and the price being offered by betterlife.com.
Prices and promotions are subject to change without notice.