https://www.garagedoorscreens.com/privacy-policy/
248-904-1874
garagescreens@gmail.com
Installation
How to Measure
FAQ
Photo Gallery
Video Gallery
Reviews
Contact
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.garagedoorscreens.com
FP Enterprise Privacy Statement
We at FP Enterprises take the issue of safeguarding your privacy online seriously. FP Enterprises has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the FP Enterprises network of sites (and emails).
How We Use Data
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Our site’s registration form requests users to give us contact and profile information (like your name, email address, zip code, sex, interests). Some of the requested information is required in order to receive the FP Enterprises service; other information is optional.
Ways we use data:
to send personalized, targeted information to the user in
their email messages or on our website; to send targeted advertising and promotions that allows us to
provide our service at no cost to the users; if the user so chooses, to send special deals and offers based
on their interests; to send confirmation of profile changes; to contact users for feedback and surveys; and to send users other news about Web-Links.us including regular
updates of new or enhanced services.
IP Addresses/Operating System/Browser Type
When you visit our web site or click on one of our links, we may automatically record your I.P. address, operating system, and browser version. We use this information to generate usage statistics and to ensure that our site and emails are accessible to the widest possible audience. We may also use I.P. addresses to track abuse of our system.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
Third-Party Links
This site (and our emails) contain links to other sites. FP Enterprises is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Disclosure of Data
We will never share your information with third parties without your permission unless we are required to do so by law, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of FP Enterprises, or to protect the safety or property of our members or the public. We request demographic information to tailor our subscribers’ FP Enterprises experience. With this information we can provide our users with content we think they might be interested in. None of this information is required to participate in FP Enterprises programs but we believe we will be able to provide users with a better service if demographic information is provided.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Sharing/Co-registrations
During the registration process, subscribers may be asked if they would like to have their registration information made available to companies that wish to offer products and services that our subscribers may be interested in. We will never share your information with third parties unless you grant us permission to do so.
Referral Program
As part of our tell-a-friend program, we may invite you to provide information (like the name and e-mail address) of your friends and family whom you think would like to receive our special offers. The users referred to us receive invitation e-mails, but do not become members until they confirm their interest in our service.
Links
When we provide you with links in our emails, they may include a special tracking code unique to you which allows us to determine which content and advertisements are most popular. We may share this data in aggregate form, but we will never share it in individual form.
Cookies
From time-to-time, we may use cookies to determine which third party offers our members utilize. We will never share this data in individual form.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our special offer mailings, go to
To unsubscribe from our content publications, go to
Notification of Changes
FP Enterprises reserves the right to modify this privacy policy. For this reason, you should regularly check our policy to ensure that you are up to date on our policy.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Customer Service
www.garagedoorscreens.com