https://www.pureintegrity.com/pi-candle-privacy-policy.html
FREE SHIPPING on all orders over $100 & $5 Flat rate shipping over $59 in contiguous US only1-877-273-0574
Our 5oz jar candles and 26oz jar candles will be discontinued and replaced with new products soon! Click here for more information
Home
Shop
Candle Collections
Jar Candles
26oz Jar Candles
16oz Jar Candles
10oz Jar Candles
5oz Jar Candles
Tealights
Melts
Candle Gifts
Candle Favors
View All
Learn More
Customer Testimonials
Top Selling Candles
Soot Free Candles
Fragrance Descriptions
Are All Soy Candles The Same?
Best Scented Candle
Soy Tealights
Baby Shower Candles
Candle Gift Sets
Candle Articles
About Us
Our Story
Customer Testimonials
Scented Candles Reviews
Candle Q and A
Candle Fundraisers
Wholesale Candles
Affiliate Program
Partner Links
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
All of the information provided is believed to be accurate and reliable; however, Pure Integrity Candles assumes no responsibility for any errors, appearing in rules or otherwise. Further, Pure Integrity Candles assumes no responsibility for the use of the information provided. PLEASE NOTE that users of this Web site are responsible for checking the accuracy, completeness, currency and/or suitability of all information themselves. Pure Integrity Candles makes no guarantees, or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, currency, or suitability of the information provided via this Web site. Pure Integrity Candles specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages that may result from providing the Web site or the information it contains, including any Web sites maintained by third parties and linked to the Pure Integrity Candles  Web site. Pure Integrity Candles makes no effort to independently verify, and does not exert editorial control over, information on pages outside of the www.pureintegrity.com domain and its sub-domains. It is the user's responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever is selected is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Your Security Online
Pure Integrity Candles is a secure online environment, which you can safely provide information, purchase products, and view information. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. If you ever have problems ordering or viewing any information on this site, please contact us.
How We Use Your Information
In order to improve the usefulness of our Web site for our visitors, we automatically collect and maintain statistical information from our site's data logs that concern network traffic flow and volume. This information consists of: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g., "a company.com"; "a school.edu"; or "an agency.gov"); the Internet Protocol Number; the date and time the Pure Integrity Candles Web site is visited; the pages and items that are downloaded; and type of browser software you use.
Pure Integrity Candles uses the information you provide to send your requests for our products and services, to respond to your inquiries and to send you information about products/services we think you would appreciate.
Sometimes we use your information to notify you when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to send you newsletters or promotional information you request or to contact you about your account.
When you provide information about others, we use that information to send them a gift or e-gift card. We will not use their information at any other time and their information will not be stored for future use.
Pure Integrity Candles promises that we will never sell your customer contact information. Your user information is only used as a profile to modify your needs and preferences for this site. You will only receive information if you request it. If you would like to update any information submitted to Pure Integrity Candles or opt out of any email lists, please contact us.To protect your privacy and security, you will be asked to log in with a password to verify your identity before you can access or make corrections.
Cookies
Pure Integrity Candles Web site uses "cookies," a file placed on a visitor's hard drive that allows the Web site to monitor the individual's use of the site. These cookies do not tell us your email address or any information you don't provide.
As you browse Pure Integrity.com and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your  online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you.   If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, please contact us.
Our Address
Pure Integrity Candles 4545 Transit Road Suite 954 Williamsville, New York, 14221
www.pureintegrity.com
20% off Cranberry Spice Soy Candles
& Misteltoe Soy Candles
FREE SHIPPINGon all orders over $100
$5 FLAT RATE SHIPPINGon orders over $59
Sign up to receive secret sales, contests & product updates
By submitting this form, you agree to Pure Integrity's Privacy Policy.
×Your Shopping Cart
Total:   Continue ShoppingView Shopping Bag