http://www.fredaldous.co.uk/pages/terms-and-privacy-policy
Search
Cart
(0)
Basket (0)
Register /
Log in
Search
Art Shop
Oil Paint
Pigment and Inks
Pens and Markers
Pencils and Pastels
Printmaking
Spray Paint
Portfolios and Storage
Sketch Pads
Brushes
Art Tools
Canvas and Easels
Acrylic Paint
Watercolour and Gouache
Paper and Card
Visit Art Shop
Craft Shop
Lampshade Making
Glass and Ceramic
Beads
Jewellery Making
Face Painting
Stickers and Stamping
Cane Seating and Basketry
Cards and Envelopes
Childrens Craft
Craft Essentials
Flower Craft
Paper Crafts
Visit Craft Shop
Model Shop
Candle Making
Casting Materials
Clay
Metal Work
Model Kits
Modelling Tools
Mould Making
Model Paint
Scratch Building
Wood Craft
Visit Model Shop
Gift Shop
Kits
Notebooks
Stationery
Party
Books
Accessories
Toys and Games
Wrapping
Photography
Homewares
Greetings Cards
Frames and Prints
Visit Gift Shop
Haberdashery
Knitting and Crochet
Fabric Painting and Dyes
Sewing
Ribbon and Cord
Fabric
Rug Making
Fasteners
Embroidery and Tapestry
Textile Craft
Soft Toy Making
Visit Haberdashery
icon-menu
More
Photography
Book Shop
Art Books
Craft Books
Gift Books
Haberdashery Books
Model Books
Photography Books
Visit Book Shop
Cut and Paste
Cutting Tools
Fixings
Glue
Knives
Scissors
Tape
Visit Cut and Paste
Brands
GIFT GUIDE
Sale
Art Sale
Craft Sale
Model Sale
Cut and Paste Sale
Haberdashery Sale
Gift Sale
Photography Sale
Book Sale
Visit Sale
Register /
Log in
icon-facebook
icon-twitter
icon-pinterest
icon-instagram
Fa STUDIOS
Laser |
Riso
Free UK returns
Free UK Standard Delivery over £40
OUR SHOPS
Manchester
|
Leeds
|
Sheffield
Privacy Policy
Current Version. Last Updated: 16-05-2018
We treat all your personal information with strict confidence (although in certain circumstances we share some of your information with 3rd parties which will be explained in detail). Your data is kept secure by us, on our server, and we comply with all current GDPR data protection legislation.
Who we are and how to contact us
Fred Aldous Ltd 37 Lever Street ManchesterM1 1LWsales@fredaldous.co.uk01612364224
Lawful Basis For Data Control & Processing
The personal data we collect, hold and process about you is based on the premise of both “legitimate Interest” and "contractual obligation". These are the lawful bases on which we collect and process your personal data.
Read More
Legitimate Interests means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business [to enable us to give you the best service/products and the best and most secure experience]. For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to your interests. It can also apply to processing that is in your interests as well. For example, we may process your information to protect you against fraud when transacting on our website, and to ensure our websites and systems are secure. When we process your personal information for our legitimate interests, we make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under data protection laws. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests - we will not use your Personal Data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). If you have any concerns about the processing, you have the right to object to processing that is based on our legitimate interests. Please contact us if you object to the processing of any of your data and we will remove your data from our systems. Please note that the removal of your data may reduce or remove our ability to offer some or all of our services to you which rely on us processing your data.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
What Personal Data Do We Collect
When you shop on this Website, you’ll need to input Personal Information such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information and a password.
We may also collect information about where you are on the internet (eg the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, and any search terms that you entered on our website. We may collect this information even if you do not register with us.
You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service.
When you create an account or place an order on this website you will be given the option to receive information from us by email, about products, promotions or special offers which we run periodically.
In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, ensure that you don’t tick any email marketing sign up checkboxes. We’ll never automatically sign you up to our marketing lists. You may unsubscribe from our marketing list at any time by following the unsubscribe link in any of our emails or by telephoning us on 01612364224 or via email: sales@fredaldous.co.uk
We will not release your Personal Information to any company outside of Fred Aldous Ltd for mailing or marketing purposes unless you have given your prior permission.
Be aware that if requested by the police or a government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so.
Our website contains links to third party websites operating their own terms and conditions and privacy policies. Fred Aldous Ltd is not responsible for the policies of any linked third party sites we advise that you check out the privacy conditions of any other websites you visit.
Cookies are used on the website and stored locally on your own browser. More info on cookies can be found here
What We Use Your Data For
Processing your orders.
For statistical or survey purposes.
Read More
Analytics Data. We use Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends. Google collects information sent by your device, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the service we offer. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other users so that it may not reasonably be used to identify any particular individual user.
To serve website content to you.
Read More
When logged in to our website we may use some of your data to personalise your experience. For example we may show products closely related to products you've purchased or viewed on past visits to our website.
Fraud prevention.
Read More
When you attempt to place an order on our website our website platform provider Shopify will screen your information and give the transaction a possible fraud rating allowing us to decide whether or not to fulfil the order based on the fraud rating supplied by Shopify.
Direct Marketing.
Read More
If you opt in to our mailing list we will use your personal data to send you offers and news. We may also use your purchase history to send personally specific emails to you.
Remarketing Ads.
Read More
We also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system. The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records up to date)
To process and deliver your order including:
Manage payments, fees and charges
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction
(d) Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Viewing, Changing Or Removing Your Data
You have the right to see, edit or delete any personal data we hold about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at Fred Aldous Ltd 37 Lever Street Manchester M1 1LW. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of up to £10 for any excessively large or repetitive requests.
3rd Parties
To allow successful and efficient running of our website we integrate with several third party apps and in some cases may share or allow access to your personal data. We have made the necessary checks to ensure all third parties comply with relevant data protection legislation.
We never allow access to your data to third parties for any marketing purposes or never allow them to contact you unless it’s the Royal Mail or DPD who may need to contact you when delivering goods that you have ordered from our website.
Examples of 3rd parties who we may share your data with:
Royal Mail
DPD
Shopify
Smile.io
Mail Chimp
Back In Stock
Cleverific
Softify OU
Google Analytics
Google Adwords
Click the names above to see relevant privacy info for the 3rd parties we associate with and may share some of your data with.
Fred Aldous Ltd may add and or remove third party integrations at any time to assist with the day to day running of the business and in the process of fulfilling any obligations we have with you as a customer or user of our website. If any updates or changes impact on your rights under GDPR legislation we'll inform you at the point the change is made.
Data Retention
Fred Aldous Ltd will retain your personal data for as long as you maintain an account or as needed to provide you the services we offer. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce any agreements relating to our services. If you sign up to our mailing list(s) we will retain your data until you unsubscribe or have a period of inactivity.
Your Right To Lodge A Complaint
You have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority and you can do so here: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ This applies if you feel that we have mishandled your data in anyway that was not outlined in this privacy statement. You can also complain directly to us at sales@fredaldous.co.uk
Policy with Respect to Children
Our website is not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we request that individuals under 16 not provide Personal Information to us. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information from a child under 16, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you are aware of a user under the age of 16 using our website or app, please contact us at sales@fredaldous.co.uk
General Terms and Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Fred Aldous relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please refrain from using our website.
The term ‘Fred Aldous’ or ‘Fred Aldous Ltd’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 37 Lever Street, Manchester M1 1LW.
Our company registration number is 419523. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use: Content displayed on this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without prior notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, personal information may be stored by us for use by us and only us. more about cookies
We will never ever give or sell any of your information to other companies or persons. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction or re-use is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your information/convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Our Shops
About Us
Blog
Press & Marketing
FA Studios
Photo Booth
Easel Hire
Gift Cards
Your Account
Mo Points
Students
FAQ
Contact Us
Postage & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Information
Our Shops
About Us
Blog
Press & Marketing
FA Studios
Photo Booth
Easel Hire
Gift Cards
Your Account
Mo Points
Students
FAQ
Contact Us
Postage & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Information
icon-facebook
icon-twitter
icon-pinterest
icon-instagram
MANCHESTER: 0161 236 4224
LEEDS: 0113 243 3531
SHEFFIELD: 0114 349 8142
SALES@FREDALDOUS.CO.UK
Receive news of our latest products and events!
Subscribe
You can subscribe any time and here's our privacy policy
© 2020 Fred Aldous, a company registered in England and Wales with a company number 419523. Vat: GB145 1939 60
Fred Aldous and Fred Aldous 1886 are trade marks and trade names of Fred Aldous Limited.