http://www.allvolleyball.com/all-volleyball-terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of All Volleyball, Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to All Volleyball, Inc. Copyright 1994, All Volleyball, Inc ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with All Volleyball, Inc. or purchasing All Volleyball, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with All Volleyball, Inc. or to purchase All Volleyball, Inc products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by All Volleyball, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of All Volleyball, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of All Volleyball, Inc.
Typographical Errors
In the event that an All Volleyball, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, All Volleyball, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. All Volleyball, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, All Volleyball, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by All Volleyball, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Missouri, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of All Volleyball, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in St. Louis, MO. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of All Volleyball, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. All Volleyball, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. All Volleyball, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. Prices are provided for blank goods only. Some items will be shipped directly from manufacturer and may be cancelled at anytime. All orders are subject to availability.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an All Volleyball, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
All Volleyball, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, All Volleyball, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, All Volleyball, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to All Volleyball, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless All Volleyball, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, All Volleyball, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with All Volleyball, Inc., All Volleyball, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of All Volleyball, Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, All Volleyball, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Privacy Policy
All Volleyball, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and absolutely will not give out or sell any information provided to us by our customers. However, by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions you do authorize All Volleyball, Inc. to send you promotional and informational emails periodically, which you can opt out of at any time. Any information that is collected is for internal review only and used to improve service, pricing, product, promotion and content of our web site. All customer information (name, email, address, etc.) is confidential. You can purchase from our web site without creating an account. If you do choose to create an account your contact information will be stored for ease of reordering. All information collected will be store and encrypted for additional security.
Cookies - Cookies are small data files that may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information about our site's visitors. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
DoubleClick Cookie - Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads for our site. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings page.
All Volleyball, Inc. uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise to you on third party sites after you have visited our site. We and our third party vendors, like Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our site. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your browser. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
We, All Volleyball, Inc. use a third party email service provider, Mailchimp, to send you our emails.
To allow us to send our emails through Mailchimp, we provide Mailchimp with certain information, including your email address, name, address, phone number and team name. Mailchimp treats information about you in accordance with the provisions of its Privacy Policy.
Mailchimp also utilizes certain technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, in the emails that are sent through Mailchimp.
These technologies allow Mailchimp to track whether you have opened or clicked on our emails and if so, the date, time, and IP address associated with the open and/or click.
For more information on Mailchimp's use of these technologies, you can read their Cookie Statement.
Price Range
Price Range:
$1-$25
$26-$50
Over $50
Offers, content & experiences. Interested?