http://www.sunflowerfabrics.com/terms-conditions/
Summary We hope to provide you with the best quality of service that we possibly can. We do our very best to process orders within 24 hours of receipt, and subsequently aim to ship for next day delivery. In the event stock is not available, you will usually be notified within a 24 hour period, at which point you can choose to either wait for until we have your items in stock, or accept a refund. If you are after specific items not found on our site, simply email or call us and we will advise if we can obtain the items you require.
You may contact us by phone – 07941523110, or by email – theshop@sunflowerfabrics.com.
Our phone lines are open from 9.30am to 5.00pm Monday to Friday.
Sunflower Fabrics Purchases Making a purchase could not be easier. You just need to browse our shop and add items to the shopping cart. Please read the description for indications of current stock availability and the colour ranges that we have available.
Please note that these provide a general guide only. In some instances we may hold more than the quantity listed and occasionally stock may not be available due to us selling through other channels. In this instance you will be notified by email or phone.
If you wish to check stock availability before ordering, simply call us on 07941523110, and we will be happy to confirm. After you have finished your selection, click on “Order” and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to satisfy the order.
Postage / ShippingWe aim to provide a fast and efficient service will all our deliveries.
Shipping in most cases is by Royal Mail first class post. Prices are displayed along with your order value. In some cases we may need to change the postage cost, to compensate for any discrepancies with Royal Mail prices. We accept payment by credit card, debit card and Paypal.
If you are ordering outside of the UK, please contact us before you order, to clarify payment options and postage. Shortly we will begin to use Sagepay secure payment systems, to verify payment card details across the internet. We accept Visa, MasterCard, Switch/UK Maestro, Delta, Visa Electron and Solo. You may send your credit card information by placing your order over the phone.
Orders supplied will be subject to laws and regulations governing the Control of Sale in Bedford, England at the time that the order is received and supplied.
Delivery ScheduleWe undertake to process your order within 24 hours on receipt of your order, placed in accordance with the above mentioned Terms & Conditions (UK Holidays, Saturdays & Sundays excluded). Orders paid by Private or Business Cheques are subject to an 9 day clearance delay.
In the event of the goods you order not being in stock, your order will be held pending your instructions, unless you confirm your requirements or such an event at the time ordering. In case of delay in delivery through the postal service, HM Customs and Excise, Industrial Action, Riot, War or Terrorism, claims as to loss, damage or delay will be reserved until completion of an enquiry.
Goods forwarded to the address supplied, which are not delivered or collected from the postal company, Customers & Excise office or Agent and returned to us by any or all of them, will be returned to us in London England by the most economic method. All costs incurred due to the return of any order forwarded in accordance with the above Terms and Conditions of Business, will be charged to the customer or reclaimed from the value of the goods returned. All charges, costs and expenses incurred after despatch is the total responsibility of the Purchaser.
If your item is not in stock, we will contact you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait. A refund will be issued if you cancel your order before items are despatched.
Privacy, Card & Order Security All card details and orders anre fully encrypted when your order is placed using industry standard https encryption. They are only decrypted upon reaching our systems. They are not held in clear text on any web site.
Our GuaranteeWe guarantee that the goods supplied will reflect the description provided in the current advertising copy. However, because of variation between textures, widths, weight and dye lots, we cannot guarantee the item supplied will be an identical match with the goods previously purchased, or sampled.
Where goods are required to match previous purchases, a cutting of the original material should be provided, and we will then advise as to the availability. Please note that shade variation also occurs between different fabrics of the same colour title and it is impossible to guarantee identical match. All orders of different fabrics in the same colour title are only accepted by ourselves subject to this possible variation.
Please note that samples can be obtained of the current stock prior to any order being placed, when the customer feels that this variation may cause a problem. All goods stocked are of high quality, but in circumstances when manufacturing faults or joins are required to complete the quantity ordered, an allowance of 12cm will be given on each occasion.
The Contract of sale is complete when your order is accepted by Sunflower Fabrics. Once an order has been cut to the instructions received, we cannot agree to any variation of the contract which reduces the quantity of goods so cut or processed. Therefore it is only in circumstances where goods have not been processed by Sunflower Fabrics, that we are willing and able to exchange goods wrongly ordered. In these circumstances exchange will be made subject to all charges incurred in the exchange, plus a handling charge compatible to the value of goods returned.
Although we supply high quality products, because of the nature of the articles supplied, the only warranty in respect to these goods that can be given or implied, cannot extend beyond the occasion of the first use. It is however, possible with specialised advice to prolong the life of these products, but no liability is accepted in respect of such advice, unless the request for the advice is given in writing. Consumer statutory rights are not effected.
Contact & PrivacyIf you need to contact us, please email us
– theshop@sunflowerfabrics.com –
or alternatively, you can call on
– 07513 330969 –
Privacy Policy: We do not disclose buyer’s information to third parties. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item.
Returns PolicyAll goods which have been cut or processed in any way by the purchaser, will have been accepted by the purchaser and therefore cannot be returned or exchanged. Similarly any complaint in respect of faults in the goods supplied, where the complaint has not been made within 28 days of purchase or forwarding, whichever is the later will be dealt with on the basis that the goods have been accepted by the purchase and therefore cannot be rejected by them. When goods do not comply with the description provided, or when no allowance given, the item effected, will, when accepted by the purchaser, be replaced by return of post, subject to availability, when the goods have been returned reasonable packed. Post Paid, within 28 days
Remittance Terms Payment is required in advance of delivery unless specific credit arrangement are agreed in writing. All payments are to be made payable to “Sunflower Fabrics” in the GBP Sterling. Prepay all cheques when using Bank Transfer Service.
Search
Search for:
Search
BasketProduct CategoriesFabric Packs
Kits
Liberty Fabric Packs
Liberty Tana Lawn
Patterns
Pre-Cuts
Remnants
Special Gifts
Sunflower Fabrics Sale
Tilda
Trinkets