http://www.ironbraid.com/motorcycle-accessories/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
IronBraid.com respects the privacy of our website visitors. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and store information about you that we obtain through your use of our website. By using this site, you acknowledge your acceptance of the practices described herein.
What We CollectWhen you place an order online or by phone, we collect certain personally identifiable information (PII), such as your name, email address, phone number, billing and shipping addresses, and payment details. This information is required to fulfill your order and is protected from unauthorized access. We share PII only on a "need to know" basis. Obviously, the shipping service needs to know your address in order to deliver the item(s) that you purchased. In another scenario, we may be compelled by law enforcement to reveal PII about any customers who are under investigation.While some of the information that we collect is voluntarily disclosed by you, other types of information are collected automatically, like your IP address, web browser type, time zone, and other data that help us learn how visitors are using our website. This practice is further described under Data Analytics, Remarketing, and Cookies.Data AnalyticsWe use a third-party service called Google Analytics to collect and analyze data that are meant to help us see how visitors interact with our site. For example, we can see where visitors are coming from, such as their country and whether or not they accessed our website from a link on another website. We can also determine what devices and web browsers people are using to view our site, which helps us tailor the site's design to the needs of our audience. More information about Google Analytics can be found here.RemarketingThis website uses Google Remarketing in conjunction with Google Analytics to advertise to our visitors after they leave our website. For example, if you come to our site and look at some products but don't make a purchase for whatever reason, then you might start seeing our advertisements on other websites that you visit after leaving ours. Our ads will be shown for a limited time on sites that participate in the Google Display Network.We use remarketing as another chance to earn your business by advertising a promo code or other special offer that's available only to a select group of website visitors, namely those who showed an interest in our products but left empty-handed, so to speak. We might also choose to show ads to people who have made a purchase. Not everyone wishes to participate in remarketing, and we respect that choice. If you'd like to opt out of Google Remarketing, you can manage your Ad Settings here.CookiesData analytics and remarketing are made possible by "cookies," which are small data files that are stored in your web browser when you visit websites that use cookies. Some cookies are relevant to the website's functionality, like keeping track of the items in your shopping cart, while others enable us to look at traffic patterns and user engagement. This helps us tune the performance of the website and identify any issues with regard to resource allocation. Here's a breakdown of the types of cookies that we use:Strictly Necessary CookiesThese types of cookies allow you to use certain features of our website that are required for navigation and completing transactions. Without them, it would not be possible for the site to keep track of which items are in your shopping cart. Cookies of this nature are "first-party" cookies because they originate from our website.Performance CookiesWe use performance cookies to gather information about how visitors interact with our website, such as what pages they visit and how often. This helps us identify technical glitches, as well as popular and not-so-popular content so that we know where we should be focusing our time and resources. All data from these cookies are aggregated anonymously and used for the purposes of helping us improve how the site works. None of our cookies, performance or otherwise, contain PII.Performance cookies can be first-party cookies, but they usually originate from third-party services like Google Analytics. You can set your web browser to reject third-party cookies or to notify you when a website is sending you a cookie so that you can accept or reject the cookie on a case-by-case basis. Consult your web browser's "Help" documentation for instructions on how to configure the cookie settings. Information about how to opt out of Google Analytics cookies in particular can be found here.Marketing CookiesAs explained above, we use remarketing to reconnect with people who have already visited our website. These third-party cookies are used not only to show interest-based advertising on other websites that you may visit, but also to control how often such advertisements are shown and to allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.Links to Other WebsitesFor your reference and convenience, we may provide links to other websites. However, we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of websites that we don't control.Children's PrivacyThis website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any personal information on such individuals. If we learn that we have information on a child under the age of 13, then we will remove said data from our systems.Information for Non-U.S. VisitorsVisitors to our website from countries other than the United States should be aware that information we collect on our website may be transferred to and stored on servers located in the U.S. By using this site, you acknowledge and consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of PII in the United States.Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us:IronBraidP.O. Box 300 East Nassau, NY 12062(518)-674-0100info@ironbraid.comLast Updated: June 2017
We're Here To Help!
Give us a call @ 518-674-0100
Popular LInks
Braided Levers for Harleys
Braided Levers for Imports
Braided Levers for Indians
Braided Levers for Victorys
Braided Leather Grips for Harleys
Get Back Whips
Braiding Options / Color Choices
Cruisemate
Iron Braid on the Road
Colors and Charts
Harley Lever X-Ref Chart
Honda Lever X-Ref Chart
Yamaha Lever X-Ref Chart
Suzuki Lever X-Ref Chart
Kawasaki Lever X-Ref Chart
Braiding Options / Color Choices
Glove Size Chart
info@ironbraid.com
P.O. Box 300 East Nassau, NY 12062
Stay Connected
Copyright
IronBraid - All Rights Reserved.
Home
/
Ordering
/
Contact Us
/
Privacy Policy