https://www.banjoteacher.com/banjoteachercom-banjo-price-policies-map-pricing
Home>BanjoTeacher.com Banjo Price Policies - Map Pricing
Banjoteacher Menu
»  Banjo Instruction
»  Banjo Book/CD/DVD Discounts
»  Banjos on Sale
»  Banjo Supplies
»  Online Lessons
»  Ross Nickerson Bio
»  Reviews
»  Banjo Workhops/Events
»  Free Resources
»  What's on Sale
»  Online Group Banjo Lessons
Information
About Us -BanjoTeacher
FAQ
Secure payment
Legal and Privacy Policy Page
Last Product Reviews
Goodtime Artisan Junior Banjo - Travel and Kid Size Banjo
Ross, just want to thank you for all of your help with the Deering Good Time Artisan Junior I ordere ...
(5 reviews)
Goldtone AC-1 Beginner Banjo
Thank you, Ross! The banjo sounds great and it looks like it’s built well. Very happy with the ...
(3 reviews)
GOLD Members Lesson Site -3 Year Subscription
Thanks for all you have done for me. I did navigate around and got into my free Gold Member account ...
(3 reviews)
Recording King RK-R36
Greetings, my RK36 has been delivered safe and sound to my address here in New Zealand, nine days to ...
(13 reviews)
GOLD Members Lesson Site -3 Year Subscription
Kathy - Thank you so much! I have downloaded the zip of the ebook and music and am looking it over n ...
(3 reviews)
Deering Banjo - Goodtime 1 - Free Beginner Package and Official Deering Case
Hi Ross, Just wanted to let you know I received everything on Wednesday. The Goodtime sounds and fee ...
(8 reviews)
Nechville - Zeus Heli-Mount Banjo
This is my first Nechville--what an excellent instrument! My first reaction was "this is easier to p ...
(1 review)
View All ReviewsMap Pricing and Dealer Advertised Prices"Map" Pricing is the lowest price banjo dealers are allowed to advertise. This is set by the manufacturer.  Map pricing is the reason you'll notice that most, if not all Banjo Dealers advertise the same price. Most often Map Price is 25% off the full retail price.Any Dealers that ADVERTISE below Manufacturer Map Pricing guidelines or offer Coupon Codes, that are not allowed by Manufacturers guidelines are being dishonest with the companies they sell for. If they are capable of breaking rules that all other dealers have to adhere to for their own gain, then how will they treat you as a customer. You will find our prices the lowest allowed to be advertised and come with many included items and services. If you do find a lower price but would prefer to buy from us, call us and give us the opportunity to match the price and earn your trust. You will get the same personable, caring down to earth and knowledgeable service BanjoTeacher.com has been known for since 2001. BanjoTeacher has been operated since 2001 by one person, Ross Nickerson and he cares about you, and he'll prove it. Read our Reviews You will find our prices the lowest allowed to be advertised and come with many included items and services. Call us 1-866-322-6567-----------------------------SOME OF THE FREE ITEMS INCLUDED WITH THE LOWEST PRICE MANUFACTURERS ALLOW US TO ADVERTISECheck the right column of each banjo page to see whats free for that banjo. Free Cases - Gig Bag or Hard Case
Free Banjo Set up Free US Shipping on all orders over 199.00 All Bluegrass Banjos come with Ross Nickerson's Fundamentals of 5-String Banjo Book, DVD, CDs Free Silver Member Site Access $30 Intl. AK, HI Shipping Credit LOWEST PRICE GUARANTEE Our Beginner Package FREE or at a large Discount See the Difference in Our Beginner Package Non Bluegrass Banjos such as Clawhammer Style Banjos, 4-string Banjos and other Specialty Banjos are substituted other free items in place of instruction Books or DVDs.Call Toll Free - 1-866-322-6567 Email us
Recently Viewed
No productsQR code
Shopping cart
No products
To be determined
Shipping
$0.00 Total
Close
Check out Menu
More products »
Open and Shipping Instruction   Beginner Banjo Players Song Books Banjo Tabs Banjo Technique
DVD DOWNLOADS STREAMING LESSONS E-Books You Download Banjo Lesson DVDs Discounts and Free Shipping Intermediate Banjo Lessons Backup Band Play Along Advanced Banjo Banjo CDs MP3s JD Crowe Tab Books Banjo Songs Made Easy Old Time, Frailing, Clawhammer Other Banjo Instructors Tenor and Plectrum Irish Tenor Books and DVDs Learn Beginner Banjo Chords
Guitar Books/CDs/DVDs Dobro Instruction Mandolin Books/DVDs Supplies   Banjo Bridge Banjo Straps Banjo Picks Banjo Parts Banjo Tuner Banjo Capo Metronomes Banjo Pegs Banjo Mutes Banjo Stands Replace Strings Banjo Armrest Banjo Tailpieces Banjo Cases Heads and Tools Banjo Pickups
Banjo Set Up Slow it Down Software Tone Rings Tone Enhancer Music Stands Zero Glide Nut System Banjos   Beginner Banjo Kits Bluegrass Banjos - All Deering Goodtime Open Back Banjos Alternative Banjos Ross Recommends Travel Banjos Electric Banjos 4-string Banjos Banjo Ukes, Banjolele 6-String Banjos Shop By Brand Rickard Resophonic 5-String Guitar Banjo Banjo Sales FAQ Resophonic Banjos Kits - Build a Banjo Mandolins Dobros Used Banjos, Vintage Learn Online Lesson Site Cruise   Banjo Cruise Information Homepage Ross Nickerson Banjo Workshops Banjo Safari Playing By Ear Banjo Workshops with Ross Nickerson St Pete Beach Banjo Camp - Annual Ross Nickerson Banjo Workshop Nova Scotia Banjo CampThe Banjo CruiseThe Banjo CruiseThe Banjo Cruise Workshop is held in a large private conference room that is essentially sound proof and separate from all other passengers. The workshop takes place during the days we are at sea so you can visit all ports and still have plenty of time for fun with your spouse, family or friends while on the cruise. The class sizes are small ensuring that each student receives the assistance and encouragement they need.ST Pete Banjo CampST Pete Beach Banjo Camp Annual Banjo Workshop weekend in Sunny St Pete Beach Florida! The Academy of Performance Arts with Ross NickersonBanjo camp seminar and group banjo lesson workshop in the USA for bluegrass 5-string banjo in Florida at sunny St Pete Beach. This is an annual Florida banjo event and held during the winter months for locals,winter residents and students who want to escape the cold while improving their banjo playing, and having fun doing it.The Banjo SafariThe Banjo Safari Join me for an unforgettable once-in-a-lifetime experience traveling to Africa for an African Photo Safari. I am to be teaming up with our professional Safari guides Kevin and Tricia Dooley on an adventure that none of us will forget. We'll spend our mornings and late afternoons exploring the wildlife of South Africa, and the mid day will be filled with a banjo workshop that should be fun and rewarding. Resources  Banjo BlogBanjoTeacher.com has been at the forefront of banjo instruction since 2001. In the last 15 years we have helped thousands of people learn to play the banjo online. Our experienced advice and service comes from someone who really cares about your progress.Banjo Demo VideosBanjo Demo Videos for Goldtone Banjos, Recording King, Goldstar, Nechville, Deering. Savannah and Morgan Monroe. See the banjos closeup and hear different models so you can compare better.  Most videos include descriptions too. We are adding new videos all the time.Banjo ReviewsBanjo Reviews for Goldtone Banjos, Recording King Banjos, Morgan Monroe, Electric banjos, six string banjos, bluegrass banjos, clawhammer banjos, travel banjos banjo ukes, 4-string banjos and the many banjos we service and carry. Read reviews from banjo sales in the US, Europe, Canada and Australia.Ask RossQuestions and answers to student questions and emails. While reading these you should be able to see many questions you have had as well. The answers should be helpful and the questions you read will remind you that you are not alone out there! Email Ross
with a question. Contact-usReviewsTestimonials, reviews and comments from customers. Read reviews about our Banjo Books, DVDs, Banjo CDs, Banjo Lessons Online The Banjo Encyclopedia, Banjo Camps and Workshops Banjos on Sale , Banjo Accessories Customer Service and Customer Satisfaction. Free Banjo VideosFree Banjo Videos and Banjo Lessons from Banjo Master and Teacher, Ross Nickerson. Performance videos including El Cumbanchero, I'll Fly Away, Cherokee Shuffle, Cluck Old Hen, Little Martha and Ross Nickerson with X-Train.Banjo Instructor List The BanjoTeacher.com Banjo Teachers Directory is for both students and teachers. Students please use this free service to find a banjo teacher near you, banjo teachers please help me build the list! BanjoTeachers submit your name to our Banjo Teacher ListMore Resources Click over to our banjo resources pages and see sample videos, video performances, more articles, hear MP3', banjo tablatures and our banjo teacher list for the US, Canada, UK, Europe and Australia. We want you to keep improving and your appreciation and support means a lot to us.
Welcome
Login
Left Top
Viewed 0
QR code
Cart 0