https://www.cigarking.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The proceeding privacy policy is intended to inform you how we gather information from our visitors, how we are using it, and what we are doing to protect it.
We do not sell or share the information we collect with any others that is not outlined in this Policy.
By using our website, you are accepting the terms of this policy.
California
“Do Not Track” is an option in your browser that you can set to let websites know that you do not want your data to be stored.  If you do not want your data stored please contact us so we can get you opted out.
We do not support the “Do Not Track” feature.
What Data We Collect
We collect and save information that users submit to our website or give us in other ways.  Providing information to us is optional but it may affect your user experience.
To process your order properly we do require that you provide, we require that you provide us with your billing, shipping and contact information.  The transfer of this information is secure and encrypted so it cannot be read by others.  Some billing information is only shared with our payment processor to complete the transaction.
Why We Collect Data
We gather information about our visitors to provide a better user experience for our visitors.  By collecting this information, we are able to provide better product recommendations, a faster checkout process, and more.
How We Collect Data
When you place an order or create an account at our website you are prompted to enter information such as your name and email address.  After that information is submitted, we take record of that in our secure database.
We also use data such as Cookies to extract important business data such as how you found our website, which pages you visited while on our website, and other data points.
Use of Collected Data
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics and other services to track various website activities.  It is important for us to know how our website is found by users and what interests them so we can provide the best possible experience for them.  Google may use information collected from your time visited on our website to help them personalize ads for you in the future.  To opt out of this please research the Google Analytics Opt-Out extension.
Third Parties
We employ third parties to perform services such as payment processing and authorization, order fulfillment and shipping, and marketing.
Emails
Your email address is used to send order confirmations and other order updates.  If you are a subscriber on our mailing list, you may also be sent promotional material.  You can opt out of receiving our emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Change Your Information
Please contact us at any time to have your information updated or removed from our systems.  You can also update some of your information by logging in to your account.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other third-party websites.  We are not responsible for the content served or privacy practices on these websites.
Security
We employ several techniques that are meant to keep the information we collect online as secure as possible.  When information is transmitted to us, we have ensured that it is encrypted via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL).  We do not store credit card numbers in our systems.
×
OK
Newsletter Promo
Enter your e-mail to receive email specials!