http://www.veldkamps.com/privacyPolicy.cfm
Sign-In or Register
E-Mail Address
Password
SIGN-IN
REGISTER
Cancel     Forgot Your Password?
OR
Get These Great Member Benefits
Express CheckoutWe know your time is valuable, and now you can save more of it! As a registered member, all your information is stored for you so you can click through checkout with ease!
Promotions & OffersYou will have the option to receive information about our special offers and promotions. Our emails and catalogs will keep you updated on great deals for what's new and what's hot!
Receive 25 Free Reward PointReceive 25 reward point™ FREE just for registering! Every purchase earns you rewards and every items is worth different amount of reward point. So, remember, the more you shop, the more you earn.
Register
Note: You must be 18 years or older to register as a member of Veldkamp's Flowers
Honorific
- Select -
Mr.
Mrs.
Ms.
Miss
First Name
Last Name
Company
Address 1
Address 2
City
State/Province
Zip/Postal Code
Country
Home Phone
Work Phone
Password
Confirm Password
E-Mail Address
How did you hear about us?
- Select -
Search Engine
Postcard Offer
Saw Your Sign
Received Flowers From You
Newspaper Ad or Offer
Catalog or Direct Mail
Saw Your Van
Current Customer
Send me E-Mail updates
REGISTER
CANCEL
Sign In or Register to start saving
Veldkamp's Flowers
Voted Best Florist In Denver For 2018 & 2019 By Colorado Business (ColBiz) Magazine (800) 247-3730 | (303) 232-2673
|
Read Our Blog!
Christmas
Occasions
Christmas
Christmas, Flowers, Poinsettias, Holiday Greenery, Christmas Wreaths, Christmas Trees
Birthday Flowers
Birthday Ideas, Fresh Cut Flowers, Plants, Gift Baskets, Fruit Baskets, Teddy Bears, Balloons
Anniversary Flowers
Ecuadorian Red Roses, Exotic Cymbidium Orchids, Holland Tulips, Tropical Flowers
Congratulations
Graduation Gifts, Flowers, Green Plants, Flowering Plants, Succulents, Gift Baskets
Get Well Ideas
Fabulous Sunflowers, Flowering Baskets, Get Well Plants, Jelly Cats Stuffed Animals, Green Plants
New Baby Flowers
Blue Themed Flowers, Pink Themed Flowers,
Wagons Filled With Flowers, Teddy Bears, Jelly Cat Stuffed Animals,
Sympathy
Funeral Flowers, Wreaths, Hearts, Crosses, Fireside Baskets, Standing Sprays, Green Plants
Flowers
Veldkamp's Exclusive Designs
Custom Floral Design, Denver Custom Flowers, Unique Floral Arrangements, Metropolitan Designs
Rose Arrangements
Long Stem Roses, Red Roses, Yellow Roses, Lavendar Roses, White Roses, Pink Roses
Luxury Bouquets
Beauty and Elegance Beyond Words
Best Sellers
Ecuadorian Roses, Cymbidium Orchids, Holland Tulips, Gerbera Daisies
Floral Arrangements
Browse our selection of fresh flowers.
Exotic and Tropical
Browse our selection of exotic and tropical flowers
Corsages & Boutonnieres
Brownse our selection of corsages and boutonnieres.
Centerpieces
Table decorations for any occassion.
Local Delivery
Aurora Flowers
Aurora Flower Delivery, Roses, Tulips, Gerbera Daisies, Sunflowers, Tulips & More!
Boulder Flowers
Boulder Flower Delivery, Lilies, Dahlias, Daisies, Orchids, Hydrangea, Alstroemeria
Denver Flowers
Denver Flower Delivery, Roses, Tulips, Gerbera Daisies, Sunflowers, Tulips & More!
Lakewood Flowers
Lakewood Flower Delivery, Lilies, Dahlias, Daisies, Orchids, Hydrangea
Wheat Ridge Flowers
Wheat Ridge Flower Delivery, Asiatic Lily, Anthurium, Amaryllis, Calla Lilies
Arvada Flowers
Arvada Flower Delivery, Long Stem Roses, Spray Roses, Mini Roses, Red Roses, Yellow Roses, Pink Roses
Brighton Flowers
Brighton Flower Delivery, Bubble Bowl Vases, Cube Vases, Cylinder Vases, Uniquely Styled Ceramin Vases
Centennial Flowers
Centennial Flower Delivery, Gift Baskets, Green Plants, Flowering Plants, Fruit Baskets, Gifts
More Categories »
Plants
Dish Gardens
Browse our selection of Dish Gardens.
Flowering Plants
Browse our selection of Flowering Plants.
Green Plants
Browse our selection of lush Green Plants.
Orchid Plants
Browse our selection of Orchids, Bamboo and more.
Succulent Gardens
Browse our selection of Succulent Gardens.
Weddings
Gifts
Jellycat London
Send a charming Jellycat London plush gift!
Gourmet Chocolates
Browse our selection of decadent chocolates!
Fruit Baskets
Send a basket filled with the freshest fruit.
Gift Baskets
Can't decide on flowers, send a gourmet basket!
Gourmet Baskets
Send a basket filled with delictable gourmet items.
Snack Food Baskets
Send a basket filled with a fun selection of junk food.
About Us
Blog
Company
Contact Us
COVID 19 UPDATE
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Delivery Policy
Substitution, Cancellation, Return & Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions For Use Of Our Website
News & Media
Tell Us How We're Doing
Refer a Friend and Save!
Frequently Asked Questions
Flower & Plant Care
Lucky Stems
Win a Dozen Roses
Reminder Service
Colorado Flower Delivery - Mobile Page
Denver Flower Delivery
Price
Under $50
$50 - $75
$75 - $100
$100+
Support / Login
Customer Service
Hours & Locations
Contact Us
Your Account
Order Tracking
Login
Customer Service
Customer Service
Policies & Procedures
Request Password
Privacy Policy
Email Removal
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, open a support ticket, provide us with feedback on our products or services, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, it will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly such as login, ordering, and site customization.
However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We don't honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. We don't honor them because cookies are required to maintain the user’s session for login and ordering.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
(303) 232-2673
Veldkamp's Lakewood Flowers & Gifts
9501 W. Colfax Ave.
Lakewood, CO 80215
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/
Occasions
Christmas Flowers & GiftsBirthday Flowers & GiftsAnniversary FlowersSympathy / Funeral FlowersGet Well Flowers & GiftsVeldkamp's Wedding FlowersNew Baby Flowers & GiftsCorporate Gift Ideas
Flowers & Gifts
Christmas FlowersChristmas CenterpiecesChristmas PoinsettiasChristmas WreathsVeldkamp's Exclusive DesignsGorgeous Ecuadorian RosesBest Selling Flower ArrangementsCorsages & BoutonnieresExotics & Tropical FlowersBeautiful Flowering PlantsSucculent Gardens & PlantsLive Green Plants
Local Delivery
Arvada Flower DeliveryAurora Flower DeliveryBoulder Flower DeliveryCastle Rock Flower DeliveryColorado Springs Flower DeliveryDenver Flower DeliveryLakewood Flower DeliveryLittleton Flower DeliveryParker Flower DeliveryWheat Ridge Flower DeliveryGreenwood Flower DeliveryCentennial Flower DeliveryColorado Flower Delivery
Earn Reward Points with Every PurchaseRewards Points can be redeemed for future purchases.
Register to Win a Dozen RosesEnter our contest to win a dozen roses
Send a Free eCard!Surprise Someone With a Free eCard
Lucky StemsTest your luck with our Lucky Stems program.
©2020 Veldkamp's Flowers & Gifts. All rights reserved.
Floral eCommerce by GravityFree
View Our Mobile Site
Company
Weddings
Custom Designs
Refer a Friend
Employment eCards
Flower/Plant Info
Helping Hands Affiliate Program
Privacy Policy
Petal Rewards ™
Reminders
Hours & Locations
Contact Us
Veldkamp's Flowers
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/images/siteSettingWide/LogoforWebsite-15051421517.png
9501 W. Colfax Ave.
Lakewood, CO 80215
(800) 247-3730 (303) 232-2673
Locations:
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/
Veldkamp's Lakewood Flowers & Gifts:
9501 W. Colfax Ave.
Lakewood, CO 80215
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/images/siteSettingWide/LogoforWebsite-15051421517.png
(303) 232-2673
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/
Veldkamp's Denver Flowers & Gifts [fulfillment]:
717 17th Street
Denver, CO 80202
https://www.veldkampsflowers.com/images/siteSettingWide/LogoforWebsite-15051421517.png
(303) 232-2673
Sign Up & Save!
Enter a valid email address to receive exclusive offers and get Double Points on your next online purchase!
Submit
Thank You!
Now you'll be the first to know about our special offers and promotions. We've sent your coupon to the email provided as a thank you!
You may also receive updates from us using any of the social networks or websites below.
Google+