http://www.woodenwinebox.co.uk/privacy-policy
Order by phone: 01892 782 823
My Account
Orders
Compare list
Wish list
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign in | Register
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Remember me
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Christmas 2020
Single Bottles
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Menu
Christmas 2020
Single Bottles
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Categories
Christmas 2020
Red Wine Gifts
White Wine Gifts
Rosé Wine Gifts
Champagne & Sparkling
Fine & Old
Port & Spirits
Single Bottles
Two Bottles
Three Bottles
Mixed Cases
Occasions
Home Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Buy with confidence from a secure online shopping site and a reputable retailer! “Virtual"
customers have exactly the same rights as "real" ones! We recognise the
paramount importance of security for the credit and debit card details
and other information you communicate with us over the internet. Data
transmissions involving sensitive information including credit card
details are sent under 128-bit encryption that utilises digital
certificates to provide powerful security
We are extremely protective of our valued customers, especially when
it comes to processing transactions and holding personal information and
have no intention of being any less vigilant when it comes to selling
drinks on the Web. We treat you in the same way we would like to be
treated as consumers ourselves and are committed to protecting privacy
during all stages of your shopping experience at Wooden Wine Box
Company. While we do obtain identifying personal information from
customers, such as names, email addresses and delivery addresses, this
information is only collected for the purpose of fulfilling our orders.
We collect information about you in order to:-
- Process online orders
- Reply to submissions made via our "Contact Us" page
- Process our newsletter subscriptions (the option to unsubscribe remains at all times)
- Aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related site information
TECHNICAL DETAILS
Information concerning card and personal details is protected using
secure, password-protected servers and is buried behind firewalls. We
use secure socket layers and the finest encryption systems available [specify and also include pictures]
to ensure your credit card details are completely secure when you use
the website. The credit card area of our web site is SSL with an
up-to-date 128 bit certificate, ensuring secure transmission from your
web browser to our website
All credit card details are processed via Nat West Streamline which
uses Secure Socket Layers (SSL) to encrypt any data transferred between
our server and theirs. The encryption process takes the characters you
enter and converts them into encrypted characters that are then securely
transmitted over the Internet. Once you reach the order process, you
will notice a padlock appear at the bottom of your browser window. Also,
the address at the top will change to begin with https://www instead of http://www indicating that you are entering a secure site:-
COOKIES
The information we collect about you includes your name, address,
phone number, email address and credit/debit card details. This
information is necessary for us to process your order and provide you
with the best possible service. “ Cookies” are small pieces of data that
are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser
from our Web Server. They keep track of the contents of your case and
store your user name and password. Our site uses "cookies" to store
information about your use on our website. We store this information for
your convenience and to save time on any future visits. If you do not
wish our site to store information in this way, please set your browser
software to reject "cookies" (see instructions below)
Internet Explorer users should go to the "Tools | internet Options" menu and select the tab
"Privacy", where users can set the browser to reject the use of "cookies".
Netscape users should go to the "Edit | Preferences" menu and select the category "Privacy & Security | Cookies" and disable cookies
You can obtain information about how to manage cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org
MAILING LIST
We will not send emails to you unless you have given us your consent
by registering with us on the Mailing List page of our website. You can
subscribe/unsubscribe easily to our newsletter and receive updates on
offers and promotions. Please advise us if you would like us to remove
your name from the system upon request
THIRD PARTIES
Wooden Wine Box Company uses reasonable precautions to keep the
information disclosed to us secure. We will only use the information
that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data
Protection Act 1998) and according to the Which? Web Trader Code of Practice. The personal information we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law and the Which? Web Trader Code. You can contact us to check the information we hold about you and we will amend it accordingly if inaccuracies are found
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about privacy or information we hold about transactions, please feel free to email us info@woodenwinebox.co.uk
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy without
prior notice. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy
Policy Statement which was in effect at the time at which the
information was collected
My account
Sign in
Create account
The Wooden Wine Box
About us
Contact us
Corporate & Business Clients
The Secret Cellar
Cookies
Customer Service
Customer FAQs
Delivery Charges
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected
Enter your email address to receive special offers and promotions.
Email
© 2009-2015 The Wooden Wine Box Company.
Created @ Larrytech