http://www.bluearan.co.uk/index.php?help=YES&help_page=91
Skip to main
COOKIES: Our website uses cookies in order to provide a better online experience, this is essential for use of the shopping basket, and to login to our website. We require
your consent to use cookies in order to meet EU regulations. Please
CLICK HERE
to indicate your consent and continue using our website.
We do not use third party tracking cookies on our website, cookies are used for this site's functionality only.
SEARCH:
Brands
Categories
Components
Home
Help & Info
xxxx
Contact / About
Contact
My Account
My Account
Basket
Help
Brexit - UK leaving the EU
Coronavirus
Delivery Info
Delivery Prices
Delivery Time
Collection
Stock Info
Warranty
Buying from Outside UK
Can I Try Goods?
Who are we?Terms/Conditions
Privacy/Data Policy
Help and FAQs
>
Coronavirus
Coronavirus / COVID 19 status update
The current situation regarding Coronavirus / COVID-19 is developing rapidly, with updates and changes occuring on a daily basis. We are continuously monitoring the situation, and taking appropriate action as required to ensure the safety and wellbeing of our staff and customers.
Sales counter - Due to limited space to implement recommended Social Distancing measures, our trade counter remains closed at present. Order can be placed through our webshop for collection from our trade counter, but they must be placed online in advance, and must be paid for using either a Debit or Credit card through the online shop. We are not able to accept Cash payment, or PayPal payments for collection orders. Once you have placed your order online, please let us know what time you intend to collect. The goods will then be made available for collection outside of our trade counter in a contactless manner.
Our online retail service and webshop will continue to operate as normal - Current guidelines do not prohibit online sales, and the general public is being actively encouraged to use delivery services for any goods they need, rather than trying to make purchases in stores. We will of course be taking all appropriate measures to ensure staff, and couriers remain safe at all times.
Stock. We have massive stocks of the most popular products, in many cases sufficient stocks to last 3-4 months. If you order items in stock, they will be packed and delivered promptly. Items which are out of stock can be ordered from the maunfacturer in many cases, but lead times may be longer than usual, and we may not be able to provide an accurate lead time. Please contact us via email before making an order if out of stock items are required in a certain time frame.
Non-stock items.
Most of our suppliers are now open again, however, they may be running on lower capacity or have a large backlog of orders due to the recent closures. At this time we are not able to easily provide lead times on non-stock items. If you wish to order items not in stock, we suggest you request a quote, or email us to discuss your order so that we can provide additional information.
Enquiries. We are currently operating with minimal, essential staff at our premises, with staff re-allocated into different job roles to maintain efficiency. We do not have any staff with nothing to do waiting for the phone to ring, they are all busy packing orders, dealing with enquiries, and other essential tasks. This means that often we are not able to answer telephone calls. Where possible, please email us rather than phoning.
Emailing us will usually get a faster respone - as your email will be routed to the correct member of staff who can deal with your enquiry most efficiently. The BEST way to get an update for your order, is to reply to your order confirmation with your query, as this will already have all the relevant details available to us.
Delivery. Next day courier deliveries are operating at around 95% success rate - in order to maintain social distancing, when you open the door to receive your parcel, please step back and allow the courier to leave the parcel in your doorway. They will take a photo of the parcel in your open doorway as proof of delivery instead of asking you to sign. The photo will be of the parcel and doorway only. For privacy reasons they will not take photos of you, but its possible your shoes/feet may be in the picture. The images will be stored purely as proof of delivery, and will be deleted once they are no longer required. The photo will be used in conjunction with an accurate GPS location which will show the driver is at your location when the photo is taken. If you are not happy for this to happen, you should not place orders at this time and you should refuse the parcel when delivery is attempted. Please follow the delivery drivers instructions to ensure everybody's safety.
Postal Delivery. Royal Mail are now clearing much of the back-log they had experienced, but there may still be delays and we are typically seeing 2nd Class Post taking longer than usual with delivery times between 3-10 working days. Please be patient if you are ordering items by post. For urgent items we recommend next day courier service.
European customers: Some localised lockdown measures may still be in place, or be implemented in the future. If you are within one of these areas this may prevent couriers from delivering. Please check couriers are allowed in your city/town/village before placing your order.
Finance In the current uncertain situation, Deko finance deals are unavailable. Please make payment by bank transfer, or by card to avoid delays with your order.
Dont bin it! Recycle it!Recycling your old electricals is easy! Click for more info
© 2020 Blue Aran Limited - Registered in England No 3089267 -
All Rights Reserved.
E&OE. We aim to keep stock indicators, images and descriptions up to date, but can not guarantee 100% accuracy. In case of query please contact us to confirm product specification and availability. Just Add Music and Tuff Cab are registered trademarks owned by Blue Aran Limited.