https://www.joffreys.com/privacy-policy/
Wholesale Solutions
Joffrey's at Disney
FREE SHIPPING FOR ORDERS $50 OR MORE
Sign UpLog In
0
Privacy Policy
We have prepared this Privacy Notice to explain how, why, and when we collect data from you on our website.
We may collect the following categories of information on our website and use them for the purposes explained below.
Website activity: Data about your browsing activity on our website
Device and browser information: Technical information about the device or browser you use to access our website. For example, your device’s IP address, and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Contact Information: If you choose to provide your name, email address or phone number, shipping/billing address and order information is used to fulfill, confirm and provide shipping information on your order or send newsletters on product news, offers and updates.
Account Information: If you create an account, we will collect your username and a password and other shipping and billing information to process your order and provide history of prior purchases.
Financial Information: Credit card number or other payment account information is submitted directly to our payments processor via our secure processing server and not stored at Joffrey’s.
Customer Service Information: Information you may provide to customer service including survey responses
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so you may unsubscribe from our newsletters by clicking the link at the bottom of any newsletter, or by emailing Joffreysfans@joffreys.com with the subject line “Unsubscribe”. Please note, if you place an order from Joffreys.com you will receive an email order confirmation and email shipment notification.
Cookies and related technologies
The Joffrey’s website platform uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to enable customer recommendations and tracking. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. They enable us to identify your device when you move between different websites and applications, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
Data Sharing
Joffrey’s respects your privacy and does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Security
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction and loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Changes to this Privacy Notice will be posted on this page. If we make a material change to our privacy practices, we will provide notice on the site or by other means as appropriate.
Contact us about questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices, or with Joffrey’s generally, you can contact Joffreysfans@joffreys.com, call us at 800-458-5282 or write to us at the following address:
Joffrey’s Coffee & Tea Co.
3803 Corporex Park Dr.
Suite 400
Tampa, FL 33619
Open Modal
Get 25% Off Your Next Order
Sign up for V.I.B. newsletter
SIGN-UP FOR NEWS & SPECIAL OFFERS