https://www.macupgrades.co.uk/store/conditions.php
01223 833 412
Cart: Empty
About Us
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
MacUpgrades Blog
How To Order
MacUpgrades & You
Sell My Mac
Positive Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Newsletter Sign Up
Cambridge Mac Repair
Our Location
Contact Us
FAQs & Guides
FAQs & Guides
Help Me Find My Mac
Diagnose a Mac Fault
Common Mac Faults & Repairs
New Drive Setup & Time Machine (2011 & Later Macs)
New Drive Setup & Time Machine (2010 & Earlier Macs)
Drive Cloning Guide
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Battery Replacements
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Keyboard Replacements
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Trackpad Replacements
SATA Optical Drive in 2006-8 Mac Pro
Product Categories
Product Categories
RAMOptical DrivesInternal Hard Drives and SSDsExternal Hard DrivesGraphics and DisplaysExpansion CardsKeyboards & MicePower Supplies & BatteriesCables & ToolsNetworkingClearance Items and PartsRepair ServicesRefurbished Macs
Repairs & Installs
Repairs & Installs
Installation & Repair Services
MacUpgrades.co.uk offers a wide range of fixed price upgrades and repairs for your Apple computers. You can drop in to our offices in Sawston, Cambridge or if you are not local you can either have us collect or send in your computer yourself. Sameday fitting is available for most items, contact us for details. We also offer on site installation services and training on your premises.
More info on our repairs and installation services.
At Our location
MacUpgrades
Second Chance PC Limited
Unit 5, South Cambridgeshire Business Park
Babraham Road
Sawston
Cambridge
CB22 3JH
View MacUpgrades / Second Chance PC Ltd in Google Maps
At Your location
Macupgrades offers a wide range of on-site services for your Apple equipment. We offer all of our upgrade services, and most of our repair services too.
All our engineers have at least 15 years of experience with Apple hardware and software
Fixed price on-site upgrades and repairs
Full liability insurance
Full details of on-site services
Logic Board Repair
Data Recovery
Shipping
Shipping
Delivery Options
Royal Mail
Royal Mail 1st Class Recorded
UK addresses for £2.37 + Vat
Normally 1 - 3 working days
Proof of delivery with signature
DPD Local Couriers
Guaranteed 1 - 2 working day delivery, with 1hr predict for £5 + Vat
Collection Service with 1hr predict £24.68 + Vat
Follow your delivery online with driver tracking
Change delivery preferences via text or email
My AccountMy Account
Log In
My Account
My Macs
Order History
Address Book
Newsletter
Create Account
Choose Upgrades by Serial Number
Choose Upgrades by Serial Number
Serial Number Search
Enter your serial number into the box below for specific upgrades for your machine. Each upgrade has been tested in the machine we list it for. Compatability is 100% guaranteed or your money back.
Serial Number:
How to find your serial number in software
You can find your Mac's serial number in Apple System Profiler: Select the Apple Menu > About This Mac, then (depending on the version of OSX you are running) click the System Report button or the More Info button. This brings up System Profiler, and on the Hardware Overview that is displayed by default you should see your serial number, and be able to copy/paste it. The procedure does vary slightly between different versions of OSX.
If you can't boot your Mac
If your Mac is not working, the serial number is printed
on the computer casing but the location varies. Here are the main locations of serial numbers on Apple computers.
Unibody MacBook Pro - Laser etched onto the base.
MacBook, Early MacBook Pro, PowerBook G4 - Inside the main battery bay. Remove battery to locate.
iBook (White) - Under the keyboard. To lift keyboard, pull back on the release tabs between the F-keys.
Intel iMac, iMac G5 - Underside of the foot/stand.
iMac G4, iMac G3 - Underside of the iMac.
Mac mini - On the underside of the Mac mini.
Mac Pro 2006-2012 - On rear of machine near graphics card ports.
PowerMac G5 - On lower chassis under side panel. To remove side panel, lift lever on rear of Mac.
PowerMac G3, PowerMac G4 - Label on the back of the Mac.
More detailed information on finding your serial number is available here on the Apple website.
Choose Upgrades by Model Identifier
Choose Upgrades by Model Identifier
Find your Mac by its Model Identifier
Select the alphabetic part of the Model Identifier -> --Choose Model--iMaciMacProMacBookMacBookAirMacBookProMacminiMacProPowerBookPowerMacSelect the full Model Identifier -> Select your exact Mac ->
Your Mac's Model Identifier can be found in System Profiler.
You can use the drop-down menus above to be taken to a page that displays upgrades specifically for your exact model.
This tool is also available on its own page, with a list of all Model IDs here.
We are closed for Christmas from Thu 24th Dec, and reopen on Mon 4th Jan.
Last order date for delivery before Christmas (Mainland UK): Courier: 2pm Tue 22nd Dec, Post:
2pm Fri 18th Dec.COVID Update: Online orders and mail-in repairs/upgrades are happening as normal.
Collection and drop-off are operating by appointment - please call us on 01223 833 412 to book a slot.
Terms & Conditions
Terms and ConditionsOur terms and conditions apply to all transactions made on www.macupgrades.co.uk and are set out below. Please read through these carefully before placing your order and then print a copy for future reference.
MacUpgrades complies fully with the UK Distance Selling Regulations and other applicable legislation.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions is intended to conflict with your statutary rights, or shall affect them in any way.
Please also read our data protection section regarding personal information provided by you.
We may change these items from time to time without notice to you. Changes will apply to any subsequent orders received.
Delivery can only be made to the UK and Republic or Ireland. All goods must be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over on delivery.
Goods are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to supply the goods, we will inform you as soon as possible. A full refund will be given where you have already paid for the goods.
The price you pay is the price shown on this website at the time we receive your order. While we try to ensure that all prices on the website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered, we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of either reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
We do file details of your order. Please read privacy policy for more details.
We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
The laws of England and Wales shall govern the contract between us and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of this contract. In the unlikely event that you receive faulty or damaged goods, please refer to the returns and refunds section.
Sometimes the product specifications from the manufacturer may change, in which case we will do our best to offer you a substitute of the same or better quality at the same price. If you are not happy with the replacement you can return it within 7 working days. Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the distance selling regulations. You must inform us of the cancellation within 7 days from date of order.
All sizes and measurements are approximate but we do try to make sure that they are as accurate as possible. On the rare occasions that there is an error, we will advise you about it as soon as possible.
We do not guarantee that this website will be compatible with your PC, and we accept no liability for any corruption or loss of data held on your PC, or any liability for any other loss or damage of any kind caused to your PC resulting from the use of this website.
When using one of our installation or drive cloning services, please back up all data before dispatching your machine to us. We take every care not to cause loss or corruption of your data, but we can accept no liability whatsoever for loss of data.
Some of the items available on MacUpgrades.co.uk are covered by our WEEE take back policy - please see here for full details.
Refunds and Returns
You have the right to cancel your order within 14 days from delivery, except for the exceptions listed below. You must notify us by phone of your intention to cancel within 14 days from delivery. After notification we will issue you a Return Materials Authorisation (R.M.A) number that you must quote on the paperwork when returning the goods.
Goods must be returned in the original packaging with all components and accessories.
Goods must be returned to our Returns Department within 14 days of the R.M.A number being issued. We are unable to accept returns of un-wanted and non-faulty items after the 14 days. Any 'FREE GIFTS' with the products must also be returned.
You must organise the return the unwanted items at your expense and risk. Returns cannot be accepted without prior authorisation and a Return Materials Authorisation number. The R.M.A is valid for 14 days only.
Full refund of the cost of the goods is wholly conditional upon the above conditions being met and the refund authorised only after a full inspection of the goods by our Returns department to check for completeness and correct product return.
Defective items within their warranty period may be returned to www.macupgrades.co.uk with a valid R.M.A number, please contact us to arrange one.
Items must be returned within 14 days of the R.M.A number being issued.. Items will be replaced with the same item originally purchased. For items that cannot be replaced, a refund will be offered at our discretion.
Exceptions to your right to a full refund.
For computer software if the seal is broken (on the outer packaging and/or the media).
For a computer that requires the sealed operating system software supplied to be installed prior to use.
For a consumable item (such as paper, inkjet/toner cartridge, CDR, CDRW, DVDR, DVDRW, tape or cartridge) or book.
For printers if the enclosed consumable is unsealed.
If the above items are faulty they will be replaced under the manufacturer's warranty - no refunds will be offered on these items.
If you have any queries regarding anything discussed on this page please do not hesitate to contact us using this form.
INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
How To Order
Shipping Information
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
MY ACCOUNT
Log In
My Account
My Macs
Order History
Address Book
Create Account
OUR SERVICES
Upgrades by Serial Number
Mac Repairs
On-Site Repairs & Upgrades
Repair Evaluation Service
Same Day Fitting
STAY CONNECTED
Twitter
Facebook
MacUpgrades Blog
Feedback
Trustpilot
Trustpilot
CONTACT US
MacUpgrades.co.uk, Unit 5, South Cambridgeshire Business Park, Babraham Road, Sawston, Cambridge, CB22 3JH
01223 833 412
info@macupgrades.co.uk
Live Chat
© Copyright 2005 - 2020 www.macupgrades.co.uk
--
Mac Upgrades is trading division of Second
Chance PC Limited, independent Macintosh specialists since 2001.
All offers
Exclude Errors and Omissions.
Company number 4331031. Registered for VAT GB 783705210.
Website powered by osCommerce