http://www.starticketing.com/tktweb/corporate?param=policy
Login
Home
Purchase Tickets
Subscriptions
Upcoming Events
Dining/accommodations
Venue Info
Maps/directions
F.A.Q.s
Contact Us
Featuring...
Martin Barre - Celebrates 50 Years of Jethro Tull
Uxbridge Music Hall
Wed, 30 Jun 2021 8:00 PM
more information
Join our mailing
list
Ticket your event
Our Policies & Privacy
Seventh-Star
Affiliated with: Seventh-Star Productions & Star Ticketing
You need Adobe to read these forms. Click here to get it:
Intellectual Property Notice
Copyright ï¿½ 2001 Seventh-Star All rights reserved. Seventh-Star
either owns the intellectual property rights in the underlying
HTML, text, audio clips, video clips and other content
that is made available to you on this web site, or has
the right to use such content. Star Ticketing and Seventh-Star
Productions are companies of Seventh-Star.  All references
made towards Seventh-Star are inclusive of all companies
run under and including Seventh-Star.
Limited License
Seventh-Star grants to you a limited license to display on your computer, print, download and use
the text, audio clips, video clips
and other content that is made available to you on this
web site for non-commercial, personal purposes only, provided
that:
(a) you do not modify any such content, and
(b) you include with and display on each copy of such content
the associated copyright notice and this limited license.
No other use is permitted. Without limiting the generality
of the following, you may not:
(1) make any commercial use of such content; or
(2) include such content in or with any product that you create or distribute; or
(3) copy such content onto your or any other person's World Wide Web site.
(4) create a link to the Seventh-Star web pages without the expressed written prior consent of
Seventh-Star management.
Nothing contained in this Section shall be construed as conferring
any right in any copyright or other intellectual property
of Seventh-Star or any other person who owns the copyright
in content provided on this web site.
Changes
While Seventh-Star will use commercially reasonable efforts
to keep the information on the site current, show schedules,
cast members, ticket prices, merchandise availability
and prices are subject to change without notice.
Submissions
Seventh-Star welcomes your comments regarding its productions and this
site. Seventh-Star encourages you or any other person
to submit ideas and theatrical thoughts to our head offices.
The company is under no obligation to act upon an external
source, however, all materials submitted to Seventh-Star
become the property of Seventh-Star to be used for there
future or immediate use, modification, execution, or sale.
(including, but not limited to copyright, trademark, unfair
competition, moral rights, or implied contract) and you
waive the right to receive any financial or other consideration
in connection with such unsolicited submission including,
but not limited to, credit.
Trade Marks
All production and product names mentioned or graphics displayed
on this web site are the trademarks of their respective
owners.
No Warranties
SEVENTH-STAR DOES NOT WARRANT THE QUALITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS
OF ANY CLAIMS, STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION ON OUR SITE.
FURTHER, SEVENTH-STAR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE
SUITABILITY OF ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS
SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. THIS
SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL SEVENTH-STAR PRODUCTIONS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM
THE SERVICE.
If you are dissatisfied with this site or with any terms,
conditions, rules, policies, guidelines, or practices
of Seventh-Star in operating this site, your sole and
exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site.
Shopping on any Seventh-Star Site
When making purchases or other transactions through this site, you may be asked to supply certain
information,
including credit card or other payment mechanisms. You agree that all such information you provide
will be accurate
and complete. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or other users of your account and credit
card or other
payment mechanisms at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. You also will be
responsible for paying all
applicable taxes, if any, relating to purchases on this site. You agree to be bound by all of these
terms and conditions
contained in the order form. This entire process is secured for your protection by Geotrust with
128bit encryption
and verified by Trustwave.
Ticket Policy
Exchanges: Check your tickets to make sure that the date and time
listed is correct.  If a performance is select seating
or reserved seating there are no refunds.  However,
if tickets purchased are of a general seating nature ticket
exchanges will only be
accepted if we receive your request at least 24 hours before the date printed on the ticket(s).
Refunds: There are no refunds except for outright cancellation of the event.
Group ticket sales: On some ticket sales there are group sales
offers.  Normally orders of twenty (20) or more tickets
for the same production constitute Group ticket sales.
The discounted price will be applied to Group ticket orders.
Subject to availability.
Latecomers: Performances begin promptly at the registered times.
We remind patrons that in order not to disturb patrons
already seated, latecomers will be seated only at a suitable
break and at the discretion of the House Manager.
Electronic
Devices: Please turn off all electronic devices during
the performance.  Flash photography and video recordings
are not permitted unless authorized by the producer of
the show.
Seventh-Star reserves the right to cancel ticket orders placed through
its online service where it has reason to believe that
fraudulent and/or duplicated orders have been submitted.
All unpaid ticket orders will be held at the box office
up until 20 minutes before curtain call.
Under
no circumstances will Seventh-Star or any of its affiliates
be held responsible for the cancellation of any event
unless otherwise stated.
Payment Policy
Payments can be made in cash, credit card, cheque, money order
or Seventh-Star gift certificates.  Payment is due
prior to receipt of tickets or once contact is made between
ticket holder and ticket seller.  All orders are
processed in Canadian dollars.
Gift Certificates: Can be purchased online or via telephone
at: 1-866-808-2006.
Refunds: There are no refunds once payment has been received except
for outright cancellation of the event.
Online ordering: Payment is due once ticket order has been made.
Mail
Orders
being shipped will be sent out 1 business day after payment
has been received.  Shipping is sent via standard
post unless otherwise stated.  Orders received 10
days have the option of having their order shipped to
them, otherwise the order will be held at the "Will
Call" window on the evening of the date stamped on
your ticket.
Privacy
Seventh-Star
assumes the strictest in privacy to its patrons, casts
and crews.  Under no circumstances will Seventh-Star
sell, distribute or otherwise advertise anyone's name
without the prior consent from that party.  However,
by joining one of the mailing lists within Seventh-Star
you agree to receive a notification or update of some
sort, be it newsletter, upcoming audition notice, upcoming
production notice, update of information notice, or anything
situated with the Seventh-Star name.  During some
times we may send you a notification regarding some products
or services that Seventh-Star uses not necessarily affiliated
with the Seventh-Star name.
Miscellaneous
This
site is controlled and operated by Seventh-Star from its
offices in the province of Ontario, Canada. Seventh-Star
makes no representations that materials in this site are
appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those
who access this site from other locations do this at their
own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and
all local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the province of Ontario. No waiver of
any of these provisions shall constitute a waiver of any
other provision (whether or not similar). If any of the
provisions contained in this Agreement is found by a court
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable
in any respect, the validity, legality or enforceability
of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not
be in any way affected or impaired thereby.
Home ~
Jobs ~
Reports ~
Gift Certificates
Our Policies & Privacy ~
Advertise with Us ~
Sell Tickets with Us
2008 Star Ticketing Network Canada Ltd. All rights reserved