http://www.logcabinrustics.com/privacypolicy.html
HomeLog Cabin Rustics Log Furniture PoliciesLog Cabin Rustics Log Furniture PoliciesThis site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.1. Information Privacy Notice2. Delivery Time3. Shipping4. Windows of Time5. Rural or Gated Delivery Locations6. Tracking Number7. Damaged Shipment8. Satisfaction Guarantee9. Cancellations and Returns10.Sales Tax11.Pricing Errors===========================================================================Information Privacy NoticeThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Log Cabin Rustics Log Furniture Company. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via checkout, email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.Return to TopDelivery TimeMost of our furniture is handcrafted upon order and shipment is usually within 4-6 weeks, however shipment times vary by manufacturer, by time of year, and by item so please check specific item for current delivery times.
Estimated delivery dates are estimates and not guaranteed.Return to TopShippingAt Log Cabin Rustics, our goal is to make shipping log furniture as easy and cost-effective for you as possible. We offer FREE SHIPPING to 48 states on all orders over $139, and we work hard to find the fastest and safest way to get that furniture right to front door of even the remotest cabin. Orders under $100 will be charged a flat $15 shipping fee, and orders from $100-$139 will be charged a flat $20 shipping fee.Our free shipping includes "curbside delivery".
This means the driver will pull up to the closest curb by your house.
To keep costs down, trucking companies do not send two truckers with each load, and according to the shipping agreement, the driver is NOT required to lift your delivery from the truck nor carry your delivery into your house, however many drivers will assist in unloading if you tip them. Drivers are not allowed to enter your house.
If your item is heavy, we strongly recommend that you plan to have at least 2 strong people to assist with unloading and the optional liftgate delivery service, which means the truck will be equipped with a lift to lower your items from the truck to the ground.
Only one Liftgate fee is required per order.Also, please note that curbside motor freight service does not include unpacking the furniture, furniture placement, assembly, or removal of packing material.We also ship to Alaska, Hawaii, and Canada - we cover the cost to the nearest port or US border and then charge an incremental fee for the remaining transportation.From Canada, call 1-858-876-0599 for discounted shipping.Return to TopWindows of TimeMany customers ask us to “hit” a certain window when they will be at their cabin or hideaway, and actually, we have gotten pretty good at doing just that. Provided that your desired delivery timeframe is after our original estimated shipping date, please let us know at the time of your order and we can usually arrange for delivery within a 3-4 day window.
The 3-4 days must be business / working days for the trucking companies (Holidays and weekends don't count).Return to TopRural or Gated Delivery LocationsExcept for smaller individual items, which may be shipped by FedEx or UPS, most of our items are delivered free of charge by large 18-wheel freight trucks.
If your delivery location is in an unpaved area, on narrow driveways, switchbacks or other area where a freight truck may not be able to navigate, please notify us upon ordering.If your location is not accessible by an 18-wheel freight truck, you will need to either make arrangements to meet the truck in an accessible location, or in some cases we MAY be able to arrange for a smaller truck to make the final delivery for an additional fee.If you are in a gated community or one with special entry restrictions, please let us know at the time of your order.Return to TopTracking NumbersWhen your order leaves one of our warehouses, we will notify you of the tracking number and method of shipment. The freight company will eventually contact you when they are ready to deliver, however we strongly recommend that you contact the freight company proactively to schedule a convenient time for delivery.Return to TopDamaged ShipmentInspect your entire shipment upon delivery and BEFORE THE FREIGHT TRUCK LEAVES!
It is the customer's responsibility to ensure that any damage is noted on the freight company's Bill of Ladings
before the shipper leaves your residence or business so that a claim can be filed.Contact Log Cabin Rustics immediately and no later than 24 hours after receiving shipment and we will assist you in getting a replacement or repairs provided that the damage was noted on the freight company's Bill of Ladings at the time of delivery.
Please retain a copy of the Bill of Ladings for your records and to help with any claims processing.Return to TopSatisfaction GuaranteeWe are committed to your satisfaction. We guarantee the quality and craftsmanship of every piece of furniture we sell. We offer a manufacturer's lifetime warranty on all of our handcrafted cedar, aspen, pine and hickory log furniture, and 1-5 year warranties on every other line. When you buy from Log Cabin Rustics, you can be sure that your rustic furniture and decor will only appear rustic. The drawers on your dressers will open and close smoothly without binding. The bed frames will be solid and tight. The doors will work well and fit smoothly. We make every attempt to finish your furniture so you can enjoy it without any problems or maintenance. Rustic furniture characteristics not deemed as defective are cracks, knots, checking and variations in color. All of these add to the rustic appeal of the furniture. If cracks compromise the structural integrity of the piece we will replace it free of charge. The bottom line is, we want you to be happy with your log furniture. More than that, we want you to tell others how happy you are. Word of mouth advertising is the very best--and most effective--advertising we have. Please feel free to call any time should you have a problem or question. Our toll-free number is 1-866-923-6932.Return to TopCancellations and ReturnsThe procurement process begins as soon as your order is placed. In most cases, your rustic furniture or accessory is being constructed specifically for you. Once the purchase order has been sent to the wholesale manufacturer, Log Cabin Rustics is financially obligated to purchase the products ordered. Because most items are handcrafted upon order, we generally are not able to accept cancellations, or returns because a customer does not like an item.We may, however, at our discretion and agreement from the manufacturer, make an exception to this policy. If you wish to request a change to your order, please call us as soon as possible. If you wish to return delivered items, you must call us at 1-866-923-6932 within 7 days after receiving them for return instructions. Items must be in original purchase condition for a refund, minus true actual shipping charges in BOTH directions and a 20% re-stocking fee. Please re-package merchandise with care as you will be responsible for shipping damage that occurs during a return.Return to TopSales TaxLog Cabin Rustics collects sales tax only on orders shipped to California.Return to TopPricing ErrorsAlthough Log Cabin Rustics makes every effort to ensure our prices are affordable and competitive, we reserve the right to refuse, or cancel, any orders in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical errors or other data entry mistakes.
If your credit card has already been charged and Log Cabin Rustics determines the pricing on the item is incorrect, we will contact you and give you the option of canceling your order, or paying any difference between the incorrect price and the actual price.Return to TopFor additional questions, please see our FAQ page.