https://www.shiftmx.com/privacy-policy.html?lang=US
Free Shipping On All Orders Over $49.99  SEE DETAILS
*Free Shipping offer is good for Standard Ground Shipping in the contiguous United States only. If you choose Express Shipping, additional charges will apply.
Wish list
My Account
Login
Create an Account
Check an Order Status
CHANGE COUNTRY
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
Spain
France
Germany
Ireland
Netherlands
Sweden
USA
United Kingdom
MiniCart
Menu
Shift MX
Search Catalog
Search
MOTO
LIMITED EDITION
Vega
Republic
Bowery
Bloodline
Archival
GEAR
Gear Sets
Jerseys
Pants
Helmets
Jackets
Goggles
Gloves
Boots
Guards
Youth
Women
GEICO HONDA
Anaheim 1/4
St. Louis 1/11
San Diego 2/8
Tampa 2/15
Atlanta 2/29
Daytona 3/7
ACCESSORIES
Bags
Socks
Spare parts
Stickers
SALE
Jerseys
Pants
Helmets
Jackets
Gloves
Boots
Socks
Youth
MX20
Jerseys
Pants
gloves
Youth
label
3LUE LABEL
3LACK LABEL
WHIT3 LABEL
R3CON
CLOTHING
TEES
HOODIES
JACKETS
HEADWEAR
SALE
Find Your Fit
Login or Create An Account
Wish list
CHANGE COUNTRY
Austria
Belgium
Canada
Denmark
Spain
France
Germany
Ireland
Netherlands
Sweden
USA
United Kingdom
Call Us: (800) 345 - 7175
Search Catalog
Search
MiniCart
Privacy Policy
At Shift we respect the privacy rights of our customers. Here, we explain how we collect, use and keep your personal information safe. This policy will be updated annually and covers our interaction with consumers in the United States and Canada. We and reserve the right to modify our privacy policy on this website.
You have the right to
-Review the personal information that we have about you and request a copy of it
-Ask that we update or correct your personal information
-Request that we delete your personal information
-Obtain a disclosure of how we collect or share your information
-Opt-out (see link below) meaning not having your information shared, including:
(i) opt-out for direct marketing purposes
(ii) opt-out of sales of personal information
-Object to certain uses of your personal information
-Decide about receiving email marketing
-Accept or reject the cookies that we use before browsing or shopping on our website
-Not be discriminated for exercising your privacy rights
You also have the right to (if you are not yet 18y/o)
-Ask us to remove content or information that you have posted on our website
But you may not
Disclose to us other people’s personal information unless you have their express, unqualified consent. If you share with us personal information relating to others, then you represent that you have the authority (i) to do so; and (ii) to permit us to use said information in accordance with our privacy policy.
In turn, we will do our best to
Comply with your request as soon as practicable within 45 days, and keep you informed about the status of your request. However, we may not be able to comply with your request if, for example:
A. We need your information (i) to fulfill your orders; (ii) to process payments or returns; (iii) for tax or audit-compliance purposes or other regulatory requirements; or (iv) other legitimate business reasons (such as enforcing our legal terms).
B. Someone else has reposted your content, etc.
C. See our DNT Disclosure (right below)
Please send us an email or call us toll-free:
-United States: customerservice@shiftmx.com; (888) 369-7223
-Canada: customerservice.ca@shiftmx.com; 1-855-298-1853
In this regard, please understand that your request must include enough information for us to verify that you are who you say you are (the person whose personal information we collected or someone authorized by the person whose personal information we collected).
Do Not Track (DNT) Disclosure
DNT is a web browser setting that requests that a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. (https://allaboutdnt.com/)
Please note that, currently, we do not respond to their DNT requests.
For your information (about your personal information)
We collect your personal information, as needed (for example, formal identification or Gov. ID data, contact information, payment information, purchase history, social media interaction, device/browser information, product preferences, etc.), to provide you with the Shift products and/or services (or information about them) that you love!
This means that we use your information for marketing, promotions and all other legitimate business or commercial purposes. We don't sell, trade, give away, or rent your personal information (except for CCPA purposes because the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) broadly defines the word “selling” to include scenarios where your personal information is shared with business partners in exchange of non-monetary yet “valuable consideration”).
We engage online advertising companies who also collect information about you (for example, your browsing activity on our website and related websites) to deliver ads about our products that we hope are satisfactory to you.
Consequently, your personal information is provided to us (i) directly by you, while interacting with us on any media (such as phone, website, chat, e-mail, SMS, social media, in-store, online store, etc.); or (ii) it is collected from third parties (like credit card issuers, data analytics firms, etc.); or (iii) it is mashed-up by ourselves based on the information provided by you and/or collected by third parties. And we may share your personal information with our affiliated companies and brands as well as others who provide services to you or us (for example, social media companies or third-party payment service processors).
We will keep your personal information for a reasonable period to comply with our obligations to you and for other legitimate business purposes.
Please note that our website is a general audience site and does not target to or is intended for use by minors. Therefore, we vow not to knowingly collect personal information directly from minors without their parents’ consent.
Please also note that we use closed circuit television or CCTV cameras in our retail stores for the safety of both our employees and customers. If you visit one of our stores you will be recorded. In this regard, please be aware that if you connect to our stores’ wi-fi we will receive information about you and your device. Please keep it in mind.
Finally, please also note that we have no control over, and are not responsible for the way any of the third-party entities referred here collect, use, and disclose your personal information.
In the last 12 months
We have, for business purposes, collected/used (and shared with the third parties mentioned in this policy) the following personal information from our customers:
-Identifiers and information protected against security breaches (meaning, personally identifiable information such as your name and contact information, as provided by you) as well as varied commercial information, Internet/electronic activity, and geolocation (also provided by you while interacting with us or originating from such interaction and compiled by or for us).
You may request access to your personal information that we have collected in the last 12 months, and information on how we used it, up to two (2) times in a 12-month period.
Storage and security
We store your personal information in the United States and/or in Canada and go above and beyond to keep it safe (when it comes to cybersecurity, always trust your gut; thus, immediately contact us if you receive an email, text, call, etc. that appears to be from us yet looks/feels suspicious – for your own peace of mind). Therefore, your information may be transferred, processed, or stored outside of your country of residence, and so different data protection regimes may apply. Also, and this is very important, please be aware that in certain circumstances, courts of justice and law enforcement, etc. may be entitled to access your personal information.
Cookies
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and can help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Q&A
If you have any questions or comments, please feel free to contact us and we will get back to you as soon as possible. We value your input very much!
Please send us an email or call us toll-free:
-United States: customerservice@shiftmx.com; (888) 369-7223
-Canada: customerservice.ca@shiftmx.com; 1-855-298-1853
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Unless otherwise mandatory, California state law governs the interpretation of this policy and applies to any claims or controversies relating to it, without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any claim or controversy will be exclusively tried at the state or federal court, as appropriate, sitting in the city of Irvine, California, or with jurisdiction over Orange County, California. By interacting with us, you agree so.
Please contact us if you want to receive by e-mail a copy of this policy in PDF format
Read More
SHIFT MX
Privacy Policy
Corporate Responsibility
Contact Shift
Returns
Shipping
Careers
Size Charts
Code of Conduct
Patents
Legal Terms