http://www.watchwinders.com/privacy-policy
Order informationloyalty programshippingpayment methodswarranty
Customer servicefaqwarranty formreturn formgeneral terms & conditions
privacy policy
Contactcontact informationabout us
Privacy Policy
Watchwinders.com will respect the privacy of all users of its site and takes care that personal information provided by you will be dealt with confidentially. We use your data to have your orders handled as quickly and easily as possible. As far as the remainder is concerned we will use these data with your permission exclusively. Watchwinders.com will not sell your personal data to a third party and the data will be put at the disposal of a third party only and exclusively when involved in executing your order.
Watchwinders.com will use the collected data to provide for services to its clients such as:when you place an order we need your name, e-mail address, address for the delivery and payment data to execute your order and keep you informed of its progress. To make shopping with Watchwinders.com as agreeable as possible we will store your personal data, the data regarding your order and the use of our services only with your permission. In this way we can personify the website. We will use your e-mail address to inform you about the developments of the website and about our special offers and actions. If you do not appreciate this information any longer you can have yourself written out from our website.
Data about use of our site and feedback we get from our visitors will help us to develop and improve our site. If you decide to write a review you may choose whether or not to add your name and/or other personal data. We are curious to know our visitor’s opinions but have a right not to publish contributions which do not satisfy our site conditions. When you react to an action or a competition we will ask for your name, address and e-mail address. We will use these data to carry out the action, to announce the winners, and to measure the response to our marketing actions. Watchwinders.com does not sell your data. Watchwinders.com will not sell your personal data to a third party and the data will be put at the disposal of a third party only and exclusively when involved in executing your order. Our employees and a third party brought in by us will be obliged to respect the confidentiality of your data.
Cookies are tiny bits of information which are stored in your computer by your browser. Watchwinders.com uses cookies to recognize you when visiting us again. Cookies enable us to gather information about the use of our services, and to improve and adjust them to our client’s wishes. Our cookies provide us with information with regard to the identification of persons. You may adjust your browser in such a way that you will not receive any cookies when shopping in Watchwinders.com.
Please contact us if there still are questions to be answered about Watchwinders.com Privacy Policy. Our client service will help you if you need information about your data or when you want to change them. In case change of our Privacy Policy should be necessary then you will always find the most recent information on this page.