https://www.tackshop.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Eileen Douglas Tackshops Ltd Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our organisation uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
Our Company collects the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Our Company with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
How will we use your data?
Our Company collects your data so that we can:
Process your order and manage your account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
When Our Company processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
Our Company securely stores your data at [enter the location and describe security precautions taken].
Our Company will keep your data for 1 year. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop Our Company from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Our Company Group.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
What are your data protection rights?
Our Company would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Our Company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us: 01189 793593
Or write to us at: Eileen Douglas Tackshops, Woods Farm, Easthampstead Road, Wokingham, RG403AE
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Our Company uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The Our Company website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 9 January 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: sales@tackshop.co.uk
Call us: 01189 793593
Or write to us at: Eileen Douglas Tackshops, Woods Farm, Easthampstead Road, Wokingham, RG403AE
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Our Company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
For the Horse
Saddlery
Saddles and Accessories
Bridles
Bridle Pieces
Reins
Stirrup Leathers and Irons
Bits
Training Aids
Martingales and Breasplates
Girths and Sleeves
Studs and Accessories
Hi Vis
Horse Rugs
Turnout Rugs
Stable Rugs
Fly Rugs
Liners & Under Rugs
Exercise Sheets
Cooler Rugs
Therapy Rugs
Fleece Rugs
Stable Sheets
Rug Accessories
Horse Wear
Fly Masks
Grazing Muzzles
Headcollars and Ropes
Numnahs and Saddlecloths
Tail Guards
Ear Nets
Horse Boots
Brushing and Exercise Boots
Tendon and Fetlock Boots
Travel Boots
Over Reach Boots
Horse Bandages
Stable and Turnout Boots
Therapy and Medical Boots
Grooming
Brushes
Fly Repellent
Grooming Accessories
Clippers and Oils
Hoof Care
Shampoos & Conditioners
Toys & Treats
Applications & Sprays
Tackboxes & Grooming Kits
Health
Therapy Products
Therapy Rugs
Therapy and Medical Boots
Veterinary
Supplements
Womens
Leisure Wear
Polos & Tops
Gilets & Waistcoats
Jumpers & Fleeces
Jackets & Coats
Headwears & Scarfs
Other Accessories
Riding Wear
Ladies Jods & Breeches
Riding Tights & Leggings
Competition Shirts
Competition Jackets
Competition Accessories
Gloves
Safety Wear
Hats and Skulls
Silks and Liners
Body Protectors
Rider Hi Viz
Footwear & Chaps
Riding Long Boots
Riding Short Boots
Socks
Country & Leisure Boots
Chaps & Gaiters
Spurs and Straps
Mens
Mens Breeches
Hats and Skulls
Mens Footwear
Mens Body Protector
Mens Gloves
Childrens
Hats and Skulls
Children Body Protector
Childrens Jods
Children Chaps & Gaiters
Children Clothing
Children Footwear
Children Gloves
Gifts/Children Toys
Yard/Stable
Buckets and Mangers
Haynets
Stable Accessories
Electric Fencing
Tack Room & Accessories
Yard Tools
Luggage
Small Animal
Dog Coats
Dog Supplements
Poultry
Brands
Featured Brands
Ariat
Racesafe
Horseware
Pikeur
Charles Owen
Equilibrium
All
View all brands >>
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Log in
Remember me
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNo