https://www.glasstoptableshop.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://glasstoptableshop.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
All information you provide is private and is not shared with third party.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.Who we share your data with
Recent Posts
What to do before you book an Airport Limousine Service
Tips to Find the Right Office Space
What Role Does Music Have in Life
Why Should You Travel Frequently
Furniture Design Tips For Newbies
Archives
March 2020
February 2020
December 2019
April 2017
September 2016
May 2016
January 2016
December 2015
October 2015
September 2015
Categories
carpets
decore
holidays
limousine
party bus
Uncategorized