http://www.flowerbud.com/pages/privacy-policy
My Cart
Close
Shop
All
Flower Market
Subscriptions
Tulips of the Month
Year In Bloom
By Occasion
Birthday
Congratulations
Get Well
Holiday Collection
Just Because
About Us
Our Farm
Our Team
Resources
Flower Care
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
ACCOUNT
Shop
All
Flower Market
Subscriptions
Tulips of the Month
Year In Bloom
By Occasion
Birthday
Congratulations
Get Well
Holiday Collection
Just Because
About Us
Our Farm
Our Team
Resources
Flower Care
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Search our store
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 27, 2020
Overview
Stargazer Barn takes the privacy of our customers and those who visit our website and procure our products and services seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we collect certain information and how we will help protect your privacy within our www.Stargazerbarn.com (the “Site”). Our commitment to you (the “Customer”) is that we will not use or disclose information collected from you other than as described in this policy.
We respect your privacy and we value your security. That's why every order placed through our website is 100% safe and secure. All of your personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted over the Internet and carefully guarded once we receive it. Our servers are certified secure, and your information won't be shared with anyone who doesn't need it. People who need it may include the people who deliver your flowers, the people who pack them, and the people who process your payments, but they absolutely do not include any third-party marketers, researchers, or spammers. Out Site does not and will not sell, rent, or trade customer lists or information with third parties.
For more details about what information we collect and how it is used, please read our full privacy policy.
Personally Identifiable information our Site collects
We Collect information from you when you register on our site, place and order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When you visit or shop our Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your:
First and Last Name
Company Name (when applicable)
Billing Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Credit Card Name, Number, CVN (Card Verification Number), and Expiration Date
When purchasing wine, if you are of legal drinking age
From the customer StargazerBarn.com requests the following "recipient" (one receiving merchandise) information on its Web site storefront:
First and Last Name
Company Name
Physical Delivery Address
Telephone Number
When purchasing wine, if recipient is of legal drinking age
Use of your Personal Information
Personally identifiable information is collected and retained by StargazerBarn.com to personalize and improve our website experience. Personal information is also used to maintain highest quality customer service by sending order confirmation emails and FedEx tracking emails to customers. Our Site may contact or respond to customers or recipients via phone or email.
In addition, customers are given the option to subscribe to receive occasional marketing emails.
For your security, StargazerBarn.com requires that you enter your credit card number and the verification number on your credit card when making a purchase. The card verification number (CVN) is a security feature, designed to protect you from fraudulent charges by ensuring that the card is present at the time the purchase is made. The CVN is printed only on the card, never on any receipts or statements, and it is not stored in the magnetic strip.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Sharing Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store.
you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Robly
For more information on the privacy practice of Robly, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://support.robly.com/privacy-policy
Children's Privacy
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information where reasonably possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please send a detailed message to Barndesk@stargazerbarn.com .
Your California Privacy Rights ( California's Shine The Light Law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Questions and Feedback:
We welcome your questions, comments, and concern about privacy. Please send us your feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue:
Mail
Stargazer Barn
3160 Upper Bay Road
Arcata, CA 95521
Phone:
1-888-544-0644
Email:
Barndesk@stargazerbarn.com
Liquid error: Could not find asset snippets/subscription-theme-footer.liquid