http://www.leftshoponline.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy - Left 'n Write
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
My account
Search for:
Search
MENUMENUShopWe are LEFT ‘n WriteTrainingNewsBlogContact
£0.00 0 items
Home / Terms and Conditions / Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Left n Write Ltd collects certain information or data about you when you use Left n Write Ltd
We collect:
questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact us
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts, and how you use our emails – for example whether you open them and which links you click on
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details of which version of web browser you used
information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques
order history and order details if you make a transaction via our website
This data can be viewed by authorised people at Left n Write Ltd to:
improve the site by monitoring how you use it
gather feedback to improve our services, for example our email alerts
respond to any feedback you send us, if you’ve asked us to
send email alerts to users who request them
allow you to access our services and make transactions
provide you with information about our services if you want it
Where your data is stored
We store your data on secure servers provided by DreamHost
Keeping your data secure
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit.
Any data you send is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
Disclosing your information
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Your rights
You can find out about your rights here, and ask us via email to info@leftshoponline.co.uk what information we hold about you and to not to use any of the information we collect.
If you’ve signed up for email alerts, you can unsubscribe or change your settings at any time by selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in every email.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
This privacy policy only applies to leftshoponline.co.uk, and doesn’t cover other websites services and transactions that we link to.
Following a link to another website
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Following a link to Leftshoponline.co.uk from another website
If you come to leftshoponline.co.uk from another website, we may receive information from the other website. We don’t use this data. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
Left ‘n Write Leftshoponline.co.uk is the online retailer of left handed stationery, tools, utensils and left handed writing guides and books.
We have over 20 years experience and have written the “Left Hand Writing Skills” and “So You Think They’re Left-Handed?” book, as well as designing the “Writewell” mats. For left-handed products, educational advice and training, we are the number one web site!
Registered Office Address
Left n Write Ltd
5 Deansway
Worcester
WR1 2JG
Phone
07747605107
Email
info@leftshoponline.co.uk
Useful Links Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Your Account
Invoices available for Schools and Organisations
Links
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
© Left 'n Write 2018 | website designed and built in Malvern, Worcester, UK by Pixertise
My Account
Search
Search for:
Search
0
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience, please click here to find out more.