https://www.blinds-2go.co.uk/privacy-policy
Our phones are very busy, skip the queue & get solutions online here
8 million windows covered
20
years of exceptional service
Over
125,000
reviews
We're rated as 'Excellent'
Incredible Prices, Premium Style
Amazing savings on 1000's of styles
Close
Filter:
Type
Privacy policy
Taking care of your personal information is as important to us as it is to you. That's why we take every measure possible to do that carefully and sensitively. This Privacy Notice outlines the way we collect and use your personal information through Blinds 2go and its affiliate sites.
Personal Data That We Collect
Blinds 2 Go Ltd collects essential data to be able to complete your order. When completing an order with us, we will take your name, billing address, contact telephone number, email address and where applicable, a separate delivery address. Payment details are also taken for orders where payment is required.
How We Use Personal Data
Blinds 2 Go Ltd uses the data that we collect to provide you with the product that you have ordered from our website. Your name is taken so we can address our communications to you and also so that your parcel is dispatched for your attention. Your billing address is taken to allow validation of your payment details and where applicable, a delivery address is taken so that the parcel can be delivered to the address that suits you best. We also take a contact telephone number so that we can contact you if there are any problems with your order and we take an email address so that we can send you order notifications and updates and any communications should we be unable to contact you by telephone. Your email address also serves as part of your log in to our order tracking service.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorised. This data is shared with suppliers and couriers working on our behalf. It is also used when required by law or to respond to legal process, to protect our customers and to protect the rights or property of Blinds 2 Go Ltd. Access to your personal data is limited to information needed to perform these functions and may not be used for other purposes. Furthermore, all personal information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
By combining the data we have about you, we then use this to offer you promotions, products and services that are most likely to interest you. The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service.
We offer regular emails to let you know about any promotions that may be running along with any new products that we have introduced into our ranges.
Your email address is never shared outside of Blinds 2 Go Ltd and you can unsubscribe at any stage by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you have received from our company.
How Secure is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We do not reveal any of your credit card details when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
How can I see what information you have about me?
It's your right under the
UK
Data Protection Act to ask for a copy of your information.
We'll need to see two copies of your ID. Valid forms of ID include the following:
Passport
Driving licence
Birth certificate
Utility bill (from the last three months)
Current vehicle registration document
Bank statement (from the last three months)
Rent book (from the last three months)
To get in touch, email:
dpa.officer@blinds-2go.co.uk
Or write to:
The Data Protection Officer
Blinds 2 Go Ltd
1 Longwall Avenue
Nottingham
NG2 1NA
If you wish to make changes to the data we hold, please let us know (using the contact details above) after you have received your copy of your data and we can make alterations or erase the data if appropriate.
Of course, you can only request information regarding yourself and no other person.
Don't take our word for it, we've got over
125,000
great reviews
Quick and efficient service
Quick and efficient service. Good quality products.
Excellent service
Excellent service! Would definitely use again!
Fantastic service
Fantastic service
Rapid response and quick
delivery.
Would definitely recommend in fact already have to friends and family
I ORDERED 2 ROAM BLINDS FOR MY HOME
I ORDERED 2 ROAM BLINDS FOR MY HOME
,
THEY BOTH ARRIVED QUICKLY , THE QUALITY IS GREAT, THEY WERE SO EASY TO PUT UP
I CANNOT RATE THEM HIGHLY ...
Happy with the blinds, but......
Happy with the blinds, I love the colour but, I wish ì had checked 're the opening and sliding method. I have blinds already, from another company, ...
Bought my first blind from Blinds2go
Bought my first blind from Blinds2go. Won't be the last. My blind was delivered on time. Perfectly packaged, and exactly what I ordered. So easy to ...
The blind I ordered is excellent
The blind I ordered is excellent
Looks superb
Look no further for blinds for Velux windows!
I ordered blinds for our velum windows. The website made ordering very easy, with a great range of colour's, and getting the correct size was a ...
SIMPLE
SIMPLE. Simple to order. Simple to fit. Would recommend to others.
Fast delivery
Fast delivery. Nice blinds
Fab!
Great
kit, great service.
The blind width were incorrect by a …
The blind width were incorrect by a couple of cams. The pull cords were too short and I have to stand on something to reach them! Too late to send ...
I purchased 2 blinds this company added …
I purchased 2 blinds this company added a advertisement sown into the blind. We tried to cut it out to no avail. We cut the blind trying to get it ...
The blinds look so good
The blinds were delivered quickly after ordering.
They are superb quality and look great.
More than pleased with the price, quality and service. I ...
Terrible, Terrible, Terrible
I ordered a Roman Blind from this company on 27 June and received a blind on Tuesday 4 July.
The blind that arrived was a totally different size and ...
fab as always.......go to no one else...
fab as always.......go to no one else...
Packaging was incomplete plus clips …
Packaging was incomplete plus clips were packaged in the wrong casing. We are also two valance clips short.
Good blinds and a fast efficient service
Good blinds and a fast efficient service
Bought before and was impressed
Bought before and was impressed. Bought again and still impressed.
Price good
Price good. Poor quality
Brilliant value for money
Easy to use website - made to measure Venetian blinds delivered in one week easy to install & look fabulous.
Perfect fitting
Perfect fitting, just the exact measurements that I provided. So easy to fix and the quality is excellent. Looks beautiful just as in the pictures. ...
Very happy with my blinds
Very happy with my blinds. Really look good great quality.
Really happy with my blinds
Really happy with my blinds
Blinds are fab and service excellent
Blinds are fab and service excellent
Good value and prompt delivery service
Good value and prompt delivery service
First class product.
Well made, well packaged and arrived on time.
Vertical blinds
Always great quality, easy to put up and fast delivery! Good
Excellent blinds
Fast delivery. Easy to put up, will be ordering more
Excellent service
Excellent service
BACK TO TOP
Success!
Items now safely added to your basket:
View your shopping basket
Close
Cookie policy, this site uses cookies to improve your user experience. By using this site you agree to these cookies being set.
Agree