http://www.degeler.com/pages/privacy-policy-data-protection-statement
Welcome to DEGELER
Where are we shipping to?
EUROPA
INTERNATIONAL
Our Products
Backpacks
SkyHanger
Bags
Leather Products
Value Packs
Titanium Coat Hanger
Our Products
Backpacks
SkyHanger
Bags
Leather Products
Value Packs
Titanium Coat Hanger
Privacy policy / Data Protection Statement
Scope
With this document, the person responsible wishes to fulfil his or her duties to provide information to data subjects in accordance with Article 13 of the Basic Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO). This data protection information is published at https://degeler.com/pages/privacy-policy-data-protection-statement and has been valid since October 2020. Due to the further development of our Internet presence or due to changes in legal or official requirements, it may become necessary to amend this data protection information. The amended version will be announced to you at this point.
Who is responsible for data processing?
The person responsible for data processing according to Art. 4 No. 7 DSGVO is
DEGELER GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurter Str. 63 A, 63322 Rödermark. The complete imprint can be found at degeler.com/pages/imprint
III. Is there a data protection officer?
We have not appointed a data protection officer for our company.
What do we process your data for?
1. log files / hosting
If you visit our website without registering or otherwise providing us with information, we only collect the following data that your browser sends to our server (so-called "server log files"):
The individual pages of our website (URL)
Date and time at the time of the access
Amount of data in byte
Source/link from which you reached our page
Browser used
Operating system used
Internet protocol address used (generally anonymised)
Our Internet presence is stored with a hosting provider and is available for retrieval. The web server used stores the aforementioned server log files.
Purpose of the processing: hosting of the website
Legal basis and legitimate interests: The processing is based on our predominant legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO) in the security and stability of our Internet presence by commissioning a service provider to provide infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, storage space and database services, security services and technical maintenance services
Data recipient: Shopify International Limited, www.shopify.com/
Storage duration: 7 days
2. cookies
2. a. General
(aa) Definitions
Below you will find extensive information on so-called "cookies". These are small text files that are stored on your end device. The following terms may be used in the following:
First-party cookie: This cookie is stored or modified by the website you are currently browsing
Third party cookie: This cookie is stored or modified by third parties with whom the website operator is connected (e.g. an advertising network, a social media platform, etc.)
Session cookie: This cookie is deleted from your terminal device when you close the browser. A session cookie often stores only one session ID in order to assign several requests from a user on a page to his or her session
Persistent cookie: This cookie is stored on your device until it expires or until you delete it manually or automatically in your browser.
Technically necessary cookie: This cookie is technically necessary to display our website and enables the necessary functions contained therein
Technically not necessary cookie: This cookie is not absolutely necessary for the presentation or use of the website, but enables us or you to use a special functionality
Each type of cookie may contain personal data. In many cases, however, the data in the cookies is pseudonymised.
(bb) Legal bases
Technically necessary cookies: The storage and modification of technically necessary cookies is based on the legal basis of our predominant legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. These are the optimal, browser and operating system independent, technically secure external presentation and advertising of our company on the Internet as well as the user-friendly and effective design of your website visit.
Technically not necessary cookies: The storage and modification of technically not necessary cookies is based on the legal basis of your individual personal and voluntary consent according to Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. Data processing up to revocation remains lawful. Please note that if you do not accept cookies that are not technically necessary, individual functions of our website may be restricted.
(cc) Data recipient / access
First-Party-Cookies: Only we as the responsible persons for data processing and site operators have access to thesecookies.
Third party cookies: Only the third party who has set these cookies himself has access to them. For example, only Google has access to a cookie set by Google and can read or modify it.
(dd) Storage duration / deletion options
Session cookies: These only remain temporarily stored in your browser until the end of the browser session or can be deleted by you before then.
Persistent cookies: These remain stored on your terminal device for as long as specified for the respective cookie or can be deleted by you beforehand.
Please note that you can set your browser so that you will be informed about setting of cookies and decide individually about accepting them or exclude acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general. Every browser is different in how it manages cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of every browser, which explains to you how you can change your cookie settings. You can find them for your respective browser under the following links:
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/de/kb/cookies-erlauben-und-ablehnen
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=de&hlrm=en
Safari: https://support.apple.com/de-de/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Opera: https://help.opera.com/de/latest/web-preferences/
A general objection to the use of cookies used for online marketing purposes can be declared for many of the services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US site https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU site https://www.youronlinechoices.com/.
2. b. Cookies used
In the following overview we list the technically necessary first-party cookies used on our website and the purpose of data processing:
_fbp(Persistent Cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 13 weeks
_landing_page(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
orig_referrer(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
secure_session_id (persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 day
_shopify_fs(Persistent Cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 years
_shopify_ga(session cookie) Purpose: xxx Validity period: until the end of the browser session
_shopify_sa_p(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 30 minutes
_shopify_sa_t(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 30 minutes
_shopify_s(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 30 minutes
_shopify_y(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 year
_s(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 30 minutes
_y(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 year
cart_currency(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
cart_sig(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
cart_ts(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
cart_ver(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
cart(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 2 weeks
checkout_token(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 year
checkout(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 3 weeks
country-code(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 4 minutes
geo_data(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 year
language(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 30 minutes
recentlyViewed(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 month
secure_customer_sig(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 20 years
shopify_pay_redirect(persistent cookie) Purpose: xxx Period of validity: 1 hour
3. contacting
If you contact us (e.g. by contact form, e-mail, telephone, fax), personal data will be collected. Which data is collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form. These data are stored and used exclusively for the purpose of answering your request or for contacting you and the associated technical administration. Without this mandatory information we cannot process your request. All other details are voluntary.
Purpose of the processing: to reply to your request
Legal basis: Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO for pre- or contractual matters. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO for your voluntary information. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO for all other inquiries and the use of our technical service providers.
Legitimate interests: The processing of data using service providers is based on our overriding legitimate interest in a secure, prompt and professional response to your request.
Receiver of the data: E-mail service provider for e-mails, hosting provider for contact form requests
Storage period: Your data will be deleted after the final processing of your request. This is the case if it can be deduced from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified and provided that there are no statutory storage obligations to the contrary. In the case of pre-contractual and contractual matters, your inquiry will be stored until the end of the contract and then limited in its processing. If there is no longer a legal reason for storage, the data will be deleted.
4th Newsletter
We send newsletters by email to registered users with information about our company, our products, services, promotions and offers. The newsletter is sent out a maximum of monthly.
Double opt-in procedure: The registration to our newsletter is always done with a so-called Double-Opt-In-Procedure. After registration you will receive an e-mail asking you to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary to check the correctness of your e-mail address. The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes the storage of the registration and confirmation time as well as the IP address.
Purpose of the processing: direct marketing, customer communication
Legal basis: When registering for our newsletter, the applicant gives his consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO).
Right of revocation/ Opt-out: You can cancel the receipt of our newsletter at any time, i.e. revoke your consent by informing us by e-mail (see above under Responsible Person) or by clicking on the link which can be found at the end of each newsletter. This revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that took place on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
Obligation to provide: To send the newsletter, we need at least your valid e-mail address. Otherwise it is not possible to send it.
Duration of storage: Your data will be stored until you cancel your order. After that, they will be restricted in their processing and stored for up to three years in order to be able to prove a previously granted consent in a legally compliant manner. This is done on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f. DSGVO) in proving data protection compliance.
If named below, we use the following service provider for this purpose:
RapidMail
Data recipient: rapidmail GmbH, Augustinerplatz 2, 79098 Freiburg i.Br., https://www.rapidmail.de
Privacy policy of RapidMail:, https://www.rapidmail.de/datenschutz
Legal basis and legitimate interests: The transfer of data is based on our overriding legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO) in the security and stability of a legally compliant newsletter system, including automated double opt-in and verifiability of user registrations.
Transfer to third countries: none
Duration of storage: Your data will be stored until you cancel your order. After that, they will be restricted in their processing and stored for up to three years in order to be able to prove a previously granted consent in a legally compliant manner.
5. opening a customer account
If you open a personal customer account with us for future orders, the following conditions apply:
Purpose of the processing: User contract for the personal customer account.
Legal basis: Vertrag gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO. Your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a DSGVO applies to the data you have voluntarily provided.
Duty to provide: The mandatory information is set out in the registration document. Without these data we cannot open an account for you.
Data recipient: The customer account is managed via our online shop. This is operated by our web hoster (see above).
Storage period: Your data in the customer account will be stored as long as the contract of use with us exists. Voluntary data will be stored until you revoke your agreement. After that, they will be restricted in processing and stored for up to three years in order to be able to prove a previously granted consent in a legally compliant manner. This is done on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f. DSGVO) in the verifiability of data protection compliance.
6. ordering goods or services
6. a. General
Purpose of the processing: execution of your order.
Legal basis: Agreement pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) DSGVO. Your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a DSGVO applies to the data you have voluntarily provided. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO applies to other processing.
Legitimate interests: Debt collection and enforcement; measures for business management and further development of services and products
Data recipient: Web host of the online shop (see above). Shipping and payment service provider. Lawyer, debt collection company, management consultant.
6. b. Payment processing
Purpose of processing: execution of the order. Processing of payment.
Legal basis: Vertrag gemäß Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Obligation to provide: Depending on the selected payment method, you must provide us or the payment service provider with the necessary payment data.
Data recipient: The payment service providers used are listed below:
Amazon Pay
Service provider: Amazon Payments Europe s.c.a., 38 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, https://pay.amazon.de/
Amazon PayPrivacy Policy: https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490
Third country transfer: see Amazon Pay privacy policy: https://pay.amazon.de/help/201212490
Bancontact
Service provider: Bancontact Payconiq Company SA/NV 82, rue d'Arlon , 1040-Brussels, https://www.bancontact.com/en
Privacy policy of Bancontact: https://www.bancontact.com/files/privacy.pdf
Third country transfer: see Bancontact's privacy policy: https://www.bancontact.com/files/privacy.pdf
EPS
Service provider: STUZZA Studiengesellschaft für Zusammenarbeit im Zahlungsverkehr GmbH, Frankgasse 10/8 A-1090 Vienna, https://www.eps-ueberweisung.at/
EPSprivacy policy: https://eservice.stuzza.at/de/datenschutzerklaerung.html
Third country transfer: see EPS privacy policy:
https://eservice.stuzza.at/de/datenschutzerklaerung.html
Klarna
Service provider: Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, https://www.klarna.com/de
Klarna'sprivacy policy: https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
Transfers to third countries: see Klarna's privacy policy:
https://www.klarna.com/de/datenschutz/
PayPal
Service provider: PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, https://www.paypal.com/de
PayPalPrivacy Policy: https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Credit information: PayPal reserves the right to carry out credit information for the payment methods credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or - if offered - "purchase on account" or "payment by instalments" via PayPal. For this purpose, your payment data may be passed on to credit agencies pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis of PayPal's legitimate interest in determining your solvency. PayPal uses the result of the credit assessment with regard to the statistical probability of non-payment to decide on the provision of the respective payment method. The credit report may contain probability values (so-called score values). If score values are included in the result of the credit report, they are based on a scientifically recognized mathematical-statistical procedure. The calculation of score values includes, but is not limited to, address data.
immediate transfer
Service provider:Sofort GmbH,Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 Munich, https://www.sofort.de
Privacy policy of Sofort: https://www.sofort.de/datenschutz.html
Third country transfer: see Sofort's privacy policy:
https://www.sofort.de/datenschutz.html
6. c. Shipping processing
Purpose of processing: execution of the order. Delivery of the goods. Notification of the delivery. Tracking and tracing.
Legal basis: Name, address and possibly telephone number: Contract pursuant to Article 6(1)(b) of the DPA Forwarding of the e-mail address to dispatch service providers: Consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Obligation to provide: Without name, address and telephone number, if applicable, the respective shipping company cannot deliver the goods to you. You will not receive any tracking information from the shipping company without your consent to pass on your e-mail address to the shipping company.
Data recipient: The shipping service providers used are listed below:
DHL(Deutsche Post AG, Charles-de-Gaulle-Straße 20, 53113 Bonn, Germany)
6. d. Direct mail
Purpose of processing: direct advertising, sales promotion
Legal basis: Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO
Legitimate interests: Direct advertising, sales promotion
Data recipient: Agency, Lettershop
6. e. Legal obligation
Purpose of the processing: fulfilment of legal obligations (e.g. obligations to provide information, notification, disclosure and retention, payment of taxes and duties)
Legal basis: The respective legal regulation in conjunction with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c DSGVO applies.
Data recipients: authorities, state institutions, tax consultants
7. web analysis
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Ltd. (Google). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files which are stored on the user's computer and which enable an analysis of their use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website by the user is usually transferred to the parent company of Google in the USA and stored there.
Our Internet presence uses Google Analytics exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeIp()", which ensures anonymization of the IP address by shortening it and excludes any direct personal reference. Through the extension, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to Google's parent company in the USA and shortened there.
Purposes of the processing: Tracking (e.g. interest/behavioural profiling), visitor action evaluation, interest-based and behaviour-based marketing, profiling (creation of user profiles), conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of marketing measures), reach measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors). These purposes apply both to us and to Google and its parent company.
Legal basis: For the use of Google Analytics, you may give us your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO, which you can revoke at any time with effect for the future by deselecting "Marketing" or "Google Analytics" in the cookie settings on our site.
Duration of storage: We store the anonymised data thus obtained for a maximum period of 14 months. After this period, the data is automatically deleted. Regarding the storage period by Google, we refer to their privacy policy.
Data recipient: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Privacy informationfrom Google for Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
Third country transfer: As far as data is not transferred anonymously to Google LLC, the data processing is carried out in the USA.
Google Tag Manager
On our website we use the Google Tag Manager of the company Google. The Google Tag Manager is an online tool that allows us to integrate and manage website tags centrally and through a single user interface. Tags are small sections of code that record your activities on our website, for example. For this purpose JavaScript code sections are inserted into the source code of our website. The tags come, for example, from Google Ads or Google Analytics, but tags from other companies can also be integrated and managed via the Manager. Such tags take over different tasks. They can collect browser data, integrate buttons, set cookies and also track users across multiple websites. In the account settings of the Tag Manager we have allowed Google to receive anonymized data from us. However, this only concerns the use and usage of our Tag Manager and not your data, which is stored via the code sections.
Purposes of the processing: Tracking (e.g. interest/behavioural profiling), visitor action evaluation, interest-based and behaviour-based marketing, profiling (creation of user profiles), conversion measurement (measurement of the effectiveness of marketing measures), reach measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors). These purposes apply both to us and to Google and its parent company. As far as we know, Google also uses the data collected in this way (anonymised) for its own purposes. In this respect we refer to the Google data protection declaration.
Legal bases and legitimate interests: For the integration of the Google Tag Manager on our website, this processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behaviour for optimisation and marketing purposes. The use of the various tags is then carried out according to the separately described sections with the express consent of the user.
Storage duration: Regarding the storage duration by Google, we refer to their privacy policy.
Data recipient: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Third country transfer: As far as data is not transferred anonymously to Google LLC, the data processing is carried out in the USA.
8. retargeting, remarketing
AdRoll
Our website uses the retargeting technology of AdRoll Advertising Ltd, Level 6, 1, Burlington Plaza, Burlington Road, Dublin 4, Ireland ("AdRoll"). This makes it possible to specifically contact visitors of our website who are already interested in our shop and our products with personalised, interest-oriented marketing. The advertisements will be displayed based on a cookie-based analysis of earlier user behaviour. In cases of retargeting technology, a cookie will be placed on your computer or mobile end device in order to record pseudonymised data concerning your interests and to thereby adjust marketing to the recorded information. These cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile end device. This way, you will be shown advertisements that are highly likely to correspond to your product and information interests. If the collected information has a person reference, processing takes place in accordance with point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR based on our legitimate interest in displaying personalised advertisements and market research.
You may permanently object to the placement of cookies for advertisement specifications by using the option of the opt-out cookie provided on the following page:
https://www.adrollgroup.com/de-DE/privacy
Further information and the privacy policy regarding advertising and AdRoll Advertising Ltd ("AdRoll") can be found here: https://www.adrollgroup.com/de-DE/privacy
RTB Market
Our Internet presence uses the retargeting tool of Easymedia GmbH, Löhner Straße 12d 44652 Herne, http://www.rtbmarkt.de. Here, data is exclusively anonymised and never stored or processed in connection with information about your person. This data is used to offer the user personalised product recommendations etc. in advertising banners. All data is linked exclusively to the user's browser via so-called cookies. If the user deletes the Easymedia GmbH cookie or uses another computer or browser, this link is no longer present.
Furthermore, the user can explicitly deactivate this service for his or her current browser without deleting the cookies completely. No more anonymous data will then be stored and processed and the user will no longer receive personalised product recommendations via this service.
The privacy policy of RTBMarkt is available here: https://login.rtbmarket.com/gdpr
9th live chat
Tawk.to
Our website uses technologies of SMS SIA, Tirgonu iela, 6, Riga, Latvia, LV1050,(https://www.tawk.to/). For this purpose, anonymized data is collected and stored for the purpose of web analysis and for operating the live chat system to answer live support requests. From this anonymized data, user profiles can be created under a pseudonym. Cookies can be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the visitor's Internet browser. The cookies enable the recognition of the Internet browser. If the information collected in this way contains a personal reference, it is processed in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 letter f DSGVO on the basis of our justified interest in effective customer service and the statistical analysis of user behaviour for optimisation purposes. The data collected with tawk.to technologies will not be used to personally identify the visitor of this website and will not be merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym without the separately granted consent of the person concerned. In order to avoid the storage of tawk.to cookies, you can set your internet browser in such a way that no cookies can be stored on your computer in the future or that already stored cookies are deleted. However, switching off all cookies may mean that some functions on our website can no longer be executed. You can object to the collection and storage of data for the purpose of creating a pseudonymised user profile at any time with effect for the future by sending us your objection informally by e-mail to the e-mail address given in the imprint.
10. social media plug-ins
Our website uses social plugins from various social networks. In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of integration ensures that no connection to the servers of the respective social network is established when a page of our website containing such buttons is called up. When you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the social network page. If necessary, after entering your login data, you can then execute the function provided (e.g. "link" or "share").
By clicking on the respective plugin, you give us your personal consent for data transfer to the respective social network. In particular, your IP address is transferred to the respective social network. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The data processing up to the revocation remains lawful. The revocation is only valid for the future.
The following social networks are used:
Facebook
Data recipient: Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"), parent company: Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, 94025 Menlo Park, California, USA
Shared responsibility: We have concluded an agreement with Facebook on shared responsibility for processing personal data, which can be viewed here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
Privacy policyof Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Transfer tothird countries: As far as non-anonymised data is transferred to Facebook Inc., the data processing takes place in the USA.
Objection: Further settings and objections to the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
Instagram
Instagram is a service of Facebook
Data recipient: Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Facebook"), parent company: Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, 94025 Menlo Park, California, USA
Shared responsibility: We have concluded an agreement with Facebook on shared responsibility for processing personal data, which can be viewed here: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
InstagramPrivacy Policy: https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy
Transfer tothird countries: As far as non-anonymised data is transferred to Facebook Inc., the data processing takes place in the USA.
Objection: Further settings and objections to the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Instagram profile settings: https://www.instagram.com/accounts/privacy_and_security/
Twitter
Data recipient: Twitter International Company, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland ("Twitter"), parent company: Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
Privacy policyof Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
Transfer tothird countries: As far as non-anonymised data is transferred to Twitter Inc., the data processing takes place in the USA.
11. online videos
YouTube videos
Our website uses the embedding function of YouTube, which belongs to Google Ireland Ltd. (Google). When you visit a web page with embedded YouTube video, a connection to YouTube servers is established. This tells YouTube which pages you visit. If you are logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube can associate your browsing behavior with you personally. You can prevent this by first logging out of your YouTube account. When a YouTube video is launched, Google uses cookies that collect information about user behavior. For more information about the purpose and extent of data collection and processing by YouTube, please see Google's privacy policy.
Purpose of the processing: Provision of a comprehensive and professional online offer, also with videos. User-friendly replay possibility without changing the website. Speed of video playback.
Legal basis: For the use of YouTube, you may give us your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO, which you can revoke at any time with effect for the future by deselecting "External Media" or "YouTube" in the cookie settings on our site. Google's evaluation is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f DSGVO on the basis of Google's legitimate interests in the display of personalised advertising, market research and/or the needs-based design of its website. You have a right of objection to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
Duration of storage: We store the anonymised data thus obtained for a maximum period of 14 months. After this period, the data is automatically deleted. Regarding the storage period by Google, we refer to their privacy policy.
Data recipient: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
Privacy policy of Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Possibility of appeal (opt-out plug-in): https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Third country transfer: As far as data is not transferred anonymously to Google LLC, the data processing is carried out in the USA.
12. web fonts
Our Internet presence uses so-called web fonts for the uniform presentation of fonts, which are provided by the respective provider. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose, the browser you use must connect to the servers of the respective provider. Through this, the provider is informed that our website has been accessed via your IP address. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is loaded from your computer.
Purpose of processing: Uniform presentation of our Internet presence in all media
Legal basis and legitimate interests: The integration is based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f. DSGVO) in a technically secure, maintenance-free and efficient use of fonts, their uniform presentation and taking into account possible restrictions under licensing law for their integration.
We use webfonts from the following providers:
Google
Data recipient: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland Parent company: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
Privacy policyof Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Third country transfer: As far as data is not transferred anonymously to Google LLC, the data processing is carried out in the USA.
Adobe Fonts
Data recipients: Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland Parent company: Adobe Inc., Adobe 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA
AdobePrivacy Policy: https://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/policy.html
Special information about Adobe Fonts: https://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/policies/adobe-fonts.html
Transfer tothird countries: Unless anonymized data is transferred to Adobe Inc., data processing is carried out in the USA.
What data protection rights do I have?
As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Confirmation of data processing: You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether your personal data will be processed. The prerequisites for this can be found in Art. 15 DSGVO;
Information: You have the right to request information about your personal data processed by us. The prerequisites for this can be found in Art. 15 DSGVO;
Correction: You have the right to request immediately the correction of any inaccurate personal data concerning you. The prerequisites for this can be found in Art. 16 DSGVO;
Deletion: You have the right to request the immediate deletion of personal data concerning you. You will find the prerequisites for this in Art. 17 DSGVO;
Limitation of processing: You have the right to request that your personal data be restricted. You will find the prerequisites for this in Art. 18 DSGVO;
Data transferability: You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to have this data transferred by us to another responsible person. The prerequisites for this can be found in Art. 20 DSGVO;
Revocation of consents: You have the right to revoke your consent at any time if the processing is based on Art. 6 (1) lit. a or Art. 9 (2) lit. a DSGVO. Data processing until revocation remains legal. The revocation is only valid for the future. The prerequisites for this can be found in Art. 7 (3) DSGVO;
Complaints: You have the right, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of personal data relating to you is in breach of the DSGVO. The conditions for this are set out in Art. 77 DSGVO. You can contact the supervisory authority responsible for the person responsible or the supervisory authority in your country or federal state. A list of all supervisory authorities can be found here: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
Right of objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which we process on the basis of our overriding legitimate interest (Art. 6 (1) lit. e or f DSGVO), with effect for the future; this also applies to profiling based on this provision within the meaning of Art. 4 No. 4 DSGVO. If you lodge an objection, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to object to the processing of data for direct marketing and product evaluation purposes
We collect and process your personal data in order to carry out direct advertising. You have the right to object, at any time, to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such direct marketing, including profiling, to the extent it is connected with such direct marketing.
In individual cases, we process and use your personal data to send you a product evaluation and/or other evaluation requests by e-mail, which are exclusively related to your purchase, conclusion and/or other similar transactions. In addition, we may also use your e-mail address and/or postal address in this context to send you product recommendations by e-mail and/or by post on similar goods and/or services offered by us. You will receive these evaluation requests and product recommendations from us regardless of whether you have subscribed to a newsletter.
Exercise of objection: You may object to these evaluation requests and product recommendations at any time by sending a letter to DEGELER GmbH & Co. KG, Frankfurter Str. 63 A, 63322 Rödermark or by e-mail toinfo@DEGELER.com and/or at the end of each evaluation and/or product recommendation e-mail with effect for the future without incurring any costs other than the respective transmission costs according to the basic tariffs. Your right of objection shall automatically also apply to any profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct mailings. If you object to processing for the purpose of product evaluation and/or other evaluation requests and/or product recommendations, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes with effect for the future.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes in the future.
How long will my data be stored?
Unless otherwise regulated above, the following criteria for determining the storage period shall apply:
In the case of consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter a FADP, the data is stored until the person concerned revokes his or her consent.
In the case of pre- and contractual purposes in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 letter b DSGVO, the data will be stored until the end of the contract.
In the event of our overriding legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 letter f DSGVO, the data will be stored until the data subject exercises his or her right to object pursuant to Art. 21 Para. 1 DSGVO, unless we can prove compelling reasons for processing which are worthy of protection and which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
In the case of direct advertisingpursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 letter f DSGVO, the data shall be stored until the person concerned exercises his or her right of objection pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2, 3 DSGVO.
Otherwise, personal data is only stored as long as there is a legal reason for storing it.
VII. source of personal data
We process personal data that we have received from you or the recipients of personal data.
VIII. Obligation to provide data
Within the scope of the performance of our contractual or statutory obligations, you, as the party concerned, may be legally obliged to provide our company with information and personal data which are necessary for the establishment, implementation and termination of the contractual relationship and the fulfilment of the associated contractual obligations or which we are legally obliged to collect. Without this data, we will generally have to refuse to conclude the contract or will no longer be able to execute an existing contract and may have to terminate it.
Proof of copyright
Data protection information Copyright 2020 Lawyer Marc Oliver Giel