https://www.kachina-dolls.com/terms/
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
SearchAdvancedAccount WishlistLog InWelcome to Kachina Dolls: A SilverTribe.com Company Kachina Dolls Logo Home
Navajo Kachinas
Hopi Kachinas
All Kachinas
Bear Kachina Dolls
Badger Kachina Dolls
Buffalo Kachina Dolls
Chasing Star Kachina Dolls
Chief Kachina Dolls
Crow Mother Kachina Dolls
Eagle Kachina Dolls
Hemis Kachina Dolls
Hoop Dancer Kachina Dolls
Hototo Kachina Dolls
Hummingbird Kachina Dolls
Kokopelli Kachina Dolls
Morning Singer Kachinas
Mudhead Kachina Dolls
Ogre Kachina Dolls
Owl Kachina Dolls
Rainbow Kachina Dolls
Sunface Kachina Dolls
Warrior Kachina Dolls
Wolf Kachina Dolls
POTTERY
Gift Cards
Free Shipping
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsWelcome to Kachina-Dolls.com™, we appreciate your business! The following terms and conditions are agreed upon by both you and Kachina-Dolls.com upon engaging in business. In accessing and/or using the Kachina-Dolls.com website you are acknowledging and consenting to this agreement. By purchasing and ordering products or services from Kachina-Dolls.com you are also consenting to this agreement. If you do not want to enter into this agreement with Kachina-Dolls.com, you must not access, use, or purchase from the website under any circumstances.General Terms and ConditionsAt Kachina-Dolls.com™, we want you to be satisfied with your purchase in quality, service, and experience. If you are not completely satisfied with a purchased product, we accept returns and exchanges as specified in our return policy that dictates that within 30 days, an exchange or full refund is available. Be aware that any item that has been sized or in any way altered by a third party, scratched, dented or otherwise is deemed non-returnable and is not covered under our return policy. Such purchases are sold as-is and will not be eligible for a refund or exchange unless Kachina-Dolls.com explicitly grants permission in writing (electronic or otherwise). After 30 days, Kachina-Dolls.com disclaims all warranties to the full extent permissible by law.The use of Kachina-Dolls.com is limited to individuals aged 18 years or older by federal law. Those between the ages of (minimum) 13 and 18 may legally use the website with permission from their parent(s) or legal guardian(s). By visiting and/or ordering products on this website, you consent that you meet our age requirements.By using (browsing, purchasing, and otherwise) this website, you are also consenting to abide by all rules, regulations, statutes, laws and ordinances, pertaining to your use of Kachina-Dolls.com. By entering into this agreement, you warrant that you will not use the website for any purpose that is either unlawful or prohibited by this agreement. You may not use any of Kachina-Dolls.com’s services in a manner that could possibly disable, overburden or impair our server or the networks connected thereto. You may not try to gain unauthorized access to services, other accounts, or networks through hacking, password mining, doxing, or any other unethical or unlawful means.By registering an account with Kachina-Dolls.com, you consent that it is your sole responsibility to maintain security of your account information and password. If your account information is shared (purposefully or otherwise) by you, we are not responsible for any purchases or other activities made by a third party. You consent to be financially responsible for all of your use on this website.You also consent to provide your legal name, a valid address, a valid phone number and a valid email address when registering an account. You must also provide valid credit card information when needed and you are responsible for updating your contact information and shipping address as needed. Kachina-Dolls.com is not responsible for updating any personal account information.Kachina-Dolls.com does not charge to access our website from a mobile or tablet device. However, your mobile carrier's data, Internet, or text-messaging plan may charge for such usage. You are responsible for all fees incurred through your mobile services carrier. Our mobile services are not guaranteed to be compatible with all phones or providers. You agree that Kachina-Dolls.com may communicate with you via SMS, MMS or other means of electronic communication. Certain information about your mobile services usage may be communicated to Kachina-Dolls.com. We do not guarantee that mobile services will be available at all times and in certain areas. No data you transmit via mobile device can be considered 100 percent secure. You agree that your use of mobile services is at your own risk, even during the transmission of personal information. This site is not responsible for any third party access and usage of your mobile device.Pricing and OrderingAll pricing you see on Kachina-Dolls.com is listed in United States Dollars (USD). Other pricing is unavailable. Shipping, handling and sales tax (when applicable) will also be added to the cost of your order total in USD. As a business, we reserve the right to discontinue or change specifications and prices on products and services without prior notice and without incurring any obligation to you. Descriptions of or references to products or services on the website do not constitute a warrantee or guarantee of any kind. If there are existing errors in a description of a product, we will not be held responsible, but we will do our best not to have such errors, as well as fix them in a timely manner. An order receipt or confirmation does not constitute Kachina-Dolls.com’s acceptance of an order. You consent that we reserve the right at any time after your receipt to accept or decline your order, even after receipt of your order and a confirmation from us. We reserve the right to limit the order quantity or refuse service to any customer at any time without prior notification for any reason.You consent that video content may or may not reflect current pricing.This website offers a large selection of Navajo Kachina Dolls and Hopi Kachina Dolls. It is the responsibility of the buyer to know the laws of their State or Country regarding the purchase and shipment of Items with Claws, Skulls, feathers or other questionable materials. We are not responsible for items seized by customs or quarantine agencies.Before we ship your product, we assure it is polished and clean. By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you give us the right to remove stickers and/or other packaging needed to ensure the product is delivered to you in the best condition possible. This may include ink, tags, stickers and other packaging or writing, which will be removed at our discretion when needed. The primary purpose of this practice is to ensure you are receiving the best quality product.If any products are listed with an incorrect price for any reason, we reserve the right to cancel an order or refuse orders placed for a product listed at an incorrect price, even if the order has been placed and your credit card charged. If your credit card was charged and your order refused or cancelled, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of your cancelled order as soon as possible.PaymentsFor payment upon purchase, Kachina-Dolls.com accepts the following: PayPal (with confirmed, valid address), Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express or money orders and cashier checks through the postal mail. Payment must be received by our office within the ten days after the initial order is placed. If it is not, the purchase will be considered abandoned. If payment is NOT received within the specified period of time, Kachina-Dolls.com reserves the right to cancel the order without notification at any time within the ten days. For additional help or questions on how to process a payment, please contact us at 888-659-2227. Arizona Residents pay applicable tax as dictated by current Arizona law.Shipping PolicyIf an item is lost in the mailing process, the customer will collect money from us after we collect money from the mailing service. We will be as helpful as possible during the process. You consent that when an item is transported via a third party, unexpected issues can occur that are out of our control.By purchasing an item or using this website, you consent that all risk of loss and title for any products listed on this site purchased by you and shipped by Kachina-Dolls.com will pass to you once the item reaches the carrier for delivery to your listed address. The risk of loss and title for products purchased by you and shipped by any of Kachina-Dolls.com’s vendors will pass from the vendor to you upon delivery to the carrier for the carrier's delivery to you. As a service to our customers, Kachina-Dolls.com will assume responsibility for damage or loss in transit or non-deliveries upon receiving a valid written claim within 30 days of the shipment date or 20 days from the date the item was delivered to your specified address. Our assumption of responsibility is terminated and invalid if we do not receive a timely valid written claim. Kachina-Dolls.com’s responsibility is limited to replacement of the merchandise, or at our sole discretion, return of the purchase minus the shipping charges. Any package that is signed for at your specified address will be considered delivered.Additional Terms and ConditionsYou agree that Kachina-Dolls.com reserves the right to change and amend any of these terms and conditions at any time without prior or post notice. Amendments or changes to these policies will become effective immediately upon being posted to the website. It is your responsibility to review the website for modifications to this agreement. Your continuous access of this website and placement of orders after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of changes or additions to our terms and conditions. All text, images, logos, descriptions, graphics, photos and other material on this website, collectively considered "content" can be discontinued, corrected, deleted, updated or changed at any time without prior or post notice. This includes changes in pricing at any time. Unless otherwise noted, all content on this website is the sole property of Kachina-Dolls.com and protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks and other proprietary rights. Unless we agree in writing, your use of content is limited to persona, non-commercial use in connection with shopping for and ordering products on this website. Any use other than that specified in this agreement is strictly prohibited. Unauthorized use may violate state and/or federal laws and regulations, including copyright, trademark, privacy laws and statutes regarding communications statutes and regulations.Be aware that Kachina-Dolls.com will aggressively enforce intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. Any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions in content are not binding unless specifically indicated. You agree that Kachina-Dolls.com provides content for information purposes only to the consumer.You consent not to take any action that would put an unreasonable load on our infrastructure that may impose on our ability to serve our customers. Use of robots, spiders, scrapers, doxing, or other means to access the website for any purpose without express written permission from Kachina-Dolls.com is strictly prohibited. Any attempt, purposefully or otherwise, to interfere with the functionality and/or accessibility of this website in any way is strictly prohibited.Be aware that any information submitted to this website by users, which includes questions, comments, or suggestions will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary in nature.Links to any third-party Internet sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the content, policies or practices of linked sites. This includes the accuracy of content on linked sites as well as the privacy policies and practices. Links are provided for customer convenience; however, you agree to enter linked websites at your own risk with no guarantee of accuracy from Kachina-Dolls.com.By using this website, you consent to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Kachina-Dolls.com and its affiliates, employees, officers, directors and agents from any claim, losses, damages, liabilities, costs or demand, including attorney fees, arising out of or related to your breach of contract with this agreement, or your access to or use of the website. The indemnification obligation will survive termination of this agreement as well as the website and its products or services relating to your usage of the website.If any part of this agreement is breached or disregarded, Kachina-Dolls.com may issue a warning, suspend, or terminate your membership and refuse services to you and may pursue all other rights and remedies applicable under state and federal law or equity. We reserve the right to discontinue or terminate an account or an order for any reason at any time.We make no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to the website itself, the content on this website or any linked website(s). This includes the availability of any website or the content, information and materials; including the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of that content, information and materials. We do not warrant or guarantee that your access to this website or any linked website will be free of interruptions, errors or omissions. We do not guarantee that defects will be corrected. All content on the website is provided "AS-IS." The as-is condition of this website is an express condition of any and all transactions arising through this website, whereas this exclusion of warrantee is applicable under local laws.Under no circumstance will Kachina-Dolls.com, its employees, agents, suppliers, or affiliates be liable to you or any other third party for indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive damages, lost profits, or business interruption whether in contract or in tort, including negligence, arising in any way from any product or service sold or provided on Kachina-Dolls.com, even when Kachina-Dolls.com is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. Kachina-Dolls.com's liability in no event, purposeful or otherwise, shall exceed the price you paid for a product or service that is the subject of a claim.Email policyBe advised that communication with Kachina-Dolls.com via email is not expressly confidential. Employees of this website may view and/or reply to all emails delivered to Kachina-Dolls.com Be advised that we do not encourage private information to be communicated via email. Kachina-Dolls.com is not responsible for any user error, purposeful or otherwise, resulting in email confidentially issues.Customer Support1-888-659-2227InformationAbout UsPrivacy PolicyReturn PolicyShipping InformationTerms and ConditionsContact UsCustomer ReviewsResourcesHow are Kachina Dolls Made? Kachina Doll MeaningsSubscribe to Our Newsletter
Subscribe © 2019 Kachina-Dolls.com