http://www.azibaza.com/terms.php
Privacy Policy and term of use
How to order ? How to pay ?
azibaza.com collects customer information to enhance your shopping experience. This privacy policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we gather about you when you visit our website and the safeguards we have in place for that information.
Information We Collect
General Browsing Information
azibaza.com gathers navigational information during each visitor's use of our website. In the process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected. The navigational information tells azibaza.com about the use of our website by visitors, including the areas of our site that are most visited or the time of a last visit to a page on our site. It also tells us about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e. the time it takes a visitor to connect to our website or download pages). The navigational information helps us better understand a visitor's experience and improve upon that experience.
Personal Information
azibaza may ask you to provide personal information when you establish a contact azibaza.com, inquire about an item, create a wish list, subscribe to our newsletter. Categories of information collected include name, location, email address.
Our Use of Personal Information We Collect
azibaza uses the personal information we collect from you for the following purposes:
to deliver products that you have ordered.
to quote shipping cost.
to respond to your inquiries.
to send you our newsletter if you clicked the "I'll receive the only once a month azibaza.com newsletter" case
Information We Share With Third Parties:
NONE
Cookies and Pixel Tags:
azibaza.com does not use cookies.
Copyright Notice and use of Website:
The design of This "Website" and all text, graphics, information, content, processes, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from This Website are protected by copyright and trademark laws. The contents (including without limitation, the look and feel, all text, photographs, images, video and audio) of This Website are © 1999, azibaza. All rights reserved. You may not modify the information or materials displayed on or that can be downloaded from This Website in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such information or materials for any public or commercial purpose. You may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit This Website. Any unauthorized use of any such information or materials may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, laws of privacy and publicity, and other laws and regulations and is prohibited. In the event of a violation of these laws and regulations, azibaza reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity. azibaza reserves the right to block or deny access to This Website to anyone at any time for any reason.
Trademarks:
azibaza retain all rights regarding its trademark. Your misuse of the trademark displayed on This Website is strictly prohibited.
Products, Content and Specifications
All features, content, specifications, products and prices of products and services described or depicted on This Website are subject to change at any time without notice. azibaza makes all reasonable efforts to accurately display the attributes of its products, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. The inclusion of any products or services on This Website at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time.
Accuracy of Information:
We attempt to ensure that information on this Website is complete, accurate and current. Despite our efforts, the information on this Website may occasionally be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. We make no representation as to the completeness or accuracy of any information on this Website. For example, products included on this Website may be unavailable. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. We also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order.
Linking to this Website:
Creating or maintaining any link from another Website to any page on this Website without our prior written permission is prohibited. Running or displaying this Website or any information or material displayed on this Website in frames or through similar means on another Website without our prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Website must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations.
Subscribe to our monthly newsletter to receive updates on new arrivals
and special offers
You can also follow us on our social media
Read the last newsabout Asian antiques and Buddha images in our blog
The Burmese harp and the tales of the Buddha’s previous lives
1,300-year-old Temple discovered by Pakistani and Italian archaeologists in Northwest Pakistan, was built in Hindu Shahi period
Chinese Bronzes Takes Gold & Silver For Lark Mason Associates
Vietnam. Visit Som Rong, a pagoda that combines traditional and modern Khmer culture