https://www.nutrolls.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Baking Memories Since 1978
Home |
Log In |
0 item(s) - $0.00 |
Checkout
FREE SHIPPINGon all orders over $50.00
Quick Links
Home
New Products
Featured Products
All Products
Specials
F.A.Q's
Reward Points
Shop
Rolls
Gift Certificates
Gift Ideas
Newsletter Specials
Brands
Marie's Nutcrac..
About Us
Welcome to Marie's Nutcracker Sweet, Inc. Nut Roll Online!
We are a family owned and operated artisan bakery specializing in Nut Roll, Poppyseed Roll, and several other flavors of rolls. Located in the East Hills region of Johnstown, PA we are aproximately 60 miles south east of Pittsburgh and we have been serving the retail and wholesale communities Since 1978!
Info
General Info
About Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Customers
Log In
Create Account
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Useful Links
Reward Points
F.A.Q's
Free Gift Offers
Holiday Ordering
In The News
Nut Roll Defined
Connect
Become a Fan
Follow Us
Subscribe
Pin with Us
Recommend Us
Our Blog
Service
Shipping
All prices shown are FOB Johnstown PA. We will be happy to ship your order by the carrier of your choice: USPS Priority Mail, or FedEx. Shipping and Handling charges are easily calculated by selecting the Estimate Shipping button in your shopping cart. You are of course able to arrange for pick-up right at the bakery as long as you enter a Pennsylvania shipping address.
Shop with Confidence
We gladly accept MasterCard, Visa or PayPal for your online purchase processed through our SSL Secured store. You may also pay by personal check by mail. Simply choose that payment option at check out. If you are scheduling a Pick-Up and would like to pay by PayPal or credit card, please process your order and payment through the store online. We are not able to process credit card payments at the bakery.
Reviews  [more]
Keep one in the freezer for company. They'll think you are...
Previous Orders
Track your orders
Home ::
Conditions of Use
A Message from Marie’s Nutcracker Sweet
As a small, family owned business with a patriarch who is immune compromised as the result of a kidney transplant, we have always been sensitive to reducing the spread of germs. We will continue to follow CDC and PA Department of Health guidelines for proper hand washing and sanitation of our work space. Our limited staff is family and we will continue to monitor them for any signs of illness before allowing them to work. Our facility has little to no foot traffic and the nature of our retail business has always been mail order or pick up by appointment only.
We will continue to ship orders as usual. For anyone in our local area who would like to order rolls, we can make special accommodations based on your circumstances. You may choose to pick up at either our Richland or Windber locations. At either location we can bring your order to your car. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or concerns and thank you for your continued support of our small business.
Conditions of Use
General Terms
Users are encouraged to peruse this Site, but must recognize that its content is protected by United States copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws and may not be mirrored, redistributed, printed, publicly performed or displayed, reproduced in bulk, or archived without advance written permission from Marie's Nutcracker Sweet.
This Site was created, and is maintained, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, United States of America. If User accesses this Site from outside the United States, that access is made at User's own risk. User is responsible for compliance with the laws of User's jurisdiction. Use of the Site, the Terms and Conditions of use, and all other aspects of the operation and functionality of the Site shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without giving effect to its rules regarding conflicts of laws. Marie's Nutcracker Sweet and User hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Pennsylvania for any action, claim, or cause arising out of or related to the use of the Site and any Products or Services obtained through the Site.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not impair the validity of the remaining Terms and Conditions.
No waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further waiver of any other provision thereof.
Copyright and Ownership of MaterialsExcept where otherwise noted, all materials and information on the Site, as well as any unique visual or functional elements of the Site, are copyrighted and are protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. They may not be copied, reproduced, modified, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without Marie's Nutcracker Sweet's prior written permission.
Indemnity
User agrees to indemnify and hold Marie's Nutcracker Sweet, its agents, affiliates, and assigns, harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liability, cost, or expense (including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees) relating to or arising from:
1. The violation or breach of these Terms and Conditions;
2. Violation or infringement of any third-party's rights, including but not limited to copyrights and proprietary and privacy rights, resulting from User's breach of these Terms and Conditions;
3. Any violation of applicable federal, state, or local law, regulation, or ordinance resulting from User's breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Verified Merchant
Sponsors
Testimonials
From a VERY Satisfied Customer...Hello.........
I just want to let you know
that I am just thrilled with you, your products AND...Read More ->Best Tasting Nut Rolls in the USMy package arrived safely today in Cumberland, Maryland.
My parents and I could not wait to eat one for Easter, so we tasted one [nut roll] after...Read More ->Best nut-rolls everI just found out about these nutrolls and I've lived in Johnstown for 45 years. I stopped at there store and got one to try. It's the best I've ever...Read More ->DeliciousJust wanted to let you know that I ordered 3 nuts rolls for my mom for Easter and she loved them. My grandmother made them and my mom is very picky...Read More ->THANK YOU!!!!!
THANK YOU!!!!THANK YOU!!!!!
THANK YOU!!!!
We ordered 3 Poppy Seed, 2 Nut, 2 Apricot, 1 pineapple and cream cheese,!!
Oh my Gosh,
How wonderful they are!!!!!...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Shop with Confidence
Contact Information814-269-4271Email Us
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer SupportContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy AccountUseful Links Holiday Ordering
Affiliates Program
Distributor Program
Scheduled Events
Copyright © 2020 Marie's Nutcracker Sweet, Inc. Support Provided by nLinkSolution.com