https://www.fitnessplus.com/policies/
Home
Policies
Policies
ALL online orders are processed by PULSE FITNESS GROUP USA.
PAYMENT OPTIONS
Credit Cards: American Express, Discover, Visa, Master Card
Checks: Checks must be drawn from a U.S. bank - Make payable to Pulse Fitness Group
Money orders: Make payable to Pulse Fitness Group
Pulse Fitness Group charges $25.00 for customer checks returned for any reason.
Send Check Payment To:
Pulse Fitness Group
310 South St.
Plainville, MA 02762
866.965.4653
By Wire:
Bank of America Wiring Info:
Account: 004666094485
ABA/Routing: 026009593
ACH: 011000138
Swift Code: BOFAUS3N (international)
Beneficiary
The Pulse Group USA, Inc
310 South Street – Unit 5
Plainville, MA 02762
Bank Address
Bank of America
48 N Washington Street
North Attleborough, MA 02760
Fitnessplus.com uses 128-bit encryption to protect your credit card information and does not release your information to any outside entities. You can place your order online for a secure transaction or by calling toll free US 1-866-965-4653 or Outside the US 1-631-478-6687. Please have your credit card ready when you call.
Please provide the following information
1. Full Name as it Appears on Credit Card
2. Mailing Address for Credit Card Used
3. Shipping Address
4. Telephone Number
6. Email Address
7. Items you Wish to Order
8. Credit Card Number, Expiration Date, Security Code
PURCHASE ORDERS
Purchase Orders will be accepted from any municipality to begin an order only. We must receive your check and it must clear before shipment.
PURCHASE POLICY
Pulse Fitness requires payment in full to begin order unless other arrangements have been approved. After receipt of payment, please note, there will be a 2-6 week lead time for remanufactured equipment (not reconditioned), depending on the type of equipment and the remanufacturing required. Larger orders might require a longer lead time. You will be notified when your product is ready to ship.
If executing this agreement on behalf of a corporation, general, or limited partnership, or any other legal entity, you must provide the following statement, 'I declare that I am fully authorized to execute the purchase of fitness equipment as stated on the invoice and do so on behalf of (name of corporation, general, or limited partnership, or any other legal entity) signed and dated.
All disputes relating to or arising from this invoice or the equipment or services provided by Pulse Fitness Group to Customer shall be brought to the State of Massachusetts or, alternatively, the U.S. District Court, MA and Customer expressly waives all objections to venue in those courts. Customer shall pay all of court costs and attorneys' fees incurred by Pulse Fitness Group to collect sums due for equipment and services, or if Customer is found liable for any breach of this invoice or any agreement between the parties, is ordered to pay any damages in contract or at law, or if Pulse Fitness Group obtains injunctive relief against Customer.
LEASING
Lease purchase orders will be accepted on a case by case basis. Approved leasing companies must prefund to process an order. Verbal acceptance of equipment must occur within 24 hours of delivery.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
Shipping and handling rates vary depending on the weight of equipment purchased and shipping address.
After receipt of payment, we require 2-6 weeks to re manufacture your equipment, depending on the type of equipment and the remanufacturing required. You will be notified when your product is ready for shipment.  there will be a 2-6 weeks lead time to recondition your equipment,
• Your freight quote does not include inside delivery unless specified.
• Your facility must be accessible to a 70ft truck.
• You must have doors wide enough for drivers to get your equipment through without disassembly.
• No stairs.
Pulse Fitness Group arranges delivery of your order on your behalf per your request.
Pulse Fitness Group is not responsible for any damage incurred during shipping of your order. If any freight damage occurs, the recipient is responsible for noting all freight damage on the Bill of Lading with the carrier at the time of delivery. Pulse Fitness Group is not responsible for the outcome of any possible freight damage claims.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING INFORMATION
The following information is required in order to quote shipping cost:
* Name
* Email
* Phone
* Address
* Nearest Port to your location
SALES TAX
Massachusetts
ALL OTHER STATES NO SALES TAX
If you hold a Tax Exemption Certificate OR a Resale Certificate kindly email sales@fitnessplus.com
CANCELLATION
All cancellations must be in writing prior to shipment/delivery of equipment. A 20% restocking fee will be charged on the sale amount and will be paid to Pulse Fitness Group.
REFUNDS
Customer service is our goal. However, no refunds will be given on the purchase of any pre-owned fitness equipment after delivery/shipping.
We are proud to supply our customers with the very best new and remanufactured fitness equipment at the lowest prices possible. If you are purchasing remanufactured equipment please keep in mind that even though our remanufacturing process is held to the highest possible standards the equipment is not new.
WARRANTY
Warranty in the continental US includes parts and labor, outside the continental US is parts only.
Unless in writing, all other equipment is sold "AS IS" with no warranties or representation by Pulse Fitness Group,  either expressed or implied all sales are final.
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective 12/1/2004
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Rebirth Fitness website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive material. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
. Name
. Address
. Email Address
. Phone Number
. Credit/Debit Card Information
. (etc)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
. Name
. Address
. Email Address
. Phone Number
. (etc)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email address to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please call us at 1-866-965-4653 or send us an email at sales@fitnessplus.com.
Rebirth Fitness is based in Williston Park, NY and proudly serves customers throughout the country and across the globe.
Reach out for more information by calling us toll-free at 866-965-4653 or write to us via email through our secured contact page.
Contact Us
Contact Us
©2020 Rebirth Fitness. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
Call Us