https://www.humangivens.com/foundation/further-information/procurement-policy/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Foundation / Further information / Procurement policy
Procurement policy
This policy applies to the procurement by the Human Givens Foundation of all goods and services.
All contracted work, whether for goods or services, worth £5,000 or more MUST be put out to tender.
The trustees will normally seek tenders from at least three individuals, companies or other relevant organisations. Note: Where an organisation is the only one able/qualified to deliver a particular service, such as the HG College in relation to training in the human givens approach, the above requirement will not apply.
If a trustee is employed to manage a project, this will be in accordance with the current Charity Commission guidelines.Notes:
In the event that a trustee wishes to tender to provide services, and that the trustees wish to accept that tender, Charity Commission guidelines must be followed.
Clause 5 (b) of the HGF Memorandum and Articles of Understanding states the following: “A Director may be employed by the Charity or enter into a contract for the supply of goods and services to the Charity, other than for acting as a Director.”
The trustees will act as the responsible body for selecting and approving contractors.
The trustees must ensure that goods and services are sourced from ethical sources.
The trustees will seek Best Value in determining the award of any contract. Note: The term ‘Best Value’ indicates that the potential quality of goods and services must be considered alongside cost when assessing tendering bids.
Adopted by the trustees on: 1st July 2018
Date of last review: 7th July 2019
Date of next review: July 2020
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.