https://www.pokeorder.com/info.html#yourprivacy
Our contact informationBy email:cardsorder@gmail.comBy standard mail:Game On / PokeOrder.com14600 Lakeside Circle Unit 2205Sterling Heights, MI 48313cardsorder@gmail.comPokeOrder.com
CONTACT US
Email Us
cardsorder@gmail.com
Order Tracking
Please allow up to 9 days to process your order before emailing us for your tracking info.
Google Hangouts
You may also contact us through Google Hangouts our id is ThePokeOrder
HELP DESK
Payment Methods
Through the website we accept credit
card payments using Visa, Mastercard, Discover, Paypal and American Express. Your credit card
will be charged at the time your order is placed. We do accept Check, Money
Orders and Cash for orders placed through our Mail
Order Page. We can only accept mail orders for orders inside of the
United States. You must be over the age of 18 to place an order on our site.
Shipping
Rates
Shipping
Rates
Type
0 - $9.99
$10 - $29.99
$30 - $99.99
$100 and up
Inside United States
Standard Delivery
$4.49
$5.99 - $9.99
$10.99 - $14.99
$16.99 - $22.99
Inside United States
Rush Delivery
$9.99
$19.99
$29.99
$39.99
Outside United States
Express International Delivery With Tracking
$39.99
$44.99
$49.99 - $79.99
$79.99
Outside United States
International Delivery No Tracking
$7.99
$7.99 - $17.99
$17.99 - $38.99
$38.99 - $49.99
Transit Time
Orders placed during the weekend cannot be shipped
until the following week. Once shipped, "Standard Shipping" orders inside the United
States may take up to 9 business days for delivery.
International Shipping orders may take up to 5 weeks for delivery.
Changing
an Order
Because we try and ship every order out
as fast as possible, it usually is not possible to change or cancel an order
after it has been placed. If you do need any changed made to the order you
placed, please try and email us as soon as possible with the changes you
need made. If we are unable to stop your order before it ships, you are
free to return or exchange any item we send out.
International
Orders
We ship internationally to a limited
number of countries. To view the current country list add an item to the
shopping cart, go to the checkout page and the drop down menu for the shipping
address will have the current countries listed. All dollar amounts are in
US currency. Your credit card company will give you the best rate of exchange
at the time of purchase. If you live outside the United States, please read the following page very carefully. Here you will find all the details regarding our International shipping policies.All international packages are sent via USPS . Packages are always insured and all packages must be signed for when delivered.
Please note: Over-sized packages ship USPS since this is the most cost-effective for our customers. However, some over-sized packages are subject to additional shipping and handling charges. If this is the case, we will contact you before shipping your package, in order to get your approval.:: Please note that the customer is responsible if any duties & taxes are imposed by your country at your country's border.
Custom fees are very common especially when ordering from the UK. We have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary from country to country. For more information we suggest that you contact your local customs office before ordering.* Very important - please read!
- If you deny the delivery of a package due to customs fees, please understand that you will be responsible for the Full Cost of shipping to your door and then back to us. So please do not refuse a delivery, it will be extremely costly.
- RETURN POLICY - Any international order being returned must contact us before proceeding with the return. Failure to do so will prevent us from reimbursing you for your return shipping costs.Packages take 2 to 4 weeks to arrive at their destination (although occasionally there are hold-ups at customs which is out of our control). Shipping estimates: $38.00 for a small sized package, $48.00 for a medium sized package, and $95 for a large sized package). (Canadian packages are generally about $10.00 less). Shipping costs will be calculated at checkout and are determined by price & destination. You can always begin the checkout process and opt not to continue with it once shipping costs are established. To do this, simply place your items in your cart and click "Checkout". Once at checkout, enter your name & address and select "International " delivery and hit the "apply" button. The shipping rate will be made available to you, even before you have to enter any credit card information. You can then decide to continue or not continue with your order. Please note that on rare occasions, with oversized packages, we will need to contact you for additional shipping charges. You will need to approve these costs before we ship your package. (Please be aware that your order can only be shipped to the billing address of your credit card on all international orders!!)The following is a list of countries we currently ship to using a Credit Card or Paypal...
Aruba, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Barbados, Belgium, Bermuda, Canada, Cayman Islands, Costa Rica, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guam, Hong Kong, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Puerto Rico, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States, Virgin Islands (British and US).Acceptable Forms of Payment:
We offer 2 forms of payment for international packages...1. American Express ,
Discovery, Visa or Mastercard (* please read below).
2. PayPal - click here for details* If you are paying by Visa or Mastercard, please read the following:
Our on-line merchant service allows us to verify most international Visa & Mastercard orders. (As opposed to AMEX which always offers international address verification services). In the case where your issuing bank does not participate in the international address verification service, you will be contacted via email and be requested to fax over a copy of your Visa or Mastercard credit card statement/bill. If this is the case, please feel free to cross out any information you feel is personal - we are only interested in seeing your credit card number on the same document as your name and billing address. Fax is 586-741-5966. We apologize for the inconvenience but unfortunately international on-line fraud is very common and we find it essential that all orders, domestic and international be verified.
We look forward to doing business with you! If you have any further questions, please email us at cardsorder@gmail.com
Sales Tax
Sales tax will only be charged if you
live in or are shipping to the State of Michigan. International customers
are responsible for any additional customs duties, charges, or tariffs applied
at your border or at time of delivery.
Return Policy
At PokeOrder.com, we realize how difficult it is to order merchandise on-line, especially for first time buyers.
That's why we offer our customers guaranteed satisfaction. If you're not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 10 business days of receipt of the item(s). Holiday orders placed from November 1, thru December 24, will be accepted for return until January 15,. PokeOrder.com inspects all merchandise when we receive it and ship it, and we are confident that all merchandise is in Brand New condition when shipped. To receive either a credit toward an exchange or a credit on your charge account, your return must be in the same original brand new condition as shipped. Items deemed ysed, dirty or opened by PokeOrder.com will be returned to purchaser at their expense and No refund will be issued.
RETURN POLICY
1) Please read and fill out our Return/Exchange Form on the back of your invoice. If you do not have your invoice please contact us. Also we must be notified of any error in shipping or any damage in delivery within 7 days of your receipt of the product.
2) All Returns must still be in BRAND NEW SELLABLE CONDITION. If an item is returned to us opened, played with, broken or in the case of single cards we cannot accept it back if was played in a tournament. If any of the above un-sellable merchandise is returned to us, we reserve the right to deduct up to 50% from your refund. Please pack your returns with extreme care.
3) If the return was due to an error on our part (for instance, we accidentally sent the wrong merchandise), we will accept responsibility for all shipping costs related to the return. When shipping back the incorrect item to us, please use USPS 1st Class Mail or Priority Mail. If the package is too large or very valuable, please feel free to contact us so that we may arrange the return. Your credit card will be refunded for the shipping, or store credit can be issued to you. Please fill out the back of your invoice.
4) If the return is not due to an error of ours (for example- you ordered it and then decided later on that you don't want it), the buyer accepts full responsibility for all shipping costs plus a 10% re-stocking fee will be deducted from your refund.
Please fill out the back of the sheet attached to your invoice.
5) Package returned to us marked "Refused", "Undeliverable", or otherwise, are subject to a 20% re-stocking fee (This is solely to recoup our losses from charges we incur when this happens). If a package is lost or misdirected due to an incorrectly inputted address, PokeOrder.com is completely not responsible. We have no control over addresses typed on the checkout pages. Please make sure you have typed in the correct address.
6) We cannot be held responsible for lost return / exchange packages during transit. Therefore, we highly recommend that your package be insured with a delivery confirmation.
7) All refunds will be applied to the original means of payment. Refunds are usually issued within 7 business days of us receiving the product back. During the holiday season, please allow up to two weeks for a credit to be issued. Please don't forget to include your order number with any return.
Please ship all returns to:
Game On / PokeOrder.com
14600 Lakeside Circle
Unit 2205
Sterling Heights, MI 48313
CANCELLATION POLICY
Orders may be cancelled as long as they have not been processed - usually the same business day or the morning of the next day. During the Holiday Season Dec. 12th thru Dec. 25th we cannot cancel orders once they are placed. Please contact Customer Service to see if your order has not yet been processed.
OPENED MERCHANDISE POLICY:
To maintain the integrity of our merchandise, we will Return to Sender any of the following Returns:
Used Single Cards
Opened Booster Packs or Decks
Damaged merchandise from shipment
Factory sealed sets, decks, or packs that have been opened
Your Privacy
and Security
We protect your privacy. Any information
that you supply during the order process is safe. We will not sell or share
any information you provide to us. All credit card information is purged
from our system after the transaction is complete. This site is hosted by
Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data.
Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information
in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo!
also automatically collects information about your shopping experience.
Please see the Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more information about how Yahoo!
uses this information. Our store runs on the Yahoo Store platform. Yahoo!
takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your
information. Yahoo! maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural
safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information
about you. Yahoo! uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting
certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or
payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom
of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards
and other forms of payment. Any time Yahoo! asks you for a credit card number
on Yahoo! for payment or for verification purposes, it will be SSL encrypted.
The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. Once
you choose to store or enter your credit card number on Yahoo!, it will
not be displayed back to you in its entirety when you retrieve or edit it
in the future. Instead of the entire number, you will only see asterisks
and either the first four digits or the last four digits of your number.