https://www.frys.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/A8WhenWillMyOrderArrive
Frys.com Help - When Will My Order Arrive?
When Will My Order Arrive?
Frys.com uses the most efficient methods of order preparation and shipping available to deliver your products fast and hassle free. We offer Ultra Saver shipping starting at $1.99, Ground, 3-Day Select, 2nd day and Overnight Delivery within the 48 contiguous states. Some areas may not be supported by all services.
Shipping charges include a handling charge and may not represent the actual cost of shipping.
Once you have selected all of the products you desire to purchase, you will find a shipping calculator in your cart. The shipping calculator will estimate the cost of shipping by entering the zip code of your location. Ground service is not available for all products in Alaska or Hawaii. During checkout the delivery charge will be confirmed once your delivery address has been entered. An additional shipping charge will be added at checkout for orders shipping to Alaska and Hawaii. Orders shipped to AZ, CA, CO, GA, HI, IA, ID, IN, IL, KY, ME, MI, MN, NC, ND, NJ, NV, OK, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VT, WA, WI, and WY are subject to state and local sales tax, as applicable.
Frys.com requires a signature for deliveries over $250.00
Frys.com does not ship on weekends or major holidays
Ground service is not available in Alaska and Hawaii
Overnight Delivery is not available in remote locations of the 48 contiguous states, Hawaii, and Alaska
Frys.com is not responsible for shipments which are delayed due to causes beyond the control of our carriers, including, but not limited to the following: Acts of God, riots, strikes or other labor disputes, air traffic control delays, disruptions in air or ground transportation networks due to events such as weather phenomena and natural disasters
Delivery Attempts
The shipping courier will make three attempts to deliver your merchandise and will leave a message notifying you of the attempt. If the package is undeliverable after three attempts, the product will be returned to our warehouse. You will be credited for the price of the item, but you will not be credited for any shipping and handling charges you may have been charged. If you refuse delivery, a credit will be issued for the price of the product but not for shipping charges (if applicable). All credits will be applied to the payment method in the original order.
Leaving Signed Notes
By leaving a signed note giving the courier permission to leave a package at the door, you have relinquished Frys.com and the courier of any and all responsibility for loss or damage.
Expected Delivery for Expedited Shipping Methods (2nd Day and Overnight)
Order by 8 P.M. EST OnDelivery MethodReceive By
Monday-ThursdayOvernightNext Day by 3 P.M.**
FridayOvernightMonday by 3 P.M.**
Saturday & SundayOvernightTuesday by 3 P.M.**
Saturday, Sunday & Monday2nd DayWednesday by 7 P.M.
Tuesday2nd DayThursday by 7 P.M.
Wednesday2nd DayFriday by 7 P.M.
Thursday2nd DayMonday by 7 P.M.
Friday2nd DayTuesday by 7 P.M.
**In most areas Overnight delivery will occur before 3 P.M. Remote destinations will be delivered before 4:30 P.M. Saturday delivery is unavailable for Overnight shipments. To confirm your shipping destination, please contact one of our friendly Customer Service Associates by dialing 408-350-1484 and choosing option 2.
Ultra Saver Shipping
Ultra Saver delivery is available on select items. The average delivery time is 3-8 business days except for APO/FPO addresses. Ultra Saver packages are delivered Tuesday through Saturday. Limited tracking is available with this delivery option.
Ground Shipping
Ground shipping is a reliable door-to-door option which is delivered within seven days, depending on the shipping location. Most residential ground packages are delivered Tuesday through Saturday between the hours of 9 A.M. to 8 P.M. Most commercial ground packages are delivered Monday through Friday during business hours. Detailed tracking information is included with this shipping method. Oversized or large television shipments may have a different delivery time frame than standard ground delivery.
APO/FPO
Deliveries to APO/FPO addresses may take up to 30 calendar days. Select the Ultra Saver shipping option for APO/FPO delivery. The U.S. Postal Service imposes weight and size limitations on shipments to some locations. A package shipped to APO/FPO may not exceed 70 pounds.
PO Box Addresses
The Ultra Saver shipping method can be utilized for orders shipping to PO Box addresses. Ground, 3-Day Select, 2nd Day, and Overnight deliveries are not available for orders shipping to PO Box addresses.
Oversized or Large Television Shipments
Due to their size, Large Televisions, Major Appliances and furniture will arrive via freight delivery. Tracking information and delivery instructions will be provided via e-mail, once your order ships. You will be contacted by the delivery company to arrange a delivery time. Residential delivery is available within the continental U.S. by ground shipping only with an average delivery time of 3-8 business days.
Standard delivery includes "Threshold Delivery" service. In most cases, "Threshold Delivery" means the product will be delivered just inside the front door of your home. If there are stairs or steps leading up to your front door the item will be placed in your garage. Debris removal is not included with standard delivery.
"White Glove" service is available at an additional cost. "White Glove" service includes disposal of packaging and delivery to your room of choice. Televisions and major appliances delivered using the "White Glove" service will be plugged in and powered up.
Please inspect the condition of the package before signing the proof of delivery document provided by the delivery company.
Please note: To report any damage that occurred during delivery, Frys.com must be contacted within the first 48 hours of receiving your product. For your protection please inspect your package at the time of delivery and do not sign for or accept any shipping container with external damage.
Noncontiguous U.S. Addresses
Deliveries to noncontiguous U.S. addresses differ from Expected Arrival Time Chart.
Order Processing
Orders shipping using the 2nd Day or Overnight shipping method received by 8 P.M. E.S.T. will be processed the same day. To protect you as a credit card holder Frys.com may request additional information that may delay your order process. If additional information is needed you will be notified via phone or email.
Track My Order
To track your order, please click here.
Login with your username and password, then select your order for tracking information.
jback115