http://www.magnamagic.com/pages/privacy-policy
Cart 0
Shop
Paint
Accessories
Tools
All Products
DIY Projects
How-To
About
Blog
The Original Inventors of Magnetic Paint | Non-Toxic - Child Safe
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Visual Magnetics Limited Partnership uses and protects any information that you give Visual Magnetics Limited Partnership when you use this website.
Visual Magnetics Limited Partnership is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Visual Magnetics Limited Partnership may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from September 2011.
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What We Do With The Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Visual Magnetic’s web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click or unclick to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us with the subject of the e-mail as “remove me from mailing list.”
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at the address below.
To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before we update or review your information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to call or email us and we will promptly reply to your request.
Effective September 2011.
Visual Magnetics Limited Partnership1 Emerson Street Mendon, MA 01756Toll Free 1.800.413.MAGNA
Quick View
MagnaMagic Magnetic Receptive Primer
$ 29.99
Title
Quart - $ 29.99
Gallon - $ 89.99
Quart
Gallon
Quantity
High performance magnetic paint that covers easily with any latex based paint color. Non toxic, low odor, child safe formula. Made in the USA.
Fre...
View Full Details
MagnaMagic Magnetic Receptive Primer
From $ 29.99 – $ 89.99
Quick View
MagnaMagic Magnetic Receptive Chalkboard Paint
$ 39.99
Title
Quart - $ 39.99
Gallon - $ 94.99
Quart
Gallon
Quantity
***Quart Size Back Ordered Due to Popular Demand***
There may be a delay on this size of the product of up to two weeks.
A functional and fun, all-...
View Full Details
MagnaMagic Magnetic Receptive Chalkboard Paint
From $ 39.99 – $ 94.99
Quick View
MagnaMagic Tintable Chalkboard Paint
$ 24.99
Title
Quart - $ 24.99
Gallon - $ 59.99
Quart
Gallon
Quantity
Transform your next chalkboard project by adding any color to this tintable chalkboard base. Made in the USA. This product is not magnetic receptiv...
View Full Details
MagnaMagic Tintable Chalkboard Paint
From $ 24.99 – $ 59.99
More Info
Search
About Us
How-To Guide
Contact Us
Press
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
My Account
Stay Connected
Like Us
Instagram
Be Inspired
YouTube
Subscribe
Get DIY MagnaMagic Project Ideas Straight to Your Inbox.
Copyright © 2020 MagnaMagic | Design by Malcolm Grear Designers
Join our mailing list for insider DIY tips and deals!