http://www.nightingale.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
The Internet, Privacy and Nightingale-Conant The Internet contains a wealth of information. Unfortunately, it may also contain personal details about you that you don't want everyone to know. For example, your real name (lots of people on the Internet use aliases, alter egos or nicknames), street address, phone number, or e-mail address. Also, when you go online, sites you visit may be gathering information about you without your knowledge.
Upon your first visit to Nightingale-Conant, Nightingale-Conant sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a file that identifies you as a unique user. It stores personal preferences and user data. In no way does this tell us that you're "Bob Smith."
Nightingale-Conant has two primary uses for its cookies. First, we use them to specify unique preferences. For example, when ordering products and services through our Web site, after your initial registration, your preferences pertaining to shipping and billing locations are remembered by our system. This way you don't have to tell us over and over again where you want your products sent. Secondly, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the Nightingale-Conant Web site that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to Nightingale-Conant always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
Most browses are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the Nightingale-Conant Web site may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
Nightingale-Conant's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Nightingale-Conant's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.