http://www.bonsaioutlet.com/privacy-security
Home
Privacy & Security
We take your security and privacy seriously. Our security and privacy policy is straight forward and simple.
Personal Information:
We will not trade, sell or exchange your personal information with ANYONE and we have taken the utmost care to make sure your credit card information is safe.
Credit Card Information:
All transactions conducted on our website are secured with SSL digital encryption. NO ONE, including Bonsai Outlet employees, will have access to your credit card number. When you place an order with BonsaiOutlet.com, your credit card information is automatically sent to our bank. We never see or have access to your credit card information.
Information we collect about you
Subscribing to our newsletter:
We respect each visitor's right to personal privacy. We do not under any circumstance, rent, sell or exchange your email address. The collection of your name and email from subscribing to the newsletter is used solely for broadcasting Bonsai Outlet e-mails. All of Bonsai Outlet's mailing lists are 100% OPT-IN. Additionally, users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at anytime.
When you register:
If you subscribe to our e-newsletters or register with our website you will supply us with your email address (which is your unique user name), name, and a password. Optionally, you may also provide other demographic information like zip/postal code, profession, and issue areas of interest. We consider this as personal information and we would never trade, rent, sell or exchange this with anyone.
When browsing the site:
When you visit our website, we collect information about your session (e.g. session length, pages visited, files downloaded) based on the IP address of your computer. We track this information to help us improve the content of our website – that is it.
When you place an order:
We guarantee your credit card safety, so you never have to worry about your credit card security. When you click Check Out, you enter a secure area of the Web site. Most browsers indicate security by a closed padlock or an unbroken key in your status bar.
Every communication between your browser and our server is encrypted. That means your sensitive personal information -- your name, address and credit card number -- is not traveling over the Internet in an easy-to-read format. Instead, using a sophisticated encryption technique (SSL - 'Secure Sockets Layer', the industry standard encryption technology for online transactions), your browser is disguising that information and sending it to our server and bank, which knows how to decrypt the message.
×
OK