http://www.ronjons.com/service/privacypolicy.aspx
HOMECUSTOMER CARESITE INFORMATIONPRIVACY POLICY
Print Page
opens in a new windowSend to a Friend
Privacy Policy
Ron Jon Surf Shop has the highest regard for the privacy of its
customers. For this reason, Ron Jon Surf Shop shall keep confidential
and not sell, trade or release any account numbers, or debit, charge or
credit card numbers (hereinafter "Account Information") you provide to
Ron Jon Surf Shop when purchasing products from or paying debts owed to
Ron Jon Surf Shop. Should it become necessary, Ron Jon Surf Shop may use
the Account Information in connection with judicial or legislative
proceedings. If used in connection with judicial or legislative
proceedings, Ron Jon shall keep the Account Information confidential
unless and until a court orders otherwise. Ron Jon Surf Shop may provide
your name and/or postal address and/or e-mail address to other
companies meeting Ron Jon Surf Shop's high standards that offer products
or services that you may be interested in.
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing, any information that you
provide to Ron Jon Surf Shop other than Account Information shall remain
the sole property of Ron Jon Surf Shop, including but not limited to
any correspondence sent to Ron Jon Surf Shop via electronic mail.
Ron Jon Surf Shop understands that with the expansion of the
Internet, security has become the number one concern among web shoppers.
With this in mind, we have made it our top concern as well. In order to
provide you, our valued customer, with the highest level of security,
Ron Jon Surf Shop uses the services of Norton Secured to secure this
website. This website secures your private information using a SSL
Certificate. Information exchanged with any address beginning with https
is encrypted using SSL before transmission.
Ron Jon Surf Shop utilizes information supplied by you to provide goods and services to you. This information also allows us to manage your registered account, verify your identity, do marketing research to better understand your needs and manage customer service interactions with you.
Help Protect Your Data
We recommend that you keep your account password private and avoid using the same password for multiple on-line accounts.
If you are using an electronic device in a public location, we recommend that you always log out and close the website browser when you complete your on-line session.
A cookie is simply a piece of data tied to information about you that
is stored on your computer. Ron Jon Surf Shop uses both session ID and
persistent cookies. Ron Jon Surf Shop uses session ID cookies in some
parts of this web-site in order to track the visits to this web-site.
The session ID cookies terminate once you exit or close your browser.
Persistent cookies, on the other hand, are pieces of data tied to
information about you that are stored on your computer for an extended
period of time. Should you desire to remove persistent cookies from your
hard drive, simply go to your Internet browser and follow the
directions on your browser about removing persistent cookies. You may
also set your browser to refuse all cookies or alert you to their
presence by following the instructions of your browser.
Cookie Settings
Ron Jon Surf Shop may provide you with links to other Internet sites
on this web-site. Ron Jon Surf Shop provides you with these links as a
convenience and courtesy only and is not responsible for any content of
any Internet site linked to or accessed from this web-site. By providing
you with links to other Internet sites, Ron Jon Surf Shop in no way
endorses, approves, or recommends the Internet site(s). Any site you
decide to link from this web-site shall be at your own risk. Ron Jon
Surf Shop shall in no way be responsible for any destructive elements,
including viruses, that you encounter when visiting Internet sites
linked to or from this web-site.