http://www.autoandparts.com/privacy.html
Used Car Parts
Find Used Auto Parts Or Used Truck Parts From Salvage
Yards Nationwide
Auto Salvage Yard Tours
Home
Recyclers Get Emailed Parts
Requests
Recycler Registration
Dealer Zone
Auto Recyclers Members Area
Vendor Mall
Automotive Industry
Supplies
Our Service
Web Site Developement
Contact Info
Automotive Links
Automotive Links
Site Map
Privacy Statement
Auto and Parts, LLC has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for
this website: http://www.autoandparts.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose
problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to make sure you don't
see the same ad repeatedly. We also use cookies to help track traffic that
visits our site.
Our site's registration and parts request
form requires users to give us contact information (name, telephone, address
and email address) and demographic information (city, state, zip code). We use
customer contact information from these forms to allow salvage parts dealers
to contact you about recycled parts you have required about.  We do not
use this data for any other purpose.
This site contains links to other sites. http://www.autoandparts.com
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message
boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and
you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.  Auto and Parts, LLC does not police or edit these public
forums on a regular basis.
Security
This site has security measures in place to
protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our
control.  All personal and confidential information, such as credit card
numbers,  are entered only through our secure SSL site.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site does not use contact information to
send out email or postal mail.  Auto and Parts, LLC will not sell your
name, address, or email address for solicitation.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
you can contact
Webmaster
Auto and Parts, LLC
privacy@autoandparts.com
Used Auto Parts
Dealer Zone
Auto Salvage Yards  Vendor
Mall  Automotive Links  Site
Map  Contact
Free Used Auto Parts Locator
Automotive Bulletin Boards
Home  User Agreement
Used Car Parts
Copyright
Privacy Statement
Copyright © 1996-2010 Auto And Parts LLC
http://www.autop.com
All rights reserved. Other
products and companies referred to herein are
trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective companies of mark holders.
Information on this Website is subject to change
without notice.
Use of this service requires you to accept the
term of our
User's
Agreement.
Privacy Statement.