http://www.eufora.net/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
About Us
Shop
nourish
beautifying elixirs
euforaSTYLE
aloetherapy
curl'n
smooth'n
volume
thickening
eufora essentials
wellness
Eufora HERO
Locate A Salon
Login
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to eufora.net and Eden Beauty Concepts and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Eden Beauty Concepts include eufora.net. The Eden Beauty Concepts website is a both site. By using the Eden Beauty Concepts website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal InformationIn order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Eden Beauty Concepts may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– First and Last Name– Mailing Address– E-mail Address– Phone Number
If you purchase Eden Beauty Concepts products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal InformationEden Beauty Concepts collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Eden Beauty Concepts may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Eden Beauty Concepts and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third PartiesEden Beauty Concepts does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Eden Beauty Concepts may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Eden Beauty Concepts, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Eden Beauty Concepts may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Eden Beauty Concepts or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Eden Beauty Concepts; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Eden Beauty Concepts, or the public.
Tracking User BehaviorEden Beauty Concepts may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Eden Beauty Concepts, in order to determine what Eden Beauty Concepts services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Eden Beauty Concepts to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Eden Beauty Concepts. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Eden Beauty Concepts website.
Security of your Personal InformationEden Beauty Concepts secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Eden Beauty Concepts uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under ThirteenEden Beauty Concepts does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, Eden Beauty Concepts may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Eden Beauty Concepts, you may opt out of such communications by clicking unsubscribe.
External Data Storage SitesWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this StatementEden Beauty Concepts reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact InformationEden Beauty Concepts welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Eden Beauty Concepts has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Eden Beauty Concepts at:
Eden Beauty3215 Executive RidgeVista, California 92081
Email Address:contact@eufora.net
Telephone number:800-638-3672
Effective as of April 27, 2018
Invalid password