http://www.bjs.com/content?template=B&espot_main=about_privacy_ca&source=footer
BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“Notice”) describes the privacy practices of BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “BJ’s,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) in connection with the information we collect about California residents and households (“you” or “Consumers”), including through BJ’s Sites (including BJs.com, berkleyjensen.com, wellsleyfarms.com and other websites operated by or for BJ’s and our mobile applications) that link to or post this notice. This Notice supplements our general Privacy Policy and further describes our privacy practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). BJ’s does not have any physical locations in California. This Notice does not apply to California residents travelling outside of California.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a Consumer ("personal information"). We collect the following categories of personal information about Consumers:
Category
Examples
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and phone number
Demographic information
Age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, household information, and income
Commercial information
Records of personal property, products and services purchased, obtained, and considered, and other purchasing, consuming histories and tendencies
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, and advertisement
Geolocation data
City, state, and country
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
From you, such as when you purchase, renew or modify your membership, create an account on BJ’s Sites, purchase a product or service on BJ’s Sites or contact our member care agents, and information about your website visit when you visit BJ’s Sites.
From our affiliates.
From our business partners, such as product suppliers and our Member Service Partners, which are third parties that we partner with for specialized member offers.
From third parties such as service providers that perform analytics on BJ’s Sites or entities that are involved in the placement of ads either on BJ’s Sites or on other websites or applications.
From product suppliers.
From data resellers that broker data and enable us to supplement the information we have about you.
Please visit the “Information Collected Through Cookies, Web Beacons, And Similar Technologies” section of our general Privacy Policy for more information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, including those belonging to third parties that collect information over time and across different websites. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
Use of Personal Information
We may process the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to procure a membership or to establish an online account we will use that personal information to create and maintain your account with us. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, and develop BJ’s Sites, products, and services.
To provide you with marketing and promotional information that we believe adds value to your membership.
To personalize your experience on BJ’s Sites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our BJ’s Sites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of BJ’s Sites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve BJ’s Sites, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and to comply with applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of BJ’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by BJ’s about you is among the assets transferred.
Sharing Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers that act on our behalf
Business partners, including product suppliers and Member Service Partners
Affiliates
Third parties that have a legal right to access your information
Data aggregators and data resellers
Parties we believe are necessary to protect our rights, the integrity of our business, or your safety or the safety of others, or to detect, prevent, or respond to actual or possible fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of our services
Parties involved in the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction
Other recipients with your consent or at your direction
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
BJ’s discloses the following categories of personal information for business purposes described above:
Identifiers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Commercial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Sales of Personal Information
BJ’s “sells,” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other similar network activity
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Your Rights and Choices
In addition to your choices described in the “What Choices Do I Have” section of our general Privacy Policy, the CCPA provides Consumers with rights regarding their personal information.These rights include the ability to:
Access the specific pieces of personal information that BJ’s holds about you
Know additional details about the processing of your information
Delete your personal information subject to exceptions under the CCPA
Opt out of the “sale” of your personal information
Not be denied goods or services for exercising your rights
To exercise your rights to access, delete or opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, please email CCPARequests@bjs.com with your name and California mailing address.
You may only exercise your rights twice within a 12-month period. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
BJ’s reserves the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of BJ’s Sites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.