https://www.crohns.net/privacy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
crohns.net - HealthyLifeUSA
Privacy Policy. Please add any additional cookies your website uses below (e.g. Google Analytics).
we are committed to your privacy. This notice serves to help you better understand what information crohns.net - HealthyLifeUSA
collects, how it uses that information. If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact Customer Support by email. crohns.net - HealthyLifeUSA
knows that you value your personal information, and we protect your privacy as if it were our own.
What we collect
We collect the following information:
Order information you give us: If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases). Contact information from the order form (email address, name, billing and shipping address, and phone number) is used to send orders and information about our company to you.
Account information: If you choose to create an account, your login information is stored with any other information you associate with your account.
Non-personal information we receive automatically: We may use technologies which allow us to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to help us better your experience.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Order processing and customer service: After placing an online order, your contact information including your email address will be used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. Your credit card information is transmitted securely to our third part processing provider in compliance with Payment Card Industry standards. You will automatically be registered to receive our email newsletter, which you are able to opt out of at any time by accessing your user account, following the unsubscribe link found in the email newsletter, or sending an email to Customer Service.
Third-party service providers: Good Gut Solution works closely with other companies and individuals to facilitate transactions and better your experience. Examples of third-party service provider services include shipping orders, analyzing data, providing accurate search results and links, processing credit card payments, affiliate marketing, and newsletters. Any information that Good Gut Solution shares with a third-party service provider is done so safely, securely, and under a contractual relationship with that provider to protect your data.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by letting us know using our Contact Us information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us this request using our Contact Us information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Can I opt-out?
At any time you can adjust your communication preferences, including opting out of promotional mailings, from within your Good Gut Solution account. You also have the right to disable your account. To do so, you may call or email Customer Service.