http://www.trotters.com/privacy-policy
×
Join Us!
and get 10% off
Join our email list for the inside scoop on new arrivals, special offers and more.
You will receive an email with your one-time use promotion code shortly after submitting your email. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Sign Up
Free Shipping & Free Returns
log on/register
find a store
shopping bag (0)
Free ShippingFree Returns
Menu
New
Boots
Casual
Dress
Sandals
Signature
View All
Sale
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Email Newsletter
Shipping
Returns
Size Chart
Testimonials
Find a Store
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Trotters.com. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by you such as when you register for an account or when you place an order. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Trotters.com may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology is useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site except when you are logged into your account.
Distribution of Information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Commitment to Data Security
Keeping your personal information confidential and secure is important to Trotters.com. In order to protect the payment information you provide to us, including your credit card number, expiration date, security code, and billing address, we use SSL technology. SSL technology encrypts your information so that it cannot be recognized or decoded in cyberspace.
Your computer will begin operating in secure mode once you enter our checkout page. You can confirm that SSL is active by looking for a closed lock or an unbroken key in your browser window (location of the icon depends on your browser type). Additionally, the URL line of your browser will change from "http" to "https" when the SSL technology is operating.
Marketing Emails/Newsletters
All marketing emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. You can click on the "Unsubscribe" located at the bottom of every email or click here and enter your email address. You will still receive emails related to orders placed on the site.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: custserv@trotters.com
By Phone: 1-888-218-7275
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
1-888-218-7275
Monday–Friday 8:00–4:30 EST
Contact Us
Shipping
Returns
Size Chart
Email Newsletter
Ambassador
About
Privacy Policy
Phoenix Footwear Brands:
1-888-218-7275 custserv@trotters.com
©2020 Phoenix Footwear Group, Inc.