http://www.savannahsweets.com/privacy-and-security/
Savannah Sweets
Southern Pralines, Turtles and Pecan Candy
Home
Gift Selections
Gift Baskets
Gift Boxes
Gift Tins
Gift Towers
Pet Gifts
Thank You Tins
More Gift Boxes
Shop Categories
Caramel Apples
Cashew Paws
Fudge, Divinity & Pecan Logs
Pecan Paws
Premium Pecans
Savannah Favorites
St. Augustine Favorites
Pralines
Contact Us
Mailing List
Corporate Orders
Shipping
Privacy
Privacy and Security
It is Savannah Sweets’ policy to respect and protect the privacy of our customers. We do our best to provide a safe and convenient online shopping experience.  Savannah Sweets collects your personal information in order to process your online orders correctly and efficiently and also to provide you with a e-mail order confirmation. Below, please read our Privacy Statement carefully.
We are very concerned about the growth of Spam messages, and we know that you are, too. We’d like to take this opportunity to let you know our position on Spam and e-mail messages. We believe that Spam jeopardizes the right of legitimate companies to conduct business electronically, both now and in the future.
We are diligent about protecting your privacy in preventing Spam from reaching your inbox. Savannah Sweets never sells, rents, or shares your e-mail address-you will not receive unsolicited e-mails from other companies as a result of sharing your e-mail address with us.
Occasionally, we send e-mails to our customers. The purpose of our e-mail messages is to provide you with ideas or offers that will help you conduct business more successfully. Our e-mails are designed to be timely, targeted, and interesting.
You may also place your order direct by calling 912-355-3539 or Faxing to 912-495-5227.
UPS Transit Map - These times apply to the date that your order is SHIPPED, not the date that your order is PLACED.
Click or scan below to join our mailing list and receive periodic coupon codes, discounts and holiday reminders to your inbox:
Design 1998-2020 ©WebWorksPro.Net, Inc.