https://www.juliennetogo.com/privacy-policy/
Hours
Subscribe
Subscribe to newsletter
MENUMENUHomeAbout
On a Personal Note...Our Response to COVID19HistoryFrequently Asked QuestionsOur TeamHours, updated
Current Menus
Cuisine-To-Go Menu How to have the Holiday Office Party during Covid? Safely with Julienne! Our individual Lunch Boxes, gift wrapped with ribbon, include individual cutlery packages.  Add individual bottles of French lemonade, bags of truffle potato chips, Julienne holiday cookie bags as Party Favors…Spread the Holiday Cheer…not the Virus!!
View Menu/Order Online >
Christmas Menu 2020
Order Online! (Christmas Menu only)
Fall & Winter Cuisine-To-Go Menu
Espresso Bar Drink Menu
Espresso Bar Food Menu
Seasonal Menus & DecorJulie’s Favorite Things!
Seasonal Look of Julienne!
Hours Monday-Sunday: 9am-5pm
Today's MenuEveryday Classics & How To OrderGift CardsContact
0
Cart
MENUMENUHomeAbout
On a Personal Note...Our Response to COVID19HistoryFrequently Asked QuestionsOur TeamHours, updated
Current Menus
Cuisine-To-Go Menu How to have the Holiday Office Party during Covid? Safely with Julienne! Our individual Lunch Boxes, gift wrapped with ribbon, include individual cutlery packages.  Add individual bottles of French lemonade, bags of truffle potato chips, Julienne holiday cookie bags as Party Favors…Spread the Holiday Cheer…not the Virus!!
View Menu/Order Online >
Christmas Menu 2020
Order Online! (Christmas Menu only)
Fall & Winter Cuisine-To-Go Menu
Espresso Bar Drink Menu
Espresso Bar Food Menu
Seasonal Menus & DecorJulie’s Favorite Things!
Seasonal Look of Julienne!
Hours Monday-Sunday: 9am-5pm
Today's MenuEveryday Classics & How To OrderGift CardsContact
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This Privacy Policy will apply to the website that you are visiting, www.juliennetogo.com (the “WEBSITE”), which is owned by Julienne Fine Foods, Inc. (“JULIENNE”). JULIENNE  respects the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by JULIENNE, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, contact kate@julienne.us.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USAGE
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you with the products and services made available through the WEBSITE, including, but not limited to our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.
Information Collected Upon Registration
If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the WEBSITE, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to JULIENNE. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your full name, username, email address, address, telephone number, credit card number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.
Use of Contact Information
We will NOT use your personal information to provide marketing materials to you. We respect your privacy and will not use your information or provide it to any third party for marketing purposes.
Log Data
When you visit the WEBSITE, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be
different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the WEBSITE and of our Service, and for the WEBSITE’s technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms & Conditions.
Your Account:
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. JULIENNE reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Cookies
We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor WEBSITE usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and Company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website.
You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Other Technologies
Other technologies used include clear GIFs. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may
use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.
Third Party Services
Users may register for other services from our Website. Certain products and/or services available on our Website are provided to you in partnership with third parties’ and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your
personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third parties’ and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties’. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties’ and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties’ prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services.
Service Providers:
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary toperform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring duch third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Company or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent
or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers:
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.ALL INFORMATION, INSTRUCTIONS, TIPS, COMMENTS, AND FORMS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING AS TO LEGAL EFFECT OR COMPLETENESS. They are for guidance and should be modified by you or your attorney to meet your specific needs and the laws of your state. Use at your own risk. Docstoc, its employees or contractors who wrote or modified any form, instructions, tips, comments, and decision tree alternatives and choices, are NOT providing legal or any other kind of advice, are not creating or entering into an Attorney-Client relationship, and were most likely NOT prepared or reviewed by an attorney licensed to practice law in your state. Docstoc is unable to and does not provide legal advice. Please note that laws change and are regularly amended, therefore, the provisions, and names and section numbers of statutes within this document, if any, may not be 100% correct as they may be partially or wholly out of date and some relevant ones may have been omitted or misinterpreted. The information and forms are not a substitute for the advice of your own attorney. You may wish to consult with your own attorney licensed to practice law in your state.
This document is not approved, endorsed by, or affiliated with any State, or governmental or licensing entity.
Address :
2651 Mission Street
San Marino, California 91108
Map and Directions
626.441.2299
Hours :
Open 7 Days 9:00am-5:00pm
@juliennefinefoods
Subscribe
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
© 2017 JULIENNECORP | Refund Policy |Privacy Policy | Terms & Condition
site by: pxmediaInc.com
0