http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Customer Service
Shopping with WHSmith
Our Policies
About Us
Coronavirus Update
Cancel
Apply
Customer Help and Support
If you need a little help or support when shopping at WHSmith.co.uk, or simply have a query about us and our policies, then we hope you’ll find the answers to your questions quickly here in our Help Hub.
Check our common queries below for a quick answer, or use the filters on the left to navigate to the relevant help section.
Our customer services team is available on email at support@whsmith.co.uk. Please include your order number with your enquiry.
Common Queries
Where Is My Order?
You can track your order by logging into your account. If you do not have an account then you will need to email our Customer Services Team. View our FAQs About Your Order page for more information.
How Do I Get a Refund?
You have the right to return products to store or by post up to 30 days after purchase, and we will gladly refund or replace the item (terms and conditions apply). View our Returns and Refunds page for more information.
What Delivery Options Do You Offer?
We offer different delivery options across the majority of our products, including click & collect from stores. View our Delivery Options page for more information.
Where Can I Get Help with an Order?
View our Shopping with WHSmith Help page for information on returns, delivery, payment, accounts and more.
Where Can I Get Help with a Gift Card?
View our Gift Card Help page for information on registering a gift card and terms and conditions.
Where Can I Check Your FAQs?
If you think your question may have a straight-forward answer that isn't on this page, try our FAQs page for more common queries.
Why are Prices Online Different to in Stores?
There are different overheads with a web business, and so we’re able to offer different prices on our website than in WHSmith stores. Find out more about our Online Prices here.
Where Can I Get Help with Customer Service Queries?
You can find advice on customer service queries, including product recalls and registering gift packs on our Customer Services page.
How Do I Find Out More About WHSmith?
View our About Us page
for information about us, affiliates, our WEEE policy and more. Or visit our WHSmith PLC website.
Where Can I Find Out More About WHSmith Policies?
Our Policies and Terms & Conditions are available on our Policies page.
Where Can I Find Job Vacancies at WHSmith?
Visit our Careers website to view and apply for our latest job vacancies.
1 - 12
of
14
Results
Go to first page
Go to previous page
1
2
Go to next page
Go to last page
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
Per page
12
View All (14)
Go
1 - 12
of
14
Results
Go to first page
Go to previous page
1
2
Go to next page
Go to last page
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
Per page
12
View All (14)
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies