http://www.magicaltickets.co.uk/privacy-policy
01256 473 469call us from 9:00am - 9:00pm
Privacy PolicyWe Magical Tickets sister company to Toucan Travel Limited. are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and take this very seriously.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what kind of information we may gather about you when you visit our websites, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of that information and how you can correct that information. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, and using or accessing a website to which it relates indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of any changes to it.
Who we areWe are Magical Tickets, part of Toucan Travel Limited. Our registered office is: The Chineham Centre, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8BQ and our company number is 01665255.
What we collectIf you subscribe to join our mailing list we will ask for information that may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, age, gender, occupation, credit card details, details of holiday habits and details you are interested in receiving further information on.
Occasionally, we may offer visitors to our websites an opportunity to participate in a survey or competition. We may also run competitions and surveys in magazines, newspapers, radio, television, by direct mail, with third parties including on their websites and on other similar media. Information collected by Toucan Travel Limited when you participate may include your full name, age, postal address, email address and telephone number. This will only be used for the purpose of the survey and competition and will not be used for marketing purposes unless you have consented. Some of our marketing activity/functions on our website may include a ‘recommend a friend’ promotion. In this case your details may be provided to us by somebody who knows you. The person who has passed your details onto Toucan Travel Limited for this activity will need to advise you and have your permission to send your personal details to us. Your personal information will be handled in the way as detailed in this privacy policy.
What we do with your personal informationBy becoming a customer you consent to receive from us our marketing communications and details of special offers or products which we may think may be of interest to you, unless you expressly ask not to be contacted in this way when you make your booking with us.
Your information will be held for our internal use to allow us to improve the services and products we offer, your customer experience, and to enable us to comply with our contractual obligations.
If you telephone us, calls may be recorded for training and quality purposes. We will only share your personal information with our authorised travel service providers, and only as necessary in order to complete a transaction that you have specifically requested.
We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent.
Your details may be provided to security or credit checking companies, public authorities such as customs/immigration if necessary, or to others as required by law.
We may also pass your details to any successor to our business (or any relevant part of it).
Information you provide may also be used for statistical purposes. For further details please refer to the section ‘IP addresses and Cookies’.
ConsentBy disclosing your personal information to us on one of our websites, by email or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage, processing and other use of your personal information by us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. Some information and emails sent to us may be used as testimonials or case studies but no email address or contact details will be displayed.
How to opt out of receiving marketing communications from usIf you do not want your details used for marketing purposes please advise us at the Address below:
Magical Tickets, 1 Riverside Close, Old Basing Basingstoke, Hampshire RG247HX or telephone us on 01256 473 469 or email us at enquiries@magicaltickets.co.uk
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on an unsubscribe link on the email.
How we protect your informationThe data we collect from you will be stored within the UK. By submitting your personal data you agree to the storing and processing of this data. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may send your details outside the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g. if your holiday is outside the EEA and the hotel needs to be advised of your details. Due to the global nature of the infrastructure of the internet please be aware that controls on data protection outside the EEA may not be as strict as in the UK.
IP addresses and CookiesA cookie is a small file that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. Cookies identify the computer you are using, not you personally.
On toucantravel.co.uk we use Google Analytics to understand which website pages you are visiting and to help improve the customer journey through the website and site effectiveness. This data allows us to improve the quality of your visit and develop programs, navigation and content that will be of interest to you. Google Analytics leaves cookies on your browser but this does not identify you personally.
We currently do not use third party cookies or web beacons. The website magicaltickets.co.uk system is protected by firewalls. We collect information about your computer (not your name, address, email address or telephone number) through your permanent cookie file for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of site content and traffic. This data allows us to improve the quality of your visit.
Access to informationYou have the right to ask us in writing for a copy of the information which we hold about you (for which we may charge a statutory fee). Any request should be addressed to: Toucan Travel Limited The Chineham Centre, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8BQ
If you believe that any of your personal information that is held or being processed is incorrect then please contact us immediately at the postal address or email address below. Any information found to be incorrect will be corrected as soon as possible. If at any time you believe that we have not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at: chineham@toucantravel.co.uk or write to us at: Toucan Travel Limited The Chineham Centre, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG24 8BQ
Why Buy From UsGenuine TicketsDepending on date of travel tickets will be genuine ticketsFast DeliveryAll stocked tickets dispatched from the UK within 24hrs.Free InsuranceFREE ticket insurance to UK customers.Deposit SchemePlease ask a ticket advisor for details.Open 363 DaysWe are open from 9am to 9pm, 363 days a year.Free Shopping CardFree Pay4Less shopping voucher card with each order.
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Testimonials
Order Tickets
FAQ's
Contact Us
Our Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Our Tickets
Ticket Combinations
Disney Ticket Range
SeaWorld Parks Tickets
Universal Orlando Tickets
Contact UsMagical Tickets,Chineham Centre,Basingstoke,Hampshire,RG248BQ
01256 473 469
enquiries@magicaltickets.co.ukWe accept Mastercard and Visa credit cards, debit cards, switch and solo. There are no credit or debit card fees charged. We strongly recommend the use of our 'Special Delivery' option for your tickets. It costs £8.00 for all orders under £1000 to UK addresses and is free for orders over £1000.ABTA Notice - All tickets shown on this website are covered by our ABTA bond. Our ABTA membership number is 98615. We are fully bonded according to ABTA's rules and abide by ABTA's Code of Conduct. ABTA protection applies only to services supplied by Magical Tickets but does not apply to services featured on this website that are provided by any company that is not a member of ABTA. Please go to www.abta.com to check whether a company is a member of ABTA and for a copy of Guide to ABTA's Scheme of Financial Protection
Home About Us Testimonials Universal Tickets Disney Tickets SeaWorld & Busch Gardens Other Attractions Orlando Combo Tickets Blog Contact
Facebook
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential for the operation of the site, while others help us to improve this site and the user experience (tracking cookies). You can decide for yourself whether you want to allow cookies or not. Please note that if you reject them, you may not be able to use all the functionalities of the site.
Ok Decline
More information