http://www.fatquartershop.com/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Copyright and Trademark:
All original contents of this website, including but not limited to words, images and sounds, are © 2003 - 2020 Fat Quarter Shop, LLC. All rights reserved. You may not reproduce, copy, download or distribute any content of this site without first obtaining Fat Quarter Shop, LLC's express written authorization unless otherwise authorized by law.
Trademarks appearing on this website, including but not limited to Fat Quarter Shop, LLC’s trademarks FAT QUARTER SHOP and FATQUARTERSHOP.COM, are the property of their respective owner and may not be reproduced without their owners' express permission. The design and layout of Fat Quarter Shop's website is protected as trade dress and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.Use of Digital Images:
All images on the Fat Quarter Shop website are the intellectual property of Fat Quarter Shop. All rights reserved. Any use of any images on the Fat Quarter Shop website, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, replication, without the express written permission is strictly prohibited.User Generated Content:
Fat Quarter Shop welcomes your product reviews, site reviews and other user generated content.
This feedback not only informs other fellow users, it also provides us information on how to continually improve user experience.
By submitting user generated content you agree that it will be accurate; will not violate any law or regulation; and/or will not violate copyright, trademark, or privacy rights. Harmful material, malicious content, solicitations, and spam are all strictly prohibited. Fat Quarter Shop assumes no liability for user generated content.
By submitting user generated content, you grant Fat Quarter Shop the license to use, display, publish, copy, edit, or otherwise repurpose the content without compensation.
Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to do any or all of the following at our sole discretion: monitor user generated content; alter, remove or refuse to post content; and/or disclose any user generated content to any third party.
Fat Quarter Shop neither endorses, verifies nor is responsible for any opinion, advice, or statements made by users or other third parties.Promo Codes, Coupons and Special Offers:
Promo codes can not be combined with other offers, discounts and/or promotions. Generally, only one promo code may be used per order. Some exclusions may apply. Each promo code and/or special offer is valid for a limited time only and expires on the date specified in the offer. Promo codes are subject to product availability. Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to deny fraudulent use of a promotional code.
Contest Rules:
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. ALL FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND MUNICIPAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
Eligibility: Contests are open to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least eighteen years old at the time of entry. Employees of Fat Quarter Shop and other companies associated with the contest as well as the immediate family and household members of each such employee are not eligible.
Agreement to Official Rules: Participation in a contest constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of the Official Rules and the decisions of Fat Quarter Shop. Winning a prize is contingent upon being eligible and compliant with official rules and fulfilling all other requirements set forth.
How to Enter: No purchase necessary. Eligible persons may enter an ongoing contest by emailing kimberly@fatquartershop.com. Entry email must include the following information: contest name, entrant’s name, entrant’s mailing address, entrant’s phone number, entrant’s email address and entrant’s date of birth. Limit one (1) entry per person, per email address, and per household for the duration of the contest period. Entries received in excess of the stated limitation will be void.
Winner Notification: The potential winners will be notified by email, mail, or phone. If a potential winner cannot be contacted, Fat Quarter Shop may select an alternate potential winner from the remaining eligible entries.
General Conditions: In the event that the administration of a contest is impaired in anyway for any reason, including, but not limited to fraud, unauthorized human intervention or other technical problem; Fat Quarter Shop reserves the right to suspend, alter, or terminate the contest. Prizes may be awarded at random from among eligible, non-suspect entries. Fat Quarter Shop, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to void any suspected entries that are deemed fraudulent or otherwise against the rules and/or spirit of the contest.
Release and Limitations of Liability: By participating in a contest, entrants agree to release from liability and hold harmless Fat Quarter Shop and any other parties associated with the contest. Entrant waives the right to claim any damages whatsoever.
Privacy Information: Information collected from entrants is subject to Fat Quarter Shop Privacy Policy.