https://www.visiondirect.co.uk/privacy-policy
Contact Lenses by Brand
Acuvue
Air Optix
Biofinity
Clariti
everclear
Dailies
Freshlook
View All Brands
Contact Lenses by Type
Daily Contact Lenses
Two Weekly Contact Lenses
Monthly Contact Lenses
Torics for Astigmatism
Multifocal Contact Lenses
Coloured Contact Lenses
Silicone Hydrogel Lenses
Extended Wear Contact Lenses
View All Contact Lenses
Eye Care
Dry Eye Treatments
Eye Drops
Eye Vitamins
Hygiene and Lid Care
Eye Wash & Sprays
Solutions
Multi-purpose
Cleaners & Salines
Gas Permeable
Travel Packs
Hydrogen peroxide
OFFERS
Delivery Information
Contact Us
Login
js-menu__logged-name
My Account
Reorder in 3 clicks
View Orders
Log Out
UK - 020 7768 5000
USA - 1 800 870 0741
Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Get £20 store credit
365-day guarantee
Next day delivery
Rated Excellent
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Shop by Brands
Acuvue
Acuvue Oasys
Air Optix
Avaira
Biofinity
Biomedics
Clariti
Dailies
easyvision equivalent
everclear
Focus Dailies
Freshlook
MyDay
Proclear
PureVision
SofLens
See More >>
Shop by Type
Contact Lenses
Torics for Astigmatism
Cheap Contact Lenses
Coloured Contact Lenses
Multifocal Contact Lenses
Silicone Hydrogel Lenses
Contact Lens Solutions
Eye Drops
Shop by Wear
Daily Lenses
Monthly Contact Lenses
Two Weekly Lenses
Extended Wear Lenses
View All >>
Optician Equivalents
Boots
Daysoft
Hubble
Specsavers | easyvision
Vision Express
Waldo
See More >>
Best Sellers
1 Day Acuvue Moist
everclear ADM
Dailies AquaComfort Plus
Acuvue Oasys
1 Day Acuvue Moist for Astigmatism
Dailies Total 1
See More >>
Buyer's Guides
COVID-19 contact lens safety tips
Coronavirus and your eyes
How to put in contact lenses
How to take out contact lenses
How to use eye drops
No prescription contacts
See More >>
Privacy Policy
Under this Privacy Notice, we Vision Direct BV and Vision Dispensing Ltd, each subsidiaries of Essilor International, inform you what personal data of yours we collect when you visit our website or use our services, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Your personal data means any information relating to you, in particular your name and contact details such as your home address, your telephone number or your email address.
Please take the time to read this Privacy Notice carefully, it is very important that you fully understand how we are processing your personal data and how we are protecting your privacy. If you have any questions regarding our use of your personal data, you can of course contact us as set out below:
Our contact details are: Vision Direct, Unit 2, Hudson Court, Great North Way, York Business Park, Nether Poppleton, York YO26 6RB, tel.: 020 7768 5000
Our Data Protection Officer is: Stephane Larrier, Essilor International, 147, Rue de Paris – F-94220 Charenton Le Pont
Data we collect when you visit our website
When you access our website, we automatically collect and store some of your data in our server logs and in cookies, which are small files we send to your computer when you visit our website.
This data does not allow us to directly identify you; however, it records data related to your browsing on our website, such as the pages that you accessed, the date and time you accessed these pages, your search queries, information on your device (hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifier, Internet protocol address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language), the date and time of your request and referral URL.
The provision of your personal data is not required if you only want to visit our website. This means that you may refuse to accept cookies by configuring your web browser accordingly (for more information, refer to the help section of your web browser). However, refusing cookies is likely to disrupt your navigation on our website, in particular by preventing you to access to certain parts of it.
Data we collect when you sign up or when you order products
Some of the services offered on our website require you to sign up. If you want to use these services, we will ask you to provide us with personal data, and we thank you to provide us with complete and accurate data, and also to inform us if your data needs to be updated. If you do not provide us with complete and accurate data, or if you do not inform us that your data needs to be updated, we may not be able to provide you with the services you requested.
We inform you that we may share your personal data with companies outside Vision Direct. Vision Direct reserves the right to share client personal data with any entity member of the Essilor International Group.
We collect the following categories of your personal data:
Identification data. This includes your name, telephone number, e-mail address, home address, login and password and will also include details of any purchases
you have made with us (including the parameters you have entered against ophthalmic products and any prescriptions you have uploaded or emailed to us.
Financial data. This includes in particular your credit card data. Card details are sent directly to the payment provider who provide a secure one-way encrypted token for us to process payments. This token cannot be used to identify your card details.
IT data. This includes data related to your browsing on our website, such as the pages that you accessed, the date and time you accessed to these pages, your search queries, information on your device (hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, Internet protocol address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language), the date and time of your request and referral URL. We may also record interactions such as mouse clicks and navigation in order to improve customer experience.
How we use personal data we collect
We only use your personal data within the limits authorized by the laws and regulations. Sometimes, we shall use your personal data because the laws and regulations require us to do so. In any case, we do not make any automated decisions solely on automatic processing which may produce legal effects concerning you, or similarly significantly affect you.
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
We use your identification data to facilitate delivery of goods you have purchased from us, update you on the progress of your order, send reminders for replenishment, process automatic re-orders, handle returns and service your account and to contact you in case of a product recall. Such a process is based on the agreement we enter into.
We use your financial data to process payments and refunds and to store information as required to fulfil our tax and other regulatory obligations.
We use your IT data to improve your experience on our website, identify and report on bugs and issues, assess the impact of changes we make on customer behaviour, analyse and improve the performance of the website. Such a process is operated for our legitimate interest.
How long we keep personal data we collect
The period for which we store your personal data is shown in the table below:
Category of data
Retention period
Identification data
10 years from date of transaction
Financial data
10 years from date of transaction
IT data
12 years from date of interaction
How we protect personal data
We have measures in place to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, including without limitation:
We implement and maintain sophisticated technical measures to ensure that your personal data is recorded and processed in complete confidentiality and security.
We implement and maintain appropriate restrictions on access to your personal data, and monitoring of the access, use, and transfer of personal data.
All of our employees who have access to your personal data are required to enter into non-disclosure or similar agreements, which imposes obligations on them to comply with our data privacy and confidentiality requirements.
We require any business partners and third party service providers with whom we may share your personal data to comply with any applicable data privacy and confidentiality requirements.
We provide data privacy training on a regular basis to our employees and third parties who have access to personal data.
What rights you have
Under applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have the right:
Of access to, rectification of, and/or erasure of your personal data;
To restrict or object to its processing;
To tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing information;
In some circumstances, to require certain of your personal data to be transferred to you or a third party
To the extent our processing of your personal data is based upon your consent, to withdraw your consent, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
We are committed to enabling you to exercise your rights: to do so, you can contact us at the details set out at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. Please provide us with the following information, so that we can take on your request with all due consideration:
Your name and surname, and a photocopy of your id (photo id such as passport or driving license and proof of address)
Your specific petition (in other words, what rights you want to exercise)
The date of the application and your signature (if you sent your application by postal mail)
If you are not happy with the response you get from us after contacting us, you can also lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with a data protection authority.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Notice, in particular to make it compliant with new laws and regulations regarding data protection but even if this Privacy Notice may change from time to time, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without your explicit consent.