http://www.dustmitex.com/policies/terms-of-service
SHOP NOW
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
BLOG
ASTHMA BOOK
Log in
Search
Contact
888-353-2649
info@ecologyworks.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OF $100 OR MORE
Terms of service
Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to the use of this Web site as well as all transactions conducted through the site.
Legal Notice
All notices from The Ecology Works to You may be posted on our Web site and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from You to The Ecology Works shall be made either by e-mail, sent to the address we provide on our Web site, or first-class mail to our address at:
The Ecology Works 3755 Fiscal Ct. Suite. B West Palm Beach, FL 33404
Copyright
All content appearing on this Web site is the property of:
The Ecology Works, Inc. 3755 Fiscal Ct. Suite B West Palm Beach, FL 33404 Copyright © 2012-2015 The Ecology Works. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2012-2015 The Ecology Works. All rights reserved.
Trademark
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by The Ecology Works. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of The Ecology Works or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
Use of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. The Ecology Works and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if The Ecology Works believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of The Ecology Works and its subsidiaries.
Privacy Policy
The Ecology Works use of personal information that you may submit to The Ecology Works through this Web site is governed by the The Ecology Works Privacy Policy. The Ecology Works will not distribute customers billing and shipping information to any third-party websites or software.
Shipping & Delivering
At this time, The Ecology Works ships merchandise to locations within the United States and U.S. territories, including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands. Additionally, The Ecology Works ships merchandise to Canada and Mexico upon request. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this web site pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier. Free shipping on orders of or over $100 is restricted to the continental U.S. territory. Excluded Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam and the US Virgin Islands. Free shipping only applies to ground or home delivery.
Return Policy
100% Satisfaction is guaranteed!
If, within 30 days, you are, for any reason, dissatisfied with any purchase, we will gladly replace the product, exchange it for another product, or refund your purchase price, whichever you desire.
Please Call Us First Before Returning Anything and get a return authorization code.
Before you go to the trouble of sending the product back to us, please call our customer support department at 1.561.848.1717. We won’t try to talk you out of making the return and we promise to make the process as easy, convenient and inexpensive for you as we possibly can. Our Expert Staff members are available from 9:00am to 5:00pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday, except for holidays. They will provide you with an authorization code that you need to write on the outside of the box you are returning the items in. If you prefer, you can e-mail your questions or concerns to info@ecologyworks.com
Is Something Missing, Damaged, Or Defective?
If something is damaged, please save the box and all packing materials and call us immediately.
Please inspect your order as soon as it arrives. In the rare instance we do not have an item in stock, it will be indicated on the invoice (under the B/O column) and shipped as soon as possible with no additional shipping charge. If something is missing, damaged, or defective, please call our Expert Customer Support Department at 1.561.848.1717 Mon-Fri 9:00am-5:00pm Eastern Time. We will take care of the problem at our expense with the least possible inconvenience for you.
Is There Something You Want To Return Or Exchange?
If the item was shipped from The Ecology Works, return authorization is not required for an exchange or refund. Before you to go the trouble of sending the product back to us, please call our customer support department at 1.561.848.1717.
We never charge a restocking fee for any item. However, shipping charges for your original order and for the return are not refundable unless the item is defective or damaged in shipment. Refunds will be issued to the same credit card that was used to purchase the item(s) returned. No checks will be mailed. The Customer is responsible for the shipping costs associated with returns or exchanges.
To return your product, you should mail your product to: The Ecology Works 3755 Fiscal Ct. Suite B. West Palm Beach, FL 33404
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Refund Policy
Our policy lasts 30 days. Your refund claim must be submitted before the 30-day mark from the purchase date.
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please take in consideration where the product was purchased. If the product was purchased from a distributor it needs to be returned to the same distributor. Please refer to distributor’s return policies.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable) If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted. Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted. If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@ecologyworks.com
Sale items (if applicable) Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter for exclusive offers and to stay up to date on events.
Close (esc)
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Alternatively use it as a simple call to action with a link to a product or a page.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Main menu
Home
Shop Now
About Us
Reviews
Contact Us
Asthma Book
Blog
Become a Distributor
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now