http://www.richmondcamera.com/terms-conditions-policies
Home
Shop
RC Merchandise
Canon Cameras
Nikon Cameras
Lenses
Bags & Cases
Tripods, Supports, & Rigs
Camera Accessories
Film & Instant Cameras
Flash Accessories
Memory & Storage
Studio
RODE Mics
Lab Services
Order Prints & More Now!
Prints & Enlargements
Greeting Cards
Gallery Wraps & Wall Decor
Calendars & Photo Books
Photo Gift & Keepsakes
Restoration & Retouching
Scanning Services
Video Transfer
Photo Lab Services Guide (PDF)
Camera Rentals & Repairs
Blog
About Us
Our Story
Our Location
Our Events
Menu
ReturnS and Exchanges:At Richmond Camera we strive to provide the best quality products available and the best customer service possible. The goal of our Returns and Exchanges policy is to insure our customers with a quick resolution to any issue they may be experiencing while maintaining the high quality standard we have for our merchandise.Online Orders:To provide a quick resolution to any return or exchange all returns or exchanges must be made within 10 days of delivery. Additionally, all returned or exchanged items must have all original manufacturers packaging, materials and accessories, including instruction booklets, packing inserts, and blank warranty cards. Any tag(s) that was attached to the merchandise must also still be in place to be eligible to return or exchange.Richmond Camera will not take returns or exchanges on memory cards, batteries, software, DVDs or any item in a “blister pack” once the product has been opened.Merchandise missing the original Universal Product Code (UPC) cannot be returned. When shipping returns back the original manufacturer's labeled packaging should be enclosed within an outer shipping box. Please do not write or place shipping labels or stickers on the manufacturer's packaging.Richmond Camera does not accept COD or freight collect shipments. We also recommend, when shipping a return, use a carrier that provides a tracking number and insurance.In-Store Purchases:1. Any refund, return or exchange must be made within 10 days of date of purchase.2. Customer must provide original Richmond Camera proof of purchase.3. Merchandise must be in resalable condition. All packaging much be intact.4. There are no returns on sensitized products, such as film, paper, chemicals or any other products that can be damaged by exposure to light or extreme temperature changes.5. There are no returns on computer software, videotapes, media cards, digital media, bulbs or batteries.6. No returns on special orders.7. Defective merchandise will be handled according to the policies of the manufacturer.8. Returns on cameras, flashes and lenses will be charged a 20% restocking fee.9. Refunds will be issued in the original form of tender. Any cash refund over $20.00 will be issued a check from our Broad Street office. If a refund is to be issued on a credit card, the cardholder must be present.Terms & Conditions:PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc The collective work includes works that are licensed to Richmond Camera Shop, Inc Copyright 2003, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. or purchasing Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. or to purchase Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Richmond Camera Shop, Inc .You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityRichmond Camera Shop, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeRichmond Camera Shop, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Richmond Camera Shop, Inc.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Virginia, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Virginia. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Richmond Camera Shop, Inc)'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerRichmond Camera Shop, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Richmond Camera Shop, Inc its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Richmond Camera Shop, Inc Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Richmond Camera Shop, Inc These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Richmond Camera Shop, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).Privacy Policy:What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Richmond Camera Shop Inc.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Terms, Conditions, & Policies