http://www.interwatches.com/privacy
Brands
Rolex
Panerai
Patek Philippe
Audemars Piguet
Cartier
Bulgari Jewelry
Hublot
IWC
Jaeger LeCoultre
Tag Heuer
Omega
Bulgari
Alain Silberstein
Baume & Mercier
Bell & Ross
Breitling
Chopard
Gucci
Longines
My Way
Rolex Accesories
Rolex Cellini
Rolex Dials
Rolex old
Rolex Tudor
Technomarine
Tressa
U Boat
Ulysse Nardin
Watchmania
Pre-Owned Watches
Parts and Accessories
About
Privacy Policies
Interwatches.com Inc. Privacy Statement
Interwatches.com Inc. through its Internet site interwatches.com is committed
to providing you with excellent service for all of our products.
Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed this
Privacy Statement to inform you about our privacy practices for the
entire interwatches.com site.
Information We Gather from You
Personal Information
There are two ways in which you may explicitly and intentionally provide us
with and consent to our collection of certain personal information:
E-mail Request for Information or Registrations for our Newsletter
We use links throughout our site to provide you with the opportunity
to contact us via e-mail to ask questions, request information or
provide comments and suggestions. You may also be offered the
opportunity to have one of our representatives contact you personally
to provide additional information about our products. To do so, we
may request additional personal information from you, such as your
name and telephone number, to help us satisfy your request.
Registration
If you choose to register to become a customer, we will request
certain information from you. We may require your name, address,
telephone number, e-mail address.
Under no circumstances do we collect any personal data revealing racial or
ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sex life.
Statistical Information about Your Visit
When you visit our site, our computers may automatically collect
statistics about your visit. This information does not identify you
personally, but rather identifies information about a visit to our
site. We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our
site, the user's IP address, which pages people visit, from which
domains our visitors come and which browsers people use. We use these
statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only. These
statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our Web
site.
Use of Cookies
We only use "cookies" as described in this Section. A "cookie"
is a piece of information that our Web site sends to your browser,
which then stores this information on your system. If a cookie is
used, our Web site will be able to "remember" information
about you and your preferences either until you exit your current
browser window (if the cookie is temporary) or until you disable or
delete the cookie. Many users prefer to use cookies in order to help
them navigate a Web site as seamlessly as possible. You should be
aware that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer,
and they are not able to "invade" your hard drive and
return to the sender personal or other information from your
computer.