http://www.warnersstellian.com/privacy-policy
Kitchen Appliances
Kitchen Packages
Refrigerators
Ranges
Dishwashers
Wall Ovens
Microwaves
Cooktops & Rangetops
Built-In Coffee Makers
Freezers & Icemakers
Ventilation
Warming Drawers
Disposals & Compactors
Kitchen Accessories
Laundry
Laundry Pairs
Washers & Dryers
Laundry Related Accessories
Outdoor
Propane Grills
Pellet Grills
Natural Gas Grills
Charcoal Grills
Grill Covers
Grill Accessories
Home Solutions
Heating, Venting and Cooling
Smart Home Products
Water Treatment
Vacuum Cleaners
Sinks & Faucets
Home Solutions Accessories
Shop Brands
Affresh
Alfresco
Amana
American Range
Artisan
Asko
Avanti
Azure
beko
Blaze Grills
Bosch
Brisas
Broan
Broil King
BroilMaster
Bryson Industries Inc
Café
Cerama Bryte
Cove
Dacor
Danby
DCS by Fisher & Paykel
Electrolux
Electrolux Icon
Element
Elkay
Every Drop
Fisher&Paykel
Frigidaire
Frigidaire Gallery
Frigidaire Professional
Gaggenau
GE
GE Profile
Glisten
Haier
Hestan
Hotpoint
Jenn-Air
KitchenAid
La Cornue
LG
LG SIGNATURE
LG STUDIO
Liebherr
Marlo
Marvel
Marvel Professional
Maytag
Míele
Monogram
Nest
Perlick
Primo Grill and Smokers
Rheem
Samsung
Scotsman
Sharp
Silhouette
Silhouette Professional
Smart Choice
Smeg
Speed Queen
Sub-Zero
Thermador
Traeger
True Residential
U-Line
Ultra Detergent
Vent-A-Hood
Viking
Viking Professional
Water Doctors
Weber
Whirlpool
Wolf
Zephyr
Shop Sales
Shop Outlet
Home
Privacy Policy - Warners Stellian Minneapolis, St. Paul MN
Privacy policy & security
Warners’ Stellian respects the privacy of individuals in all aspects of our business operations. We have a longstanding commitment to protecting the personal information of our customers and affiliates when providing services. Your personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by Warners’ Stellian in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about our company and website
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of a company like warnersstellian.com.
We are based in St. Paul, Minnesota (MN), USA
Our principal activity is: Home and Kitchen Appliances Sales and Service.
Our privacy policy covers warnersstellian.com and its associated web sites
Organization Name: Warners’ Stellian Company, Inc
Address: 550 Atwater Circle, St. Paul, MN 55103
Country: USA
Controller: Warners’ Stellian Company, Inc.
Web Site(s): www.warnersstellian.com, www.wsappliance.com, www.wsappliances.com
Providing visitors with anonymous access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
You will not receive any unsolicited emails simply as a result of visiting our site. You can remove your address from our e-mail list at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link within e-mails you receive from us. We do not sell or exchange e-mail addresses with third parties, which is guaranteed by our Privacy Policy.
Links to and from our website
Our website may include links to third party web service providers (other web sites). We provide these links only as a convenience to our site visitors. We do not endorse the products or services offered or described on the sites we may link to, and we are not responsible in any way for information, services or content contained in these third party web sites, nor are we responsible for their Privacy Policies. Be sure to review the Privacy Policy of any web site you visit.
Automatic collection of information and use of “cookies”
We may automatically log visitor data by means such as programming or we may link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the purposes of technical administration of the website, customer administration (shopping cart, wish list, credit card transactions, etc.), and marketing. We use cookies to facilitate the administration of the site. We only use cookies for information that is not personally identifiable. We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data collection and purpose specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. The data we may collect about our site visitors and users may include name, address, email address, phone/fax numbers, credit card information and passwords. The information we collect may be used for technical administration of the web site, for customer administration, for shipping and payment, and/or for marketing.
Having read this policy and by using our web site and services, and providing us with your personal information, you imply your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and acceptance of Warners’ Stellian’s Terms and Conditions as specified herein. Wherever possible and when necessary, we obtain your express consent for particular uses and disclosures. You imply your consent if we feel we are using your personal information for purposes that are obvious to the services provided by Warners’ Stellian.
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes by indicating in a box at the point on the site where personal data is collected
Universal Analytics
Warners’ Stellian uses Universal Google Analytics to track information about its visitors including demographic and interest-based data. This information helps us understand our audience and tailor our website and marketing communication for an optimal user experience.
Warners’ Stellian and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and anonymous identifiers to determine visitor’s age and demographics. When someone visits a website that has partnered with the Google Display Network, Google stores a number in their browsers (using a “cookie“) to remember their visits. This number uniquely identifies a web browser on a specific computer, not a specific person. Browsers may be associated with a demographic category, such as gender or age range, based on the sites that were visited.
As always, we respect your privacy. We only use cookies for information that is not personally identifiable. Warners’ Stellian will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature.
Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google Ads Settings. You can also learn more about opting-out of Google Analytics by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add On
Disclosure and visitor choice
We do not disclose your personal data to any other Organizations. Where we disclose your personal data for purposes which are different from those indicated in this Privacy Statement, we offer you the opportunity to consent to disclosure.
Confidentiality / security
Our site uses the most sophisticated encryption technologies and secure transmission methods to allow you to send us the following types of personal data with complete confidence:
Primary personal data – such as name and contact details.
Identifiers – such as credit card details and Web site password.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
We have staff procedures and policies in place to ensure that your personal information, in both paper and electronic format, are secure. For example, we require the following:
Warners’ Stellian employees carry security cards to enter the premises, and all others are not permitted into our work area unless escorted and supervised by a Warners’ Stellian staff member
Filing cabinets remain in private staff areas or in locked premises at times when no Warners’ Stellian personnel are in the staff area to supervise visitors.
Access to electronic and paper files is limited on a need-to-know basis depending on job function.
Password selection criteria and expiration make unauthorized access more difficult.
Staff training on the importance of privacy and security is undertaken regularly.
Through our website, you can ask questions about our services, and provide information about yourself. Thus, personal information entered through our site is collected and transferred to a password protected, secure server equipped with an enterprise firewall.
All financial information you provide is encrypted on our secure servers to ensure its protection.
If you provide personal information to us via unencrypted e-mail you should be aware of the inherent risks of interception over which we have no control.
Please see also our Site Policies and Terms of Use
chat
Due to challenges related to COVID, item stock status may be inaccurate. Confirm with a sales associate if your need is immediate.