http://www.northstarmotorsports.com/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING ON MOST ORDERS OVER $99
800.356.2080
Cart Items: 0
| Subtotal: $0.00
View Cart   |   Checkout
HOME
DRIVER GEAR
Helmets and Accessories
Helmets
Helmet Bags
Helmet Accessories
Shields and Visors
Tear-Offs
Racing Suits
Head and Neck Restraints
Racing Shoes
Racing Gloves
Nomex Underwear
Balaclavas - Headsocks
Long Sleeve Tops and T-Shirts
Bottoms and Pants
Socks
Underwear Sets
Driver Cooling Systems
Driver Cool Shirt Systems
Driver Cool Shirts
Driver Helmet Blowers
Helmet Drink System
Drink Bags
Gear Bags and Sportswear
Racing Gear Bags
Northstar Gear
_Driver Gear9_
CAR PRODUCTS
Brake Pads and Accessories
Pagid Racing Brake Pads
Endless Street and Racing Brake Pads
Brake Fluid and Bleeder Bottles
Harnesses - Mounts - Restraints
Racing Harnesses
Tuning Harnesses
Harness Accessories
Seat Belt Mount Kits
Harness Mount Bars
Arm Restraints
Seats and Accessories
Racing Seats
Sport Seats
Side Mounts and Sliders
Vehicle Specific Seat Brackets
Exterior Vehicle Accessories
Car Care Products
Decals and Numbers
Hood Pins
Kill Switches
Race Tape
Tow Hooks
Interior Vehicle Accessories
Steering Wheels
Hub Adapters
Quick Release Hubs
Pedal Covers
Shift Knobs
Oil - Lubricants - Filters
Data - Timing - Video - Radios
Lap Timers and Data Acquisition
Video
Camera Mounts
Radio Systems
Fire Suppression
Strut Tower Braces
Roll Bars
Roll Bars for Porsche
Roll Bar Padding
Seat Back Braces
BRAKE PADS
Pagid Racing Brake Pads
Endless Street and Racing Brake Pads
SUPPORT GEAR
Racing Videos
Fuel Jugs and Funnels
Tire Gauges
_Support Equipment4_
BRANDS
AiM
Alpinestars
Amerex
Arai
Ate
Bell
BMC
Brey - Krause
CamelBak
Castrol
Cobra
COOLSHIRT Systems
Corbeau
Endless
Fresh Air Systems
GoPro
HANS Performance Products
Helmet Fresh
HJC
I O Port
Intercomp
ISC
Longacre
Mahle
Molecule Labs
MOMO
Motul
Northstar Motorsports
OMP
Pagid
Planted Seat Bracket Technology
Porsche
Pyrotect
Racing Radios
Recaro
Red Line Oil
Sabelt
Schroth
Scribner
Solotime
SPA Technique
Sparco
Stilo
TrackArmour
VP Racing Fuels
VIP CLUBS
GIFT GUIDE
Gift Cards
Popular Gift Ideas
Entry-Level Racer Gift Ideas
Gift Ideas Under $50
Gift Ideas $50 - $100
Gift Ideas $100 - $300
Gift Ideas $300 - $500
Gift Ideas $500 - $1000
Luxe Gifts
Gift Ideas For the Racer Who Has it All
SALE
Air Filters on Sale
Video Equip on Sale
Accessories on Sale
Underwear on Sale
Suits on Sale
Helmets on Sale
_SALE ITEMS7_
_SALE ITEMS8_
_SALE ITEMS9_
_SALE ITEMS10_
Northstar Motorsports Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Northstar Motorsports collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.northstarmotorsports.com/ website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Northstar Motorsports.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Northstar Motorsports may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Northstar Motorsports has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Northstar Motorsports
http://www.northstarmotorsports.com
Northstar Motorsports 28144 W. Industrial Ave., Suite 108, Lake Barrington, IL 60010
1-800-356-2080
info@northstarmotorsports.com
This document was last updated on October 09, 2014