http://www.tealeaves.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Are you on the right TEALEAVES site?
Want to shop on our
store?
Yes, Please
No, Thank You
TEA
COLLECTIONS
New In
Health & Wellness
Best Sellers
Tea & Botanical Powders
Winter Blends
Lattea
Pantone Collection
Samplers
Custom Blends
LOOSE LEAF
Black
Green
Herbal
Oolong
Rooibos
White
View All
TEABAGS
TEALEAVES Subscriptions
Signature Teabags
Classic Teabags
Paper Teabags
Assortments
View All
ICED
Iced Tea Pitcher Sachets
Bubble Tea
View All
HOLIDAY
HOLIDAY COLLECTIONS
Holiday Gift Guide
Stocking Stuffers
Holiday Blends
Wellness Gifts
Sustainable Sips
GIFTS & TEAWARE
Gift Sets
Teaware & Accessories
Gifts Under $50
Gifts Under $100
Gift A Tea Subscription
Corporate Gifting
Tea QuizEXPLORE
TEA EDUCATION
What is Tea?
How to Make Tea
Tea Culture
EXPLORE
Cooking with Tea
Mixology Recipes
#AfternoonTealeaves
Cherry Blossom
Nutcracker
Lunar New Year
ABOUT
ABOUT
Our Story
Our Ethos
OnBlend: A TEALEAVES Magazine
SUSTAINABILITY
In Good Taste
Garden of Secrets Initiative
Packaging
COLLABORATIONS
Garden of Secrets
Pantone Color of the Year
Language of Aroma
Palette For Your Palate
Barrel Aged TEALEAVES
Basic White T-Pot
World's Most Expensive Bubble Tea
Account
My Cart
Your cart is empty
Free Shipping for Orders $75 and Over. Order by december 11 to avoid shipping delays.
LAST UPDATED: Vancouver, June 21, 2020
We consider all customer information to be personal and confidential, including orders and the products they purchase or inquire about. We respect the right to privacy and therefore, we will not sell or rent personal information to any outside organization. The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and improve your TEALEAVES experience. Here are the types of information we gather. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the Tealeaves websites.
By accessing this webpage, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection
You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and Canada.We may collect and store the following personal information:
Information You Give Us:
Name
Email address
Phone/Fax numbers
Shipping address (If applicable)
Credit card number (for orders only)
Expiration date of credit card
Other information you provide to create an account, purchase or ship an item, or correspondence sent to us.
At registration, you are given the opportunity to specify your communication preferences. You may change these preferences at any time. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take full advantage of our features. We use the information you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.If you take a survey or interact with us in various other ways, we may store your responses on demographics and information about subjects that may interest you.
We may also collect hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking and targeted advertising purposes. For more information, please refer to the Privacy Policy of our Third-Party Partner, Xandr.
Automatic Information:
We may automatically collect website use information when you visit our Sites or interact with our services, content, and advertising. This information may include information about your Internet Service Provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the website that referred you, the Web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. Our collection of website use information may involve the use of cookies. Cookies are small data files stored on your device by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features to count visits.
How does TEALEAVES use information about you?
Process and manage your orders, purchase and use of TEALEAVES products and services, including your accounts and program participation; inform as to order status, order questions, and product updates.
Respond to your customer service inquiries, post your comments or statements on any blog or other online forum maintained on our Sites without reference to any identifiable personal information, or take other actions in response to your inquiries or other Site activities.
Create personalized promotions by combining your personal information with non-personal information about you, such as the amounts and types of purchases you make or any benefits you receive through our programs.
Serve retargeted ads to you based on your behavior on TEALEAVES.com, of which you have the ability to opt-out.
Communicate with you about your orders, your services, accounts and program participation, a contest you have entered, and your requests for information.
If you opt-in to receive such information, communicate with you about our brands, products, events or other promotional purposes, including co-branded offers and affiliate and partner offers.
Compare information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties.
Marketing
We don’t sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising. If you don’t wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your preference in My Account or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
TEALEAVES shares your personal information in limited ways. We may share personal information about you with others with your consent.Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States and Canada. We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use many tools (such as encryption, passwords, physical security) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. We share customer information as described below.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf and provide services to us. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending marketing e-mails, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies may use information about you to perform their functions on our behalf. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We may disclose specific information (i) upon lawful request, in response to legal process, and when required to comply with laws, (ii) to enforce our agreements, corporate policies, and terms of use or (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of TEALEAVES, our employees, agents, customers, and others.
Please note that your personal information may be stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States differ from those in Canada. By providing Tealeaves with your personal information, you consent to the collection, transfer and processing of your personal information to and from both the United States and Canada and agree that your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts or law enforcement in the United States according to the laws of the United States.If you participate in any blog or other online forum on our Sites, any personal information that you post on our Sites may be shared with other forum participants and Site visitors.
Third Parties
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, whether they are financial institutions or shippers, on our sites or other sites throughout the internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. TEALEAVES does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Cookies
We use cookies (small files placed on your device) on certain pages to (i) help analyze our web page traffic flow, (ii) customize our services, content and advertising, (iii) measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. Cookies are unique identifiers that enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Bag between visits.
A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies.
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status.
Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session.
When you are visiting TEALEAVES.com, third parties may place cookies on your browser for personalized advertising purposes.
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services.
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of TEALEAVES.com’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on.
Account Protection
Your password is the key to your account. Kindly use unique numbers, letters and special characters, and do not disclose your TEALEAVES password to anyone. If you do share your password or your personal information with others, note that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify TEALEAVES and change your password.
What choices does TEALEAVES offer about personal information?
We offer choices for you to request to update or change your personal information and how we communicate with you. To protect the security and integrity of your information, we will also verify your identify before granting access or making corrections. Here are some of the ways you can request changes:
Follow the opt-out instructions in promotional emails we send you.
Log in to your TEALEAVES.com account, if you have one, and visit the profile management section to manage your contact information (phone number, email and postal address) preferences and to update your personal information.
Call 1-888-291-8327
If you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may still send you non-promotional communications such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Opting Out of Retargeted Ads
Web browser:
To opt-out of Xandr targeted advertising, please click here. Please note that this function depends on the browser being used and an “opt-out” cookie. Therefore, if you delete your cookies or update your browser following your opting-out ,the opt-out process will have to be repeated.
Mobile devices:
To opt-out of receiving retargeting ads on your mobile device, follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher:
Go to your setting > Privacy > Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher:
Open your Google Settings app >
Ads > Enable “Opt out of ads personalization”
How secure is information about me?
We work to protect the security of your information and maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security help prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personal information. While we take these reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information, no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer. Be sure to sign off when you’ve finished using a shared computer.
Are children allowed to use TEALEAVES.com?
Our Sites are general audience sites that are not designed nor intended to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children, children under the age of 13 should not provide any Personal Information on the Sites. We ask that parents supervise their children while online. TEALEAVES.com does not sell products for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use TEALEAVES.com sites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes and improvements in the way we protect your personal information. When we do so, we will notify users of the site by posting the new privacy policy on this page and changing the date at the top of the policy.
We encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy when you visit this Site for any updates or changes. Your use of our site following any change signifies your agreement to the modified rules.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments and concerns about privacy.
TEALEAVES Customer Relations can be contacted online, by phone at 1-888-291-8327 or by postal mail at Qi Botanical Tea (Canada) Ltd., dba Tealeaves, Attn: Legal – Privacy Practices, PO Box 27537 Oakridge Postal Outlet, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 4M4.
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. If your questions are not answered online, you may write to us at Qi Botanical Tea (Canada) Ltd., dba Tealeaves, Attn: Legal – Privacy Practices, PO Box 27537 Oakridge Postal Outlet, Vancouver, British Columbia V5Z 4M4.