http://www.themagiczoo.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Magic Zoo makes a firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Information Collected Automatically
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Information Collected When Provided by You
When you order a product from us on our website we collect name, address, phone number and email address in order to process and mail your order or to contact you with any questions about your order.Security of Your Information
We take precautions to protect your information. Wherever we collect sensitive information via our website (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Our website does not store your credit card information.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
Why Did You Receive Email From Us?
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How Can You Stop Receiving Email From Us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
Cookies
This website may use “cookies” as needed to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
This policy was created on July 18th, 2020.
The Magic ZooPO Box 337
×
OK
Join The Magic Zoo Club!
Be the first to hear about Merry's latest designs and special offers.
Email Address