https://www.littleangels.ie/content/4-about-us-privacy
»
About us & Privacy
About us
Who are Little Angels?
We are the leading independent nursery retailer in the West of Ireland. We offer independent advice on all nursery products and help our customers choose products which suit their needs. Our products are available to purchase online with nationwide delivery. We have over 28 years’ experience in the Nursery trade, and we were the first Irish Company to establish an E-commerce website for baby products back in 2004.
You can now order products from the comfort of your own home and have them delivered directly to you. Alternatively, you can have any item or gift delivered to a different address. We stock many more products in our stores than what’s available to purchase online at present. We are in the process of adding our entire range of products to the website. So, in the meantime, if you cannot find a product you require please contact us and we will be happy to check your query out.
FREE DELIVERY ON ALL ORDERS OVER €50
We offer a free delivery service on all orders over €50 for orders within the Republic of Ireland. Orders which are under €50, a €5.99 charge will be added to your order to cover postage and carriage. If you wish to order products outside of Ireland, eg Northern Ireland, UK and the rest of the world please contact us regarding delivery options and associated costs.
We have an amazing range of Baby Clothes 0-2 years along with baby basics, we specialise in Christening wear and all the accessories that go with that special occasion. We stock a wide range of Maternity wear and accessories.
Where are Little Angels located?
Castlebar - N5 Retail Park, Moneen. Tel 094-9025398
Why shop at Little Angels?
We guarantee personal attention.
We provide a professional service to all our customers
We promise that your shopping experience will be a pleasure whether you are looking for something in Baby Wear, Children's Clothes, Nursery Equipment or Maternity.
We will try and source specific products for specific customer needs.
We have a Price Promise which ensures we will match the price from the same product locally
Privacy Notice
At Little Angels, your privacy is very important to us. We have a policy of protecting the privacy of information contained or gathered via this website. We safeguard the use of information that registered members of its online directories have submitted. Our Internet site is meant to be a service you. In order to provide you with the best products, excellent information and quality customer service, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. Little Angels uses the information given to us to enable us to improve and enhance our service to you in the future. From time to time we use e-mails to let you know about our new products, special offers and sales.  If you do not wish to be part of our information service and receive any promotional offers just follow the removal procedure at the base of the e-mail you receive.
When you supply us with your telephone number online you may hear from us by telephone if there is a query regarding your order or our courier company may ring to arrange a time for delivery or check your address for direction information.
We are committed to respecting the privacy rights of all our visitors. Little Angels will not sell or transfer the names of its online directories and maintain confidentiality of such information when undertaking projects with other companies, organisations and trade associations. We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal data you provide to us in accordance with Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003 and GDPR privacy laws.
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.littleangels.ie
Personal Information We Collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier.  For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card details) email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
You may have joined our Customer Club (newsletter) on-line or instore. You will have provided us with your name, your email address and your telephone number.
You may have entered a social media competition on our Facebook page and provided us with your name, email address and telephone number
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).  Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you, screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site and help us improve our services to you. We may collect anonymised details about visitors to our site for the purposes of aggregate statistics or reporting purposes, however, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details we collect. you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful requests for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
E-Mail Newsletter Preferences and Text Alerts
We provide you with the ability to control whether or not to receive e-mails or text message promotions: If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email.
We will never ask you for your credit card details or account log-in via email or text. Should you ever receive a message requesting the above information, please ignore and do not respond.
Behavioural Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt-out of targeted advertising by using the link information below:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en- us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Your Rights
European residents have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the email address below:
info@littleanglels.ie
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Minors
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen years.
Changes
Our privacy policy was last amended in May 2018. We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@littleangels.ie or by mail using the details provided below:
Little Angels N5 Retail Park, Moneen, Castlebar, Co Mayo Ireland
Secure Payments
Anti Fraud Measures - Protecting our customers
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made.  You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity and protect you against the fraudulent use of your credit, debit or charge cards. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. All your personal information, credit card details, address and phone numbers are encrypted via the secure purchase area of our website. We use industry standards SSI technology to ensure all sensitive information is fully encrypted. We use PAY PAL and Stripe to ensure secure payments for your purchases.
Sale
New products
Delivery
About us & Privacy
Secure payment
Contact us
Copyright 2016 Little Angels. All Rights Reserved
Designed by ACTIVE DESIGN