https://www.prpseats.com/delivery-and-shipping-policy/
Skip to content
PRP Seats – Delivery and Shipping Policy
PRP Seats (“we” and “us”) is the operator of (https://www.prpseats.com/) (“Website”). By placing an order through this Website you will be agreeing to the terms below. These are provided to ensure both parties are aware of and agree upon this arrangement to mutually protect and set expectations on our service.
1. General
Subject to stock availability. We try to maintain accurate stock counts on our website but from time-to-time there may be a stock discrepancy and we will not be able to fulfill all your items at time of purchase. In this instance, we will fulfill the available products to you, and contact you about whether you would prefer to await restocking of the backordered item or if you would prefer for us to process a refund.
2. Shipping Costs
Shipping costs are calculated during checkout based on weight, dimensions and destination of the items in the order. Payment for shipping will be collected with the purchase. This price will be the final price for shipping cost to the customer.
3. Returns, Refunds, Exchanges
Please see our returns and refunds page: https://www.prpseats.com/refund-policy/
4. Delivery Terms
4.1 Transit Time Domestically
In general, domestic shipments are in transit for 2 – 7 days
4.2 Transit time Internationally
Generally, orders shipped internationally are in transit for 4 – 22 days. This varies greatly depending on the courier you have elected. We are able to offer a more specific estimate when you are choosing your courier at checkout.
4.3 Dispatch Time
Orders are usually dispatched within 2 business days of payment of order Our warehouse operates on Monday – Friday during standard business hours, except on national holidays at which time the warehouse will be closed. In these instances, we take steps to ensure shipment delays will be kept to a minimum.
4.4 Change Of Delivery Address
For change of delivery address requests, we are able to change the address at any time before the order has been dispatched.
4.5 P.O. Box Shipping
PRP Seats will ship to P.O. box addresses using postal services only. We are unable to offer couriers services to these locations.
4.6 Military Address Shipping
We are able to ship to military addresses using USPS. We are unable to offer this service using courier services.
4.7 Items Out Of Stock
If an item is out of stock, we will dispatch the in-stock items immediately and send the remaining items once they return to stock.
4.8 Delivery Time Exceeded
If delivery time has exceeded the forecasted time, please contact us so that we can conduct an investigation.
5. Tracking Notifications
Upon dispatch, customers will receive a tracking link from which they will be able to follow the progress of their shipment based on the latest updates made available by the shipping provider.
6. Parcels Damaged In Transit
If you find a parcel is damaged in-transit, if possible, please reject the parcel from the courier and get in touch with our customer service. If the parcel has been delivered without you being present, please contact customer service with next steps.
7. Duties & Taxes
7.1 Sales Tax
Sales tax has already been applied to the price of the goods as displayed on the website
7.2 Import Duties & Taxes
Import duties and taxes for international shipments may be liable to be paid upon arrival in destination country. This varies by country, and PRP Seats encourage you to be aware of these potential costs before placing an order with us.
If you refuse to pay duties and taxes upon arrival at your destination country, the goods will be returned to PRP Seats at the customers expense, and the customer will receive a refund for the value of goods paid, minus the cost of the return shipping. The cost of the initial shipping will not be refunded.
8. Cancellations
If you change your mind before you have received your order, we are able to accept cancellations at any time before the order has been dispatched. If an order has already been dispatched, please refer to our refund policy.
9. Insurance
Parcels are insured for loss and damage up to the value as stated by the courier.
9.1 Process for parcel damaged in-transit
We will process a refund or replacement as soon as the courier has completed their investigation into the claim.
9.2 Process for parcel lost in-transit
We will process a refund or replacement as soon as the courier has conducted an investigation and deemed the parcel lost.
10. Customer service
For all customer service enquiries, please email us at customerservice@prpseats.com
Search for:
UTV
UTV Seats
Polaris Seats
Arctic Cat Seats
Can-Am Seats
Kawasaki Seats
Yamaha Seats
Honda Seats
UTV Storage
Polaris Storage
Textron Storage
Can-Am Storage
Kawasaki Storage
Yamaha Storage
Honda Storage
Exterior Accessories
Doors
Soft Tops
Spare Tire Mounts
Suspension Accessories
Bumpers
Miscellaneous
Interior Accessories
Steering Wheels
Dash Plates
Window Nets
Seat Accessories
Miscellaneous
Off-Road
Jeep
Jeep Seat Covers
Daily Driver Series
Jeep Rear Benches
Accessories
Mounts
4×4
Toyota Seat Covers
Premier Series
Daily Driver Series
Bench Seats
Harnesses
Buggy
Premier Series
Competition Series
Roadster
Bench Seats
Harnesses
Race
Competition Series
Harnesses
Limit Straps
Custom Window Nets
Harnesses
5.3 Custom Harness (SFI 16.1)
5.3 Harness (SFI 16.1)
6.3×2 Harness (SFI 16.5)
5.3×2 Harness
5.2 Harness
4.3 Harness
4.2 Harness
4.2 Harness with Connector
Latch and Link Lap Belt
Harness Accessories
Accessories
Mounts
Storage
Steering Wheels
Suspension Accessories
Tie Downs
Gear
Clothing
Men
Women
Hats
Promotional
Decals
Banners
Warehouse Deals
Blog
About us
Sponsorships
Join PRP’s Race Program
Become a PRP Ambassador
Event Raffle Request
Dealer Locator
Contact us
My Account
Login
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use PRP Seats, you consent to the use of cookies according to our Privacy Policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
How it Works
Choose convenient and affordable installation.
Buy Button
Click
Simply click the “Buy It Installed®” button
and complete your purchase.
Schedule
Schedule
A certified craftsman will contact you to set up an appointment at your convenience.
Gurantee
Enjoy
The craftsman does all of the work, so you have more time to sit back and enjoy your new product.
Upfront Pricing
Know the cost before you buy.
Convenient Scheduling
Schedule your appointment once the product ships. You can easily reschedule or cancel anytime.
Total Happiness Guarantee
When you purchase your product using the Buy It Installed® Button, you'll receive installation service backed by our Total Happiness Guarantee.
Learn More
Buy It Installed® :
The purchase of the Product(s) together with On-Site Services is powered by the Buy It Installed® Button. If you choose to use the Buy It Installed®Button, you will be asked to acknowledge and agree to the Universal Terms and Conditions prior to checkout. All On-Site Services are sold and provided to you by a third party Craftsman that participates in the Craftsman Republic®network and is certified to service and/or install the Product(s) you have purchased.
Buy It Installed® , Craftsman Republic® , and the Buy It Installed®Button and its functionality are used under permission from Service Trading Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Service Trading Company, Inc. is not affiliated with the maker or seller of the Product(s) you have purchased and does not endorse said Product(s).
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Subscribe to our newsletterYour personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.