http://www.partsadventure.com/privacy-policy/
Home
SEO
Travel&Leisure
Service
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy:Mirage Group LLC ("Mirage Group LLC") operates http://www.partsadventure.com and may operate other websites. It is Mirage Group LLC's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Mirage Group LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mirage Group LLC's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mirage Group LLC's visitors use its website. From time to time, Mirage Group LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Mirage Group LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.partsadventure.com blogs/sites. Mirage Group LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Mirage Group LLC's websites choose to interact with Mirage Group LLC in ways that require Mirage Group LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mirage Group LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.partsadventure.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Mirage Group LLC are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Mirage Group LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Mirage Group LLC. Mirage Group LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Mirage Group LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Mirage Group LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Mirage Group LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Mirage Group LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Mirage Group LLC's behalf or to provide services available at Mirage Group LLC's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Mirage Group LLC's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Mirage Group LLC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Mirage Group LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Mirage Group LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mirage Group LLC, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Mirage Group LLC website and have supplied your email address, Mirage Group LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Mirage Group LLC and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mirage Group LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Mirage Group LLC uses cookies to help Mirage Group LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of Mirage Group LLC website, and their website access preferences. Mirage Group LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Mirage Group LLC's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Mirage Group LLC's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Mirage Group LLC, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Mirage Group LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Mirage Group LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Mirage Group LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Mirage Group LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mirage Group LLC's sole discretion. Mirage Group LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a http://www.partsadventure.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Follow Us
Pages
About Us
Contact Us
Homeowner’s Insurance
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Travel&Leisure
Mortgage calculator
Purchase price $ :
Down payment $ :
Mortgage term (years) :
Interest rate % :
Mortgage amount :
Monthly payment :
Recent Posts
Guide for Traveling to Africa
SEO Strategies to Try in Your Small Business
Why Influencer Marketing Is Essential for Your Business
Purchasing a Zero Gravity Chair
Major Ways To Get Rid Of Rats
Reasons to Buy A Manual Coffee Grinder
Best assisted opening knife to pick
Facebook
Happiness | Quote of the Daymore Quotes
Share
Scroll To Top