http://www.thomashobbsflorist.com/pages/privacy-policy
Shop
Arrangements
Bouquets
Planters
Roses
Orchids
Seasonal Collection
Gift Cards & Apparel
Events & Weddings
About us
Contact
0
items in your cart
$0.00
total cart value
Continue Shopping
Your Cart
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting Thomas Hobbs Florist (THF) customer privacy. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that THF does not own or control, or to people that THF does not employ or manage.
Information We Collect
The information that you supply to the THF is considered confidential and will not be shared with others. This includes your name, address, phone, e-mail address, and credit card information. The information of the gift recipient, and the card message, is also confidential. If the recipient is out of our own delivery area (most of the Lower Mainland) then the filling florist that we use will, of course, receive the recipient information to complete the delivery.
Also, in extremely rare circumstances the private information you provide THF may be shared with law enforcement or investigative authorities if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to; (1) comply with the law, (2) stop credit card fraud; (3) protect against misuse of our website; or (4) protect the personal safety of our site users or the public. The purpose of this disclosure would be to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone who may attempt to cause injury to another's rights or property.
"Cookies"
"Cookies" are small files which store certain information about your activity on the website and are stored on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, so that you don't have to reenter information you gave us on your prior visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of this website.
Our use and disclosure of your information
We may send emails to our clients informing you of special promotions, changes in our services or other information we believe will be of interest to you. We currently do not do this, but when we do you will be able to unsubscribe to this if you want.
We do not send and/or deliver totally anonymous orders. If you send an order without signing the card, or you sign the card with an alias, or with "Secret Admirer", and the recipient contacts us and asks us who sent the order then we will share your billing name with the recipient.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All user credit card information is securely communicated using secure socket layer (SSL) software, which is the industry standard and among the best software available for secure commerce transactions. Notwithstanding these efforts, we caution you that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Linked Sites
If this site contains any links to other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement when interacting with any website.
Changes to Privacy Statement; Consent
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. You should check this page periodically for changes. By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as described in this Privacy Statement.
Question and Comments
We welcome your questions and comments about our THF Privacy Statement.
Vancouver BC
JOIN THOMAS HOBBS’ MAILING LIST
Stay updated with our Latest News & Promotions.
© 2020 Thomas Hobbs Florist. All Rights Reserved.
Instagram
Facebook
We Accept:
© 2020 Thomas Hobbs Florist. All Rights Reserved.