https://www.buyabattery.co.uk/privacy
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Safety of your details
How safe are my transactions?
Buyabattery.co.uk takes the security of your details very seriously. We use industry standard encryption methods. Our site uses the strongest commercially available level of encryption, 256-bit SSL (Secure Socket Layers). When you enter the checkout process you will notice the main page reference will change from http://.... to https://......, this confirms that your transaction is securely encrypted. We do not see or store any of your financial details, we simply receive a confirmation that a payment has been made
What information do you collect about me and why?
Buyabattery.co.uk (Buyabattery) provides your goods and is the data controller of information that you provide when you order goods. Buyabattery will use the information given to it in the following way:
To provide goods and services. In the course of providing such services, your personal information may be transferred to agents, service providers, employees and Group Companies. In some instances, your information may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area. We will employ appropriate security measures to protect your personal information where this is the case.
We have a legal duty to disclose information about you to any relevant regular if required
To administer any prize draw or competition you may enter.
For marketing purposes. We may send you brochures, leaflets, catalogues and other promotional material for our products and services. We may also telephone or email you to discuss account details or for market or service research. If you do not wish to be contacted for marketing purposes by Buyabattery please refer to the option to unsubscribe.
From time to time we may access publicly available information relating to you on the internet (for example on social media websites) to assist in fraud prevention, for identity verification and for marketing.
Buyabattery may pass your information to other Group Companies and third parties for debtor tracing and debt recovery purposes.
Cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie Name
Description
frontend
This enables various pieces of essential website functionality, from account login sessions to remembering shopping basket contents.
_ga, _gid, _gat
Used to collect information about how visitors use the website.
Fraud Prevention
We are committed to detecting and preventing fraud and we use a variety of fraud prevention tools. For everyone’s protection, Buyabattery check the details of every first order with the fraud prevention agencies and these checks may be repeated with future orders. The Group Companies may also use the information you have given, or which the Group Companies already hold about you. If you are accessing our websites, for the purpose of detecting fraudulent activity, Buyabattery may use and share information it receives relating to the device you have used to access our websites.
If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies.
Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
We and other organisations may access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example, when:
Recovering debt;
Checking details of job applicants and employees
Buyabattery and other organisations may also access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies.
Please telephone us if you want to have details of those credit reference and fraud prevention agencies from whom Buyabattery obtains and to whom Buyabattery gives information about you. You have a legal right to these details.
Buyabattery and other organisations may also access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies. If Buyabattery identify fraudulent activity, they will share this information with other organisations and Buyabattery will access and use information on fraudulent activity provided by such other organisations.
How to contact us
If you have any queries about how we use your information or on data protection generally please contact us at the Buyabattery.co.uk, Unit 8 Southgate Industrial Park, Green Lane, Heywood OL10 1ND.
A full list of Group Companies who may receive your information is available from the Data Protection Unit at the above address.
Unsubscribing
From time to time we may contact you with details on special promotional offers or products that we think you would be interested in, via Email, Telephone, SMS, Post or from specially selected Third Parties, If you do not want to receive these communications you can opt out in the following ways:
Existing customers who have registered their account online – log into My Account, go to Newsletter Subscriptions and uncheck the box
Registered company details
Registered office: Granada Batteries Limited, Unit 8 Southgate Industrial Park, Green Lane, Heywood OL10 1ND. Company Registration Number 4697023 VAT Registration Number GB 562 5936