http://www.rubylane.com/info/cookiepolicy
Secret page
Close
Loading ...
Close
Loading ...
ConfirmClose
Cookie PolicyRuby Lane uses cookies, in combination with pixels, local storage objects, and similar devices (collectively, "cookies" unless otherwise noted) to distinguish you from other users on the Ruby Lane site. This helps us provide you with a good experience, improve our service, and to personalize ads and content to you.This cookie policy describes the types of cookies we use and our purpose for using them.
What is a cookie?A cookie is a small file that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your device. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuses cookies, Ruby Lane will issue cookies as soon as you visit the site.
Key Concepts
First and third party cookies: whether a cookie is "first" or "third" party refers to the domain placing the cookie.
First-party cookies: are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g. cookies placed by Ruby Lane)
Third-party cookies: are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and another entity sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies: these cookies remain on a user's device for a period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies: these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
How to delete or block cookies
Most browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of Ruby Lane. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, Ruby Lane will issue cookies as soon as you visit the site.To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Opting out of cookies
When you opt-out, a cookie will be set on your browser. We have to maintain that cookie in order to recognize you as having opted out. You must opt-out again if you clear that cookie from a browser, use a non-linked browser, or use a new device to access the internet. Please note that on certain browsers such as Safari, clearing website data can also erase opt-out information and will therefore require you to opt out again.Please note that if your browser settings prevent the use of certain cookies, the choice mechanisms will not operate properly.
What cookies do we use and why?
Generally Ruby Lane uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse and also allows us to improve it.The cookies we may use on Ruby Lane may be categorized as follows:
Strictly necessaryPerformanceFunctionalityTargeting
Some cookies may fulfill more than one of these purposes.
'Strictly necessary' cookies let you move around Ruby Lane and use essential features like secure areas. Without these cookies, we cannot provide the requested services. We use these strictly necessary cookies to:
Identify you as being logged in to the Ruby Lane site and to authenticate you.For security purposes
Accepting these cookies is a condition of using Ruby Lane, so if you prevent these cookies we can't guarantee how the site will perform during your visit, or grant access to our various services.
'Performance cookies' collect information about how you use the Ruby Lane site, e.g. which pages you visit, etc. These cookies do not collect information that could identify you and are only used to help us improve how the Ruby Lane site works, understand the interests of our users, etc. We use performance cookies to:
Carry out web analytics: Provide statistics on how the Ruby Lane is usedObtain data on the number of users of the Ruby Lane site
'Functionality cookies' are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit. We use functionality cookies for purposes such as:
Remember settings you've appliedRemember when you have engaged with a particular page
'Targeting cookies' are used to track your visit to the Ruby Lane site, including the pages you have visited and the links that you have followed. We may use targeting cookies to:
Display targeted adsTo improve how personalized ads and content are delivered, and to measure the success of ad campaigns
Additional information about advertising and analytics
Third Party Analytics and Advertising
AddThisAddThis is a social sharing tool that facilitates the sharing of pages, on the Ruby Lane site, such as item pages. For more information about what AddThis collects, please see their Privacy Policy
FacebookRuby Lane uses the tracking pixel service of Facebook to allow us to follow the actions of users, to monitor the efficiency of Facebook advertisements — for statistical and market research. The collected data remains anonymous, but is collected and saved by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect the data to your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with their Data Use Policy.
PinterestRuby Lane also uses the Pinterest Tracking pixel to evaluate the efficiency of Pinterest campaigns. The data collected by Pinterest though this tool may also be used to customise content that Pinterest displays to you, in accordance with their Privacy Policy.
Google Analytics and AdvertisingFor more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google's relevant pages:
Google's Privacy PolicyGoogle Analytics Help pagesAdWords Privacy PolicyDoubleClick Privacy and Security
See more details about the types of Cookies Used by Google and how they are used.You may use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt out of Ads Personalization. Even if you opt out of Ads Personalization, you may still see ads based on factors such as your search terms, browser type, etc.
AdvertisersRuby Lane uses third-party advertising companies to serve personalised online display advertisements to users who have previously visited the Ruby Lane site:
Criteo Privacy Policy.Hivewyre Privacy Policy.
This Cookie Policy was last revised on and is effective as of May 25, 2018.