http://www.drchilepepper.com/conditions-of-use
Conditions of use
Making A Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.We accept Visa, Mastercard. American Express, and Discover credit card payment.  We do not charge for any item until it is ready to ship. We do not ship partial orders. If an item is temporarily out of stock we will hold your order and ship complete when stock is in. You may send your credit card information via phone, fax, snail mail or over the Internet.When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we process your credit card and include that confirmation on your sales receipt. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.We reserve the right to refuse any order that is not placed properly.
Shipping And Handling
Orders are shipped by UPS Ground, UPS Surepost & USPS. Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, PR, PO Boxes, APO, AE and Internationally will be calculated separately and the customer will be notified via email to approve shipping charges before the order is processed . Please use the "Other" option. The $77 is not accurate but will be quoted per order and no charge will be applied without approval of quote unless it is less than $77.2-3 Business Day shipping is available if you use the contact us button.
Customer is responsible for all customs & duty fees required on their order if shipped outside the USA. If customer does not pay such customs & duties, Dr. Chile Pepper is required to pay them plus a penalty. When this occurs, the customer will be charged the fees + penalty fees + a $5.00 processing fee.Shipping & Handling address errors made by the customer, non-delivery due to customer moving, invalid address or non-availability of customer to sign for package where required, results in a fee to Dr. Chile Pepper and such fees will be charged to the customer's account at our discretion + a $5.00 processing fee.’If customer provides a P.O. Box or other ship to address that UPS does not deliver to and chooses the UPS Ground delivery, we reserve the right to charge actual Post Office charges + $4.00. We also reserve the right to use the shipping method of our choice.Thank You!
Delivery Schedule
We normally ship your order within 72 hours. When holidays are involved, shipping is governed by carrier pickup and in extreme weather, we may hold shipping to prevent freezing or overheating damage. You will normally receive your order in 5-10 business days. UPS does not pick up or deliver on Saturday or Sunday except by special arrangement involving an extra fee.
Back Orders
While we try to fill all orders as received, circumstances beyond our control sometimes make that impossible, after all it is imported from Belize and can take a while to arrive here! If we are out of an item but will be able to fill your order within a few days we will hold your order until we can ship complete and notify you by e-mail. If an item will be unavailable for a longer period of time we will contact you but also reserve the right to make needed adjustments to any order. You will only be charged for what we ship and the shipping & handling charge may be reduced.
Credit Card Security
When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the store page, alternatively, you can call 715-318-3117 (International +44 715-318-3117) or write to us at N50252 Floyds Rd, Osseo WI  54758 United States
Privacy Policy
Dr. Chilepepper do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to 'Tools | Internet Options | Privacy' and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies.Data collected by this site is used to:a. Take and fulfill customer ordersb. Administer and enhance the site and servicec. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes
Returns Policy
Returned goods (for any reason) are subject to a 10% re-stock fee + cost of return shipping at our discretion. All damage MUST be reported to us within 48 hours after carrier stated delivery time of package.