https://www.blissworld.com/privacy-policy/
Enable Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Bliss Products Holdings, LLC, 145 S. Fairfax Ave., Los Angeles, CA 90036, USA and our affiliates (including but not limited to Bliss Direct, Inc.) (collectively, "Bliss" "we" or "us") collect, use and share personal information about you and the choices that are available to you with respect to our handling of your information. “Personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect when you interact with us online (e.g., through our website or other online products and services) or offline (e.g., when you shop in our stores and spas or interact with customer support) or otherwise interact with us as described below. Our online and offline services and interactions with you are collectively referred to as “Services” in this Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to the homepages of our websites or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us to stay informed about our personal information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection Of Information
Personal Information We Collect Directly from You
We collect personal information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect personal information when you use our websites; provide product reviews; shop in our stores and spas; call us on the phone; create an online account; sign up to receive our emails; request a catalog; participate in a sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey; communicate with us via third-party social media sites; request customer support; apply for and/or participate in our loyalty program; apply for a job; or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, zip or postal code, billing address, shipping address, phone number, payment card information, product preferences, demographic information and any other personal information you choose to provide.
In some cases, we may also collect personal information you provide about others, such as when you purchase a gift card for someone and request that we deliver it electronically, create and share a "wishlist" or decide to purchase and ship products to someone. We will use this personal information to fulfill your requests and will not send marketing communications to your contacts unless they separately opt in to receive communications from us.
Information About Your Use of Our Services
We collect information about your use of our Services, such as the products you purchase or express interest in.
Personal Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect certain personal information about you when you access or use our Services, including:
Log Information: We collect information about your use of our websites, such as the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the referring link through which you accessed our websites.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access our online Services, including the hardware model and operating system and version.
Transaction Information: When you purchase or return a product, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details and the date and location of the purchase/return.
Video Data: We collect video data via security cameras we deploy in some of our spas and retail stores.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”) and similar tracking technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our websites or emails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. We may combine this information with other information we collect about you and use it for various purposes, such as improving our websites and your online experience, understanding which areas and features of our sites are popular, counting visits, understanding campaign effectiveness, tailoring our communications with you, determining whether an email has been opened and links within the email have been clicked and for other internal business purposes. For more information about how we use cookies, please see the cookie policy.
Personal Information We Collect from Our Partners and Other Sources
We may obtain personal information about you from other sources and combine that with information we collect about you. For example, we collect personal information from the local postal services’ national change of address databases to verify and update mailing addresses. If you interact with us on social media, we will also collect personal information about those interactions.
Personal Information We Derive
We may derive personal information or draw inferences about you based on the other types of personal information we collect. For example, we may infer your location based on your IP address, or that you are interested in purchasing a certain skin care product based on your browsing behavior on our Services.
Use Of Personal Information
We may use personal information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including to facilitate and improve your in-store and online shopping experiences;
Deliver the products and Services you request, or that are reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship, complete transactions, perform our contractual obligations, and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts;
Process your orders, payments, and account adjustments and initiate, render, bill, and collect payment for our products and Services;
Conduct internal research and development and make business decisions about current and future product and service offerings;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, Services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage these communications, please see “Your Choices” section below;
Manage your online account(s) and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Personalize your online experience and provide advertisements, content or features that match your profile and interests;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
Process and deliver contest, promotion and sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Detect, protect against and prevent security incidents and illegal or unauthorized activities, investigate complaints and claims, and provide other security protections, such as identity verification;
Protect users of our Services from fraudulent, malicious, deceptive, abusive, or unlawful activities of others;
Debug and repair errors in our products and Services and other activities to maintain and improve the quality and safety of our products and Services;
Cooperate with law enforcement and protect the rights (including free speech), interests, safety or property of Bliss or our customers, service providers and other third parties;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal and regulatory obligations, and respond to governmental requests;
Enforce our policies, terms and conditions, or other agreements;
Defend against or pursue claims, disputes, or litigation – in court or elsewhere;
Provide you the benefits of our loyalty program if you are a member of our loyalty program; and
Carry out any other purpose readily apparent to you or described to you at the time the personal information is collected.
Sharing Of Personal Information
We may share personal information about you as follows:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such personal information to carry out work on our behalf;
With our business partners and other third parties for purposes of sending their own direct mail, unless you opt out of this type of sharing by logging into your online account and changing your preferences or by contacting us;
In response to a request for personal information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies or to protect the rights, property and safety of us or any third party;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or transfer of all or a portion of our business to another company;
By publicly posting, at our discretion, your product review or other user content if you provide one; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We allow our 3rd party fulfillment center, Dotcom Distribution (based in Edison, New Jersey), to obtain personal information for the purposes of fulfilling our orders. For more information about Dotcom Distribution’s privacy practices, see https://dotcomdist.com/privacy-policy/.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising & Other Tracking Technologies
We engage third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect personal information about your use of our websites, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This personal information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our websites and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about Internet-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org and http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on other websites or platforms.
Data Retention
Our retention periods for personal information are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the personal information was collected and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired.
Children
We do not provide products and services to children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us using this link. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) may review and request deletion of a child’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove that information.
Your Choices
Managing or Deleting Your Online Bliss Account
You may update, correct or delete your online account information at any time by logging into your account and navigating to the “Account Settings” page or by contacting us as indicated in the Contact Us section below. You can also contact us if you wish to deactivate your online account. Note that we may retain certain personal information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of personal information about you for a certain period of time.
Online Tracking
Some web browsers and devices allow you to broadcast a preference that your activities online not be “tracked”. At this time, our website does not take action in response to “do not track” signals.
Opting Out of Promotional Communications
You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by doing the following:
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.  You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.  If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.
Promotional Mailings.  If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO PROMOTIONAL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Promotional Text Messages.  If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may continue to send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to remove or reject cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites. For more information, please see the cookie policy.
California Residents: Your Privacy Rights
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq).
California Consumer Privacy Act
Additional Disclosures Related to the Collection, Use, Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information:
California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose”(as those terms are defined under California law). While we do not sell your personal information, we do collect and share the following information for business purposes: identifiers, characteristics of protected classifications under California or U.S. law, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information, audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, inferences drawn about you, and other categories of personal information that relate to, describe or are reasonably capable of being associated with you.
For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources from which we collect this personal information, please see “Collection Of Information” section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “Use Of Information” section above.
Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than you. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information below.
Your Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, sold and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, (2) deletion of your personal information, and (3) that we stop selling your personal information.
Accessing Your Personal Information. If you are a California resident, you may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
Deleting Your Personal Information.  If you are a California resident, you may request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity. We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to access your information, delete your information, or opt out of the sale of your information. To designate an agent for these purposes:
You must provide us with a copy of a written and signed permission given to your authorized agent; and
You must verify your own identity directly with us.
You may make these requests by calling 1-888-243-8825 or visiting this page.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Security
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help keep information secure and to help prevent it from being unintentionally disclosed. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect so we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances. In the event that we are required to notify you about a situation involving your data, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail to the extent permitted by law.
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may want to use customer personal data for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes to our handling or personal data and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses before we begin the new uses or practice. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information. You will be provided with notice of material changes to the Policy via email.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us here or alternatively:
Phone: 888-243-8825
Email: customercare@blissmail.com
Bliss Direct Inc,
145 S. Fairfax Ave, Suite 400 Los Angeles, CA 90036 ATTN: Customer Service Department
×
Close Newsletter Popup
Email Address
By providing your email address, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.