http://www.howies.co.uk/pages/help
Skip to content
men
tops
Printed T-shirts
Organic T-Shirts
Jackets
Merino Layers
Shirts & Tops
Sweats & Knits
bottoms
Jeans, Trousers & Shorts
Underwear & Socks
more
New In
Gift Cards
women
tops
Printed T-shirts
Organic T-Shirts
Knits
Merino Layers
Jackets
Shirts, Tops & Dresses
bottoms
Jeans, Trousers & Shorts
Underwear & Socks
more
New In
Gift Cards
accessories
shop all
Socks, Hats & Other
Bike Maintenance
Water Bottles
Gift Vouchers
gift vouchersabout
about
About Us
Our Fabrics
Our Font
help & info
Contact Us
Customer Service
Stockists
Sizing Guide
FAQs
news & events
Our Blog
new inthe outlet
ACCOUNT
SEARCH
+44 (0) 1267 228 444
GBPUSD
Basket
Add $50 to get free shipping.
Your basket is empty
FREE SHIPPING on all UK orders over £50
Returns are easy and free on all full price items.
We ship worldwide
THE ZONE
HELP & FAQ
help
faq
size guide
Get in touch
Delivery
Returns
Legal stuff
Get in touch
Get help with an order
Call us: +44 (0) 1267 228 444Email us: customerservice@howies.co.uk
General enquiries
Call us: +44 (0) 1267 228 444Email us: info@howies.co.uk
Press enquiries
If you’re a journalist and you want some background on howies, contact us here: press@howies.co.uk
Stock howies in your store
If you want to stock howies in your store, please get in touch with us by emailing info@howies.co.uk
Send us something by post
Our postal address is:
howies LtdBuilding 18Job's Well RoadCarmarthenSA31 3HB
Delivery
Delivery: United Kingdom
UK orders over £50 are postage free.
• Standard Delivery: £4 (2 to 5 working days).
• Next Day Delivery: £6 (or £8 for pre 1pm) (Orders placed after 1pm will be dispatched on the next working day).
• Saturday Delivery: £10 (For orders placed before 1pm on Friday).
If your item is in stock, we will do our best to despatch your order the day you place it. In busy times it may take us a little bit longer. If you know you are usually out when the postman calls, you can ask us to send your parcel to a different address when you place your order.
Next Day and Saturday delivery is not applicable for Highlands, Islands and outlying areas, where delivery will be 2 – 3 working days.
Delivery: Europe
EU orders over £75 are postage free.
• Standard Delivery: £6.50 (Up to 14 working days).
• Express Delivery: £12 (2-5 working days. Order by 1pm).
If your item is in stock, we will do our best to despatch your order the day you place it. In busy times it may take us a little bit longer. If you know you are usually out when the postman calls, you can ask us to send your parcel to a different address when you place your order.
Prices and tax
All the prices on our website and catalogue are in pounds sterling and are inclusive of VAT. If your order is being delivered to a country within the European Union then your bill will include VAT. If your order is being delivered outside of the EU you will not be charged VAT, but you will be responsible for any local import duties.
Delivery: Rest of World
Orders outside the EU over £100 are postage free.
• Standard Delivery: £10 (14-21 working days).
• Please contact us if you require faster delivery outside the EU (call: +44(0)1267228444 or email: info@howies.co.uk).
If your item is in stock, we will do our best to despatch your order the day you place it. In busy times it may take us a little bit longer.
Prices and tax
All the prices on our website and catalogue are in pounds sterling and are inclusive of VAT. If your order is being delivered to a country within the European Union then your bill will include VAT. If your order is being delivered outside of the EU you will not be charged VAT, but you will be responsible for any local import duties.
Terms & Conditions of Trade
Using our website and placing orders is subject to our Terms and Conditions of Trade which you can read here. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Returns
How to return full price items
Returning a full price item is free. Just make sure your item is unworn with original tags attached.1. Fill out the returns form on the back of your invoice and tell us whether you want an exchange or a refund.
2. Attach the freepost returns sticker that arrived with your parcel. If you didn’t get one please e-mail us: returns@howies.co.uk
3. Take it to the post office. Don’t forget to ask for proofof posting.
You have 90 days to decide whether or not to keep your stuff.
How to return sale or discounted items
You pay the return postage on sale or discounted items. Make sure your item is unworn with original tags attached 1. Fill in the returns form on the back of your invoice and tell us whether you’d like an exchange or a refund.
2. Use the address label that’s on the bottom of your invoice (it is not pre-paid).
3. Send it back via the Post Office or courier of your choice. Use a tracked and insured service as you are liable for any losses.
You have 14 days to decide whether or not to keep your stuff.
Return address
howies LtdBuilding 18 Job's Well Road Carmarthen SA31 3HBContact us:Call: 01267 228 444Email: returns@howies.co.uk
How to return international orders
You pay the return postage on international items. Make sure your item is unworn with original tags attached. 1. Fill in the returns form on the back of your invoice and tell us whether you’d like an exchange or a refund.
2. Use the address label that’s on the bottom of your invoice (it is not pre-paid). Please mark the parcel “Goods returned under warranty”.
3. We recommend sending your parcel back to us using a tracked and insured service as you are liable for any losses.
You have 90 days to decide whether or not to keep your stuff if they are full price and 14 days for sale or discounted items.
Important
We can only offer exchanges on a like for like basis. If the item is out of stock you will automatically receive a refund. In addition to our returns policy, under the Distance Selling Regulations, all EU customers have 14 working days (beginning the day after receipt) to cancel your purchase, then an additional 14 days to return it.
Legal stuff
Terms and Conditions
This page lays out the howies Terms and Conditions of Trade & Terms and Conditions of Use. It basically explains how your order will be dealt with, your rights and our duty to you. It is important that you read, understand and agree to this lot before ordering from us. Because by ordering from howies you agree to be bound by these terms. Phew.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains how information about yourself which you have provided us with may be used. It may seem like a load of boring mumbo-jumbo, but it's important that you read, understand and consent to the use of your data by howies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are the small pieces of data that websites send to your browser in order to make web browsing easier and quicker for you. Cookies are also how Americans refer to biscuits. And what they call 'biscuits', we refer to as 'scones'. Very confusing... At howies we have always used cookies to make our site work as efficiently as possible for our customers. We also use them to get an idea of how many visits our site is attracting - which, for an online business, is valuable information we use to make improvements to the inner workings of our site. It's always good to understand who knows what about you and what they are doing with this information. All websites should be open about how they use cookies, so this page explains which cookies howies use, what we do with them and why.
Company Information
howies® Ltd. Building 18, Job's Well Road, Carmarthen, SA31 3HB.
Registered in England & Wales No. 3065954. VAT No. 680950613 © 2020 howies® All rights reserved. All wrongs reversed.
#howiescape
Join our mailing list
howies is a small active clothing company based in the wilds of west Wales. We're committed to producing high quality, long lasting items and doing business in environmentally and ethically correct ways. Join us for the adventure.
Male
Female