http://www.creativekidsathome.com/privacy.html
Corporate Information
About Us
Link to Us
Media
Privacy
Secure Shopping
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us! Creative Kids at Home is committed to protecting
the privacy and security of the personal information that you provide to us.
This policy explains what information we collect, how we use it, how it is protected.
Our policies and practices have been designed to comply with the Canadian Personal Information
Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and corresponding provincial privacy acts.
Who is Creative Kids at Home
We are a division of S & N Enterprises Inc., a company incorporated in the province of
British Columbia Canada.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information that refers to an individual specifically
and is recorded in any form. Personal information includes such things as email
address, age or
date of birth, and credit records. Note: Name, address and phone number may not be considered
personal under PIPEDA since this information is usually available in public sources such as phone
books. However, Creative Kids at Home consider all the information you provide to be confidential.
Your child's personal information
We do want to post comments from
customers and ideas from children on our website. Most of the time,
we will post first names only. You can be confident that we will
protect your children’s privacy when they send us comments, photos
or new ideas.  Details about a child's identity would only be
posted if we could verify that the child's parent wanted those
details published on our website.  We prefer to just use a
child's first name with their comment.
We believe children should be safe
and don’t want to expose them to endless marketing emails. Children will never receive direct advertising from us.
We
respect your privacy and will continue to be very careful to protect
the privacy of all children.  We are happy to comply with the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
Third Party Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We commit to the following privacy principles:
We are accountable to you. We are responsible for all personal
information under our control.
We let you know why we collect your personal information. We do
this either before we collect
it or at the time we collect it.
We obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information. If you sign up for our
newsletter, you consent to us storing your name and email address so that we
may send you the newsletter.
We do make use of cookies to collect anonymous website traffic
data. We don't associate any personal data with this traffic data.
We limit collection of your personal information. We only collect what is needed to
provide a service, such as our newsletter.
Examples of why we collect personal information include:
communicating with you generally
providing a service requested by you
recommending products and services that Creative Kids at Home believes will be of
interest and provide value to you
to comply with legal and governmental requirements
We limit use, disclosure and retention of your personal information.
Creative Kids at Home uses and discloses your personal information only for the purposes
it was collected. We does not sell or rent personal information to
any organization or person for any reason. We do not share your personal
information with third party organizations except to offer you a product or
service. If your personal information is shared with third parties, these third
parties are bound by appropriate agreements with Creative Kids at Home to secure and
protect the confidentiality of your personal information. We
retain your personal information only as long as it is required for our
business relationship or as required by federal and provincial laws.
We keep your personal information up to date and accurate. You may request access to the
personal information we have on record in order to review and amend the information, as appropriate.
The security of your personal information is a priority for Creative Kids at Home.
We take steps to safeguard your personal information, regardless of the format in which it is held, including:
physical security measures such as restricted access facilities,
electronic security measures for computerized personal information such as
browser encryption and passwords for access to stored data,
organizational processes such as limiting access to your personal information to a selected group of individuals,
contractual obligations with third parties who need access to your personal information requiring them to protect and secure your personal information.
We are open about our privacy and security policy.
We are committed to providing you with understandable and easily available information
about our policy and practices related to management of your personal information.
This policy and any related information is available at all times on our web site,
www.creativekidsathome.com/privacy.html or on request. To contact us, refer to the How to Contact us section below.
We provide you access to your personal information.
You can request access to the personal information that we have stored.
To contact us, refer to the How to Contact us section below.
We respond to your questions, concerns and complaints about privacy.
Creative Kids at Home responds in a timely manner to your questions, concerns and
complaints about the privacy of your personal information and our privacy policies
and procedures.
How to Contact Us
By email to info@creativekidsathome.com
By mail to Creative Kids at Home, 287 ILott Place, Victoria, BC, V9C 3V6, Canada.
If your questions, concerns and complaints have not been resolved to your satisfaction
or if you have further questions, you can contact the Creative Kids at
Home Chief Privacy Officer
by mail at Chief Privacy Officer c/o Creative Kids at Home, 287 ILott
Place, Victoria, BC, V9C 3V6, Canada.
Experience the thrill of well behaved kids overnight with this One-Of-A-Kind, Powerful New Parenting Tool!
Watch as the Wheel of
Better Behavior changes the atmosphere in your home overnight. It's
guaranteed! Homework gets done, clothes get
picked up, arguing stops...in short, the Wheel produces great kids and a stress
free environment! The mere presence of the Wheel will have a marked effect on
your kids. Chances are, you'll seldom even have to spin it!
Get the Wheel!
Kids Gifts
Kids Science
Kids Crafts
Kids Games
For Parents
Creative Kids Blog
About Us
Crafts Info
Media
Advertise
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2015 Creative Kids at Home