https://www.showerrods.com/Customrods/pc/policies-d1.htm
(407)554-1400
The cart is empty.
{{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Total:
{{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}}
{{shoppingcartitem.description}}
Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}
{{productoption.name}}
View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Item(s)
Register/Login | Contact Us
(407) 554-1400
The cart is empty.
{{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Total:
{{shoppingcart.subtotal}}
{{shoppingcart.total}}
{{shoppingcartitem.description}}
Qty. {{shoppingcartitem.quantity}}
{{productoption.name}}
View Cart {{shoppingcart.totalQuantityDisplay}}
Item(s)
Submit
Custom Shower Rods
Shower Rods
Shower Curtains
For the Home
Cabinet Hardware
Door Hardware
Accessibility
Clearance
Customer Service
Ordering Information
Cancellation or Modification of an Order
Payment & Charges Sales Tax
Warranties
Lead Time
Special Orders
Colors/Finishes
Errors and Inaccuracies
Proposition 65
Privacy & Security
Privacy
Security
Shipping Information
Domestic
Canada Shipping International
Order Tracking
Return
Return Policy
Defective or Damaged Product
Website Information
Copyright
Use
Acceptance
Customer Service
Back to Top
E-Mail info@showerrods.com   Our Customer Service Phone Center Hours are: Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (EST)
Phone: 407-554-1400
Fax: 407-297-1080
ShowerRods 1301 Gillard Avenue - Suite 109
Winter Garden, Florida 34787
Ordering Information
Back to Top
We cannot guarantee any modifications or cancellations made to an order that has been processed. Please call us to find out it's doable.
Payment & Charges We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express.
If a double charge appears on your card or bank statement, note that a second charge is just a Pre-Authorization Hold (pending). This is used by the banks to ensure that there are sufficient funds in your account to cover the order. The pre-authorization will disappear from your account statement and only one charge will eventually be shown.
Sales Tax We are required by law to collect the appropriate Sales Tax to any shipments made within the State of Florida.
Warranties   ShowerRods limits all warranties or guarantees to those offered by the manufacturer. Please contact us about warranty policies of individual products.
Lead Time
Lead Time to Ship is referred as between the placement of an order and production from a manufacturer. Lead Time to Ship does not refer to as the shipping time or delivery date. Variations to be accounted for are the unexpected, typically caused by back-order of the supplier itself.   Special Orders   Special orders are non stock items. Depending on the item and manufacturer a Special Ordered item - 25% to 30% Restocking Fee and Freight will apply.
Non-returnable items are excluded from returns.   Colors/Finishes   We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors/finishes of our products. However, as the actual colors/finishes you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee your display will be accurate. Please contact us ahead of time if a perfect color match is needed - as Restocking Fees will apply for any Special Orders.
Errors and Inaccuracies   Every effort it made to provide complete, accurate and up to date information on our Web site. Unfortunately, this site may contain mistakes, inaccuracies or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing, availability, item description and dimensions. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions after an order has been submitted. And, to change or update information at any time without prior notification. We apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause.   Proposition 65   California’s Proposition 65, The Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act, as amended, requires businesses to inform individuals of potential exposure to certain chemicals identified by the State of California that may cause cancer, birth defects or reproductive effects. Due to the amount of products we carry, it would be very difficult and costly to determine which products will be ultimately sold or brought into California. Because of this if there are any concerns towards any products you wish to purchase, please give us a call at (888) 322-7762 and we will gladly identify it for you.   Privacy & Security   Back to Top   Privacy   The information that we receive from you is for the sole purpose of processing your order. We do not share your information with anyone.   Security   Personal and credit card information that you provide on the Web site are transmitted over our secure server using Secure Socket Layering (SSL) encryption technology. When the letters "http" change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL.   Shipping Information   Back to Top   Domestic Shipping
After your order is placed, you will receive
an order confirmation via e-mail.  This is when processing your order begins.
Processing orders involves receiving and inputting your order, sending the information to our warehouse or the appropriate vendor, and packaging the items for shipping. Items that ship from our warehouse usually ship within 1-2 business days. Items that are shipped directly from a Vendor may have a longer lead time. Processing time is anywhere from 24-48 hours (or longer depending on the item) Weekend orders are processed the next business day. Expediting Shipping does NOT change the processing time - it only Expedites Shipping Time.   We make every effort to provide you with the most accurate date of shipment for back-ordered items. Please note that these dates are subject to change. Orders that are Overnight, 2nd Day or 3 Day require a signature upon delivery.   Orders cannot be shipped to a PO Box Address.   Standard Delivery Standard delivery orders are usually shipped via standard FedEx ground service or the US Postal Service. Items ordered at the same time will not necessarily be shipped or delivered together. Standard delivery time is 5-7 business days depending on location. Rural or isolated locations may have longer shipping time.
Express Delivery For faster delivery, we offer Next Day - Two and Three business day express service via FedEx. In stock orders that are received by 1 pm (EST) are shipped the same day. Please note - this only expedites the shipping time. The lead and processing time on the item will remain the same.
Canada ShippingWe do ship orders to Canada. During checkout the shipping costs are
determined by the total weight of your item(s) and the shipping
destination(s) of your order. PLEASE NOTE: The receiver must also pay all applicable duties, taxes and fees which is determined by your local government. This additional charge is not calculated during checkout and will be charged upon package delivery.
International Shipping   We are also able to ship beyond the US and Canada borders using FedEx carrier. Please contact our Customer Service department for a shipping quote.     Order Tracking   You can track your order on line once it has been shipped.   Return Policy
Back to Top   Returning an Item: You may return selected item for a refund provided that the item(s) are returned to us within 15 days from your date of receipt.   To return an item, you must contact customer service for a Return Goods Authorization (RGA) number. This number must be clearly written on the outside of the box to qualify for a refund. Packages received without an RGA number will be refused and returned to sender.   Returns must be sent Pre-Paid in the original packaging. Items that are installed or mishandled will not be eligible for a refund.   When returning, please insure and track your return. ShowerRods is not responsible for lost, damaged or misdirected returns.   Returns are processed weekly. It can take 5 to 15 days to credit your account. Please allow time for processing. Issued credits will appear on your billing statement.   Custom Items: Items that involve Custom Work are not returnable.   Refund Fees: Shipping and Handling charges are non-refundable.   Some returns may be subject to a Restocking Fee.   Clearance Items: Clearance items are not eligible for returns, they are Sold As Is products. Items may contain defects and are described as best as possible. Any questions from a clearance item please contact customer service.   Defective or Damaged Product   Every reasonable precaution is taken against breakage or other damage in transit.   It is your responsibility to inspect products upon delivery for transit damage and/or shortage. If damage is discovered upon delivery, please refuse the shipment and allow the carrier to return it to us. Please notify us of the damage as that will expedite the replacement shipping of your order. If damaged/shortage is discovered after acceptance of order - please notify us and we will arrange to have the damaged item picked up and replaced.   Items that have been installed are not returnable. If an installed part is defective, please contact us and we will instruct you on how to return the part. Once the part is received, we will repair or replace the part at our discretion. Refunds will not be given for defective parts.
Please inspect your product at time of delivery. Claims for defective or damaged merchandise must be made within 72 hours with our Customer Service department.
Website Information
Back to Top
Copyright
The following elements of this Web site are the property of ShowerRods, or our Suppliers and are protected by United States and International copyright laws.
All text, graphics, logos, pictures and data complied.
All software.
Use You have permission to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this Web site for purposes of placing an order or shopping. Unless we give permission in advance, any other use of this Web site, its content and its information is strictly prohibited. Acceptance By using this Web site, you accept our policies and procedures.
×
Global Message
Quick View