http://www.mintmodels.com/privacy.php
Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Policy:Mint Models protects the personal information you provide that makes it possible for us to complete private transactions with you. What information do we collect from and about you? When you register with us, order from us or otherwise communicate with us – by mail, e-mail, telephone, on our web site, or through our retail location - we collect the information you tell us about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We also collect information from your interactions with us, including your purchases, payments and other activities. We may receive updated telephone, address and other information from third parties.How do we use your information? We use the information we collect about you to perform vital services for you including fulfilling your orders, and responding to your requests. In addition, we use information we collect about you to create offers to your interests, to improve your shopping experience and for other uses. How do we protect your non-public personal information? We restrict the use of information about you. Only those employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you may access it. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your information. What choices do you have? You may ask us not to disclose any non-public personal information about you to non-affiliated companies except as we may be permitted or required to do so by law. While this may limit the products, offers or services provided to you, we will comply with your wishes. Simply call us at (518) 783 -1113, and tell us that you choose not to have your information shared in this way.
About Scale:
When considering the scale of a model it is best thought of in terms of a ratio (1:18) or a fraction (1/18). The scale is exactly that, 1/18th the size of the car./vehicle that it represents. All of the manufacturers of our scale models seek to maintain the accurate proportions of the model in every aspect.
Approximate sizes:
1:64 scale (Matchbox size): 1.5” – 2”
1:43 scale: 3” – 5”
1:24 scale: 5” – 7.5”
1:18 scale: 8” – 11”
1:12 scale: 12” -16”
These sizes are estimates and not meant to be exact. The exact size of the scale model will depend on the actual size of the model it represents. Example: A 1:24 scale Corvette model will be smaller than a 1:24 scale Rolls Royce Phantom.
[cancel]
Log In or Register
Email Address:
Verify Email Address:
Password:
Forgot password?