https://www.bioguard.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY/YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was last revised on November 13, 2015.
Privacy Policy Overview You should read this entire KIK Privacy Policy, and although we are including here a partial list of some of the key topics that are explored in greater detail throughout the Privacy Policy, the full provisions should be read and will control.
Capitalized terms have the meanings given to them where defined in the Privacy Policy.
Click here for the Table of Contents, which includes a brief summary of each section of the Privacy Policy.
Click on the topic heading for full details.
We ask you and others for, and use technology to detect, information about you.
Some of this information may be shared with others, including the retailers of our products.
Click here for more information.
Third parties, including analytics providers, may collect information about you.
Their privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
Further, third parties may use Tracking Technologies (defined below) in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services.
Their privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
Click here for more information.
Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to third party signals for the expression of choice regard collection of information about an individual over time and across third-party websites or other online services (e.g., browser “do not track” signals), but you may have certain other options regarding tracking and/or targeting. You may be served with targeted advertising for our products and services on third party websites or other online services. California residents may request information about sharing of certain personal information with third parties (such as our retailers) for direct marketing.
Click here for more information.
You consent to our practices detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Each time you use the Service, the version of our privacy policy then posted will apply to that use, subject to Section 10, so you should check back each time you return to the Service for updates.
Click here for a table of contents of topics covered.
You may click on any topic heading to go to the details.
Introduction Welcome! You have arrived at an online service location (e.g., website, mobile app or other service) that is owned and/or operated by KIK Custom Products Inc. and/or one or more of its Affiliates (as defined below) (collectively, “KIK” or “we,” “our” or “us”).
This “Privacy Policy” governs your use of any online service location (e.g., web site or mobile app) that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site”), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that: (i) we own and control and make available through a Site; or (ii) that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, with each Site, the “Service”), regardless of how you access or use the Service, whether via computer, mobile device or otherwise.
However, for residents of the United States only, this Privacy Policy does not apply to data we receive from third parties, except to the extent that we combine such data with Personal Information (defined below) that we have ourselves collected under this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy also applies to our customer data collection activities offline and/or other than as part of our Service, but does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with our Service.To the extent we provide you notice on our Service of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
In addition, please review the Service's Terms of Use, which govern your use of the Service.
By using our Service, you consent to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below and in the Terms of Use.
Linkable Table of Contents It is important that you read and understand the entire Privacy Policy before using the Service.
To ease your review of the Privacy Policy, each section below has a brief introductory summary plus a link to the full explanation, which full provisions should be read and will control.
You can click on the headings or the “More” buttons to be taken to the details.
What Information Does the Service Collect?
We collect and receive information about you as you interact with our Service, explained further in this section. More
Information You Provide to Us
We collect certain Personal Information and Demographic / Product Information that you provide to us when you interact with the Service.
For example, we may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including newsletter registration forms, through “contact us” or customer service forms, or when you otherwise interact with the Service.
More Information We Collect or Store as You Access and Use the Service
We may collect certain information from you automatically when you access and use the Service.
For example, we and third parties may use Tracking Technologies to collect Usage Information based on your Device Identifier for a variety of purposes, including tracking, targeting, and advertising, which may include activities across time and third party locations.
You can avoid such tracking by not using the Service. More Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may obtain information about you from third parties. More Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may provide us information about others, such as when you send a friend a message.
If so, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, mobile number, etc.) may be used to facilitate the communication, but will not be used for other marketing purposes unless your friend consents.
You may be identified to the friend in connection with such message. More California “Do Not Track” DisclosuresWe do not look for or respond to “do not track” signals, but you may have certain other options regarding tracking and/or targeting. More
How Do We Use the Information Collected?
We may use your Personal Information, Demographic / Product Information and Usage Information for a variety of purposes detailed in this section.
More How and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties?
We may provide your information to third parties under various circumstances detailed in this section.
When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties
If you request information from third parties, request that we send information to third parties or interact with third-party sites, content, ads or tools (including Facebook and other third party sharing functionality) we may share your information with such parties and/or they may collect your information directly.
More Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
Our vendors may collect your information, share your information with us or we may share your information with them in connection with their services for us.
More To Protect the Rights of KIK and Others
There are a variety of administrative and legal reasons for which we may share some or all of your information.
More Affiliates and Business Transfer
We may share your information with our Affiliates or in the event of a sale, merger or similar transaction. More Co-Branded Areas
Co-branded areas may include information collection by us and third parties.
Such third parties' privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
More Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
To enter a Promotion, you may be required to consent to certain information sharing.
More Your California Privacy Rights
If we share certain of your information with third parties, such as our retailers, for their direct marketing purposes, without giving you an opt-out or opt-in choice, California residents are entitled to request certain information about that.
More
Do Third-Party Content, Links to Third-Party Site(s) and/or Third-Party Applications Appear on the Service?
We may allow you to access third-party content, applications and locations from the Service, such as our retailers' sites, but we are not responsible for your interaction with third-party content, applications and locations.
More Ads and Information About You
We and third parties may send you ads on the Service or on other websites and online services, including targeted ads based on your location, information and/or behavior.
If you object, do not use our Service and/or exercise choices some third parties may offer.
More How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences?
You may change certain account information and communications preferences as more fully detailed in this section.
More What About the Location of Information?
Our Service is operated in the United States and Canada.
You consent to the delivery of data about you to these locales.
Information we collect about you may be transferred to, processed, stored and used in countries where the local governments and authorities may be able to access that information without notice to you.
More What About Security?
No data security is absolute, but we take reasonable steps to secure data appropriately.
More What Should Parents Know About Children?
We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children.
If you think we have, let us know.
More What About Changes to the Privacy Policy?
We may change this Privacy Policy upon posting of a revised policy.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.
However, we will not use your previously collected Personal Information in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent.
More
The Full Detailed Privacy Policy 1. What Information Does the Service Collect? (a) Information You Provide to Us On the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as: (i) personally identifiable information, which is information about you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, and physical address (“Personal Information”); and (ii) demographic (e.g., region) and product information (“Demographic / Product
Information”).
We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including account registration forms, contact us and customer service forms, or when you otherwise interact with the Service.
To the extent we combine Demographic / Product Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
(b) Information We Collect or Store as You Access and Use the Service In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service (“Usage Information”).
This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Service.
This Usage Information may include, among other information:
your IP address, UDID or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”).
A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier; your Device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information, etc.); the URL that referred you to our Service; the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences; your Device location; your Device characteristics; and certain other Device data, including the time of day. We may use various methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information (“Tracking Technologies”).
Tracking Technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device.
A few of the Tracking Technologies include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed):
Cookies.
A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Service.
A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built in, or downloaded by you, to your Device.
HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage.
Unlike Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies do not require a plug-in.
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings.
Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard.
Also, these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies.
For information on disabling Flash cookies go to Adobe's website www.adobe.com.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies, Flash cookies, or HTML5 cookies on your Device, some parts of our Service may not function properly, and that when you revisit our Service your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Web Beacons.
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our Service's pages and messages.
Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon.
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service, such as the links you click on.
The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser Fingerprinting.
Collection and analysis of information from your Device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
ETag, or Entity Tag.
A feature of the cache in browsers.
It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.
If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned.
Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier.
ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Recognition Technologies.
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user).
We may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes, including:
Strictly Necessary.
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our Service, including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of Service functionality.
Performance Related.
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the Service, including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content, products or services offered through the Service.
Functionality Related.
We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Service, including identifying you when you sign in to our Service or keeping track of our specified preferences, including in terms of the presentation of content on our Service.
Targeting Related.
We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our Service and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content.
This includes using Tracking Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements or content that have been delivered to you.
Further information on this, and your opt-out choices, is found in Section 5 below.
We may use other Tracking Technologies in connection with the Service.
Further, third parties may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
We may not control those Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them.
However, you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with your use of our Service and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties.
For more information on our vendors, and their Tracking Technologies, click here.
For more information on advertising and advertisers, and related Tracking Technologies, click here.
(c) Information Third Parties Provide About YouWe may receive information about you from your friends and others that use the Service, such as when they use our Service to send you a link or an invitation.
However, your Personal Information they provide to facilitate the communication is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from you.
We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Service with outside records from third parties for various purposes, including to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you.
(d) Information You Provide About a Third PartyYou may send someone else a communication from the Service, such as sending a link or invitation to a friend.
If so, the Personal Information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, mobile number, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise.
Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Service, your e-mail address, mobile number, name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s).
Some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies as further detailed in Section 1(c) and Section 4, as applicable.
(e) California “Do Not Track” DisclosuresVarious third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services (e.g., browser “do not track” signals).
Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms.
Return to policy summary and navigation
2. How Do We Use the Information Collected? We may use your Personal Information, Demographic / Product Information or Usage Information that is subject to this Privacy Policy for various purposes, including:
to process transactions or provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special offers, information, marketing and/or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties (such as our retailers), in compliance with applicable law; to enable you to participate in a variety of the Service's features such as to enable you to participate in online entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions; to process your registration with the Service, including verifying your information is active and valid; to improve the Service or our services, to customize your experience on the Service, or to serve you specific content or ads that are relevant to you; to respond to your requests for information such as to provide customer support; to contact you with regard to your use of the Service, such as to request that you participate in a survey, and, in our discretion, changes to the Service and/or Service's policies; to notify you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased; to identify your product and Service preferences so that you can be informed of new or additional products, services and promotions; for internal business purposes; and for purposes disclosed in our Terms of Use or otherwise at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please note that information submitted to the Service via a “contact us” or other similar customer service inquiry function may not receive a response, and subject to applicable law, we may use that information for marketing purposes.
Return to policy summary and navigation
3. How and When Do We Share Information With Third Parties? We may share non-Personal Information, such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties.
We may share your Device Identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities.
If you are a U.S. resident, we may also share your Personal Information with our retailers and others that we think you would be interested in hearing from so that they can send you information; provided, however, if you indicate you are a Canadian resident when you provide your Personal Information, we will first obtain your consent to do so.
In addition, we may share the information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
KIK may disclose your information as follows:
(a) When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties.
You may be presented with an option on our Service to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties or to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it.
If you choose to do so, your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties.
In addition, third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their Tracking Technologies, content, tools, apps or ads on our Service or link to them from our Service.
This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other third-party posting or content sharing tools and by so interacting you consent to such third party practices.
It may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party rather than us is the seller.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them.
(b) Third Parties Providing Services on our Behalf.
We may use third-party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Service, such as hosting the Service, designing and/or operating the Service's features, tracking the Service's activities and analytics, and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services.
We may provide these vendors with access to user information, including Device Identifiers and Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you.Third-party analytics and other service providers such as Google Analytics may set and access their own technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you.
These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Service.
We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them.
However, some third parties may offer you certain choices regarding their practices.
For example, to learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please click here. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties' opt-out options.
(c) To Protect the Rights of KIK and Others.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we may also disclose your information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of KIK or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, our Terms of Use, and other applicable agreements and policies); or (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas or court orders).
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we have complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.
(d) Affiliates and Business Transfer.
We may share your information, including your Device Identifiers and Personal Information, Demographic / Product Information and Usage Information with our direct and indirect parents, subsidiaries and affiliates (“Affiliates”).
We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Service or applicable database; (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other such corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process; and/or (iii) with our licensors in compliance with agreements.
(e) Co-Branded Areas. From time to time, certain areas of the Service may be provided to you in association with third parties (“Co-Branded Areas”) such as our retailers, licensors and/or others, and in connection with that there may be the ability to disclose Personal Information to them.
Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate they may have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of your Personal Information.
If you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate with such third parties and/or download their content or applications, at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party.Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Service, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area.
We are not responsible for such third party's data collection or practices and you should look to such third party privacy policies for more information.
(f) Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. From time to time, we may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the Service that may require registration.
By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion.
If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfilment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.
(g) Your California Privacy Rights. We may from time to time elect to share certain information about you collected by us on the Service with third parties, such as our retailers, for those third parties' direct marketing purposes.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Statute”) permits California residents who have supplied us with personal information, as defined in the Statute, to under certain circumstances, request and obtain certain information regarding such disclosures, absent giving you an opt-in or opt-out choice.
If this applies, you may obtain the categories of personal information shared and the names and addresses of all third parties that received personal information about our use for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2015 will receive information about 2014 sharing activities).
To make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may make this request in writing at: PrivacyOfficer@kikcorp.com. Return to policy summary and navigation
4. Do Third-Party Content, Links to Third-Party Site(s), and/or Third-Party Applications Appear on the Service? The Service may contain links to content that is supplied by a third party, such as our retailers, and those third parties may collect Usage Information and your Device Identifier when pages from the Service are served to you.
In addition, when you are on the Service you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control, such as our retailers.
We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others.
For example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Service on to a different site.
These other sites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you, independently collect data about you, including Personal Information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.
Return to policy summary and navigation
5. Ads and Information About You The Service may use third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements on and off of the Service and may use third-party analytics and other service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of the Service and viewing of ads and of our content.
Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits and activities across the Internet and mobile media (“Behavioral Ads”).
In addition, we may serve ads on our Service based on your Usage Information from your activities on our Service (“Contextual Ads”).
Behavioral Ads and Contextual Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested.
If you object to Contextual Ads, do not use our Service.
If you object to Behavioral Ads from us on third-party sites, you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below.
Our third-party ad network and exchange providers, the advertisers, the sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies (including Flash cookies), web beacons and other Tracking Technologies on your Device and track certain behavioral Usage Information regarding users of your Device via a Device Identifier.
These third-party Tracking Technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times; and (c) understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.
You acknowledge and agree that associated technology may access and use your Device and may set or change settings on your Device in connection with the associated operations.
Note that any images (or any other parts of content) served by third parties in association with third-party ads or other content may serve as web beacons, which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities.
We and our service providers, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as a DoubleClick cookie) together to report how our internet advertising methods are related to your related to visits to the Service.
To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick's use of cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page, here.
Third-party Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us, even if they are used to serve our ads or interact with our Service.
Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third parties or the use of the information that such third parties collect.
We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice.
The relevant third party's terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices.
We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third-party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties.
Further, while we and third party sites or other online services that display our ads may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements, you may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp, which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) members.
There you may find information about your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members.
Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you, which will affect this and other sites, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads.
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different Device or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.
Additional information is available on the NAI's website accessible by the above link.
You may also opt-out of receiving third-party behavioral ads on this Service by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), and you can learn more about it and the opt-out choices it offers at http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out.
We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs.
Return to policy summary and navigation
6. How Do I Change My Information and Communications Preferences? You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of registration.
If required by applicable law, you may review, correct or update Personal Information you have provided to us by contacting us at PrivacyOfficer@kikcorp.com.
We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable.
With respect to our mobile and other applications (i.e., when we are the application publisher), you can prospectively stop all collection of information by the application by uninstalling the application.
You may use the standard uninstall process as may be available as part of your applicable Device or potentially via the appropriate application or app marketplace.
Please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons.
When you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on the Service, information that you remove may persist internally for KIK's administrative purposes.
You may cancel or modify our electronic marketing communications you receive from us by following the instructions contained within our promotional communications or by reaching us at PrivacyOfficer@kikcorp.com.
This will not affect subsequent subscriptions and if your opt-out is limited to certain types of communications the opt-out will be so limited.
Subsequent or different subscriptions will be unaffected.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of our Service, such as administrative and service announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or practices described in it, you should contact us by e-mail at: PrivacyOfficer@kikcorp.com.
Return to policy summary and navigation 7. What About the Location of Information? Our Service is operated in the United States and Canada but is primarily intended for users located in the United States.
Please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, may be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in countries where the local governments, government agencies and law enforcement authorities may be able to access that information without notice to you.
By using the Service or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the United States and/or Canada as described in this Privacy Policy.
Return to policy summary and navigation
8. What About Security? We endeavor to incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information.
However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Service and provide us with your information at your own risk.
Return to policy summary and navigation
9. What Should Parents Know About Children? We understand the importance of protecting children's privacy in the interactive world.
We are a general audience service and do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental notice and consent under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) without such parental consent.
If you are a child under thirteen (13) years of age, you are not permitted to use the Service and should not send any information about yourself to us through the Service.
In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child, we will dispose of that information in accordance with COPPA and other applicable laws and regulations.
If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information without COPPA-required consent, please contact us at PrivacyOfficer@kikcorp.com.
Return to policy summary and navigation
10. What About Changes to the Privacy Policy? We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.
However, we will not use your previously collected Personal Information in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent.
To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
Return to policy summary and navigation
© 2015 KIK Custom Products Inc.