http://www.forbiddenplanet.com/help/page/terms-and-conditions/
CHRISTMAS MAIL ORDER DATES: Click here for current information.
Due to Covid social distancing measures in our warehouse we are facing delays to shipping and email enquiries.
Our estimated delivery time for orders is between 8 to 10 working days. Please also be aware that our stores cannot assist with website enquiries. We thank you for your patience.
Terms and Conditions
This website is owned and operated by Forbidden Planet Limited.
Forbidden Planet Ltd is registered in England and Wales under company
number 1356753 at the following address: Forbidden Planet Ltd, Titan
House, 144 Southwark Street, London, SE1 0UP. Users of this website
are bound by these Terms and Conditions and should read this document
before proceeding. Use of this website and information on this website
is subject to the Terms and Conditions set out in this document. By
using this website, the Customer is acknowledging their consent to be
bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves, under sole discretion, the right to
change these Terms and Conditions at any time, without notice. Any
changes will be posted within this document. By use of this website,
the Customer accepts that they are bound by the Terms and Conditions
as they are written in this document. The Customer should check this
document regularly.
When the Customer places an order to purchase a product from this
website, this order is a formal offer to purchase the mentioned
product. Upon receipt of the Customer’s order, Forbidden Planet Ltd
will send the Customer a confirmation email illustrating that order in
detail, including the price for delivery. The confirmation
email that Forbidden Planet Ltd sends is neither a guarantee nor an
invoice.
A contract between the Customer and Forbidden Planet Ltd will
come into existence when Forbidden Planet Ltd charge the Customer’s
credit or debit card for the purchase of the product.
All prices on this website are in £ sterling and include V.A.T. where
appropriate.
This website operates independently from Forbidden Planet retail stores. Prices and promotions that are offered by Forbidden Planet Ltd on this website may differ from those in the Forbidden Planet chain of stores.
Forbidden Planet Ltd makes every effort to ensure that the contents
listed on this website are correct. However, errors may occur and
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves the right to alter product prices and
information on this website without notice. Other reasons for price
alteration may include (but are not limited to) taxation changes or
other duty increases.
In the event that Forbidden Planet Ltd changes the price of an item
due to an error, the following Terms apply. Forbidden Planet Ltd will
inform the Customer as soon as possible of the amendment and of the
correct price. The Customer may choose to fulfil their order at the
correct price, or to cancel their order. If the Customer chooses to
cancel their order and has already paid for the goods in question,
Forbidden Planet Ltd shall refund the full amount in accordance with
these Terms and Conditions.
The Customer should be aware that Forbidden Planet Ltd does not
consider a pricing adjustment due to a promotion, sale or other offer
as an error in price, and the above Terms do not therefore apply.
Forbidden Planet Ltd is under no obligation to fulfil an
order for a product that was advertised at an erroneous price or
description.
Ownership of goods does not pass into the hands of the Customer until
Forbidden Planet Ltd has received full payment.
Forbidden Planet Ltd will debit the Customer’s account once goods are
ready to be shipped.
Where a release date is listed on this website, that date is subject
to change in accordance to information received from the supplier of
the item. Forbidden Planet Ltd will not be held responsible
if that item is delayed, brought forward or cancelled, or if the
content or cover art has changed. Where a new release is cancelled,
Forbidden Planet Ltd will cancel the Customer’s order and no costs
will be charged to the Customer’s account.
Forbidden Planet Ltd sells a number of limited editions on this
website. The availability of these items is strictly on a ‘first come
first served’ basis. Forbidden Planet Ltd will endeavour to fulfil
every Customer’s order; however, once the supply of the limited
edition item is exhausted and the Customer’s order cannot be
fulfilled, Forbidden Planet Ltd will cancel the Customer’s order and
no costs will be charged to the Customer’s account.
Forbidden Planet Ltd will not be responsible for compensating the
Customer for any other losses connected with the purchase of limited
edition products.
Product prices on this website are exclusive of delivery and shipping
charges, with the exception of the Total Price listed under the
Customer’s Shopping Cart, which is inclusive of these charges.
Shipping rates are calculated by size and weight of the item(s) being
shipped. Forbidden Planet Ltd will endeavour to deliver product to the
Customer as soon as possible, in accordance with the Delivery Policy
as detailed on this website.
All deliveries will be made to the address that the Customer gives for
delivery of the product.
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves the right to refuse to deliver to an
address that may not be secure. This address could be (but is not
limited to) a communal postal address, a BFPO or a PO Box. In this
event, Forbidden Planet Ltd will inform the Customer as soon as
possible.
Forbidden Planet Ltd will not be liable to the Customer in the event
that Forbidden Planet Ltd is prevented by circumstance from delivering
product that the Customer has ordered.
The Customer should be aware that, when goods are shipped
internationally, they are subject to opening and inspection by Customs
authorities.
The Customer may cancel their order, for any reason and at any time,
up to fourteen working days after the Customer has received their
goods. In the event that the Customer wishes to cancel their order,
the Customer must inform Forbidden Planet Ltd in writing. The Customer
can also cancel by logging in to their online Customer account and
selecting the relevant order number and cancelling the product/s
themselves. It is also possible to send an email to
info@forbiddenplanet.com.
In the event that the Customer has unsealed the packaging on a CD, DVD
or audiotape, the Customer’s right to cancel no longer applies.
Should a customer wish to invoke their right to cancel on any other
item, the product must be returned to Forbidden Planet Ltd in its
original packaging and in a resalable condition with all seals and
wrappings.
Should the Customer invoke their right to cancel, the following Terms
apply.
If Forbidden Planet Ltd has not yet dispatched the product, Forbidden
Planet Ltd will cancel the Customer’s order and no costs will be
charged to the Customer’s account.
If Forbidden Planet Ltd has already dispatched the product, the
Customer will not be able to cancel their order by accessing their
online account. The Customer should contact info@forbiddenplanet.com.
In this instance, the Customer undertakes the responsibility to return
that product to Forbidden Planet Ltd.
The Customer must return the item to Forbidden Planet Ltd within 14
days of receipt to qualify for a refund.
Full details of the Customer’s right to cancel are given in the
‘Cancellation’ section of the Frequently Asked
Questions page.
In the event that an item is defective, faulty or sent in error by
Forbidden Planet Ltd, the customer should contact Forbidden Planet to
arrange the return of the item. Email: info@forbiddenplanet.com
The Customer should
use and include all the original packaging to return their item/s to
Forbidden Planet.
Forbidden Planet Ltd will offer a replacement for the same product/s
that were faulty or damaged. Where we cannot offer a replacement we
will refund the cost of the item/s and postage where applicable.
The Customer must return the item/s to Forbidden Planet Ltd within 28
days of receipt for faulty, damaged or defective goods to qualify for
a refund.
Please be aware that items that are listed on our website as sale items or ordered from the sale section of our website may not be in brand new condition due to their age, and may have signs of shelf wear. If a product may originally have been shrink wrapped it’s possible the shrink wrap will be split or missing from the item.
If you receive an item from our sale that is damaged or you are unsatisfied with the condition of that product please contact info@forbiddenplanet.com. In the event it is not possible to replace the item with one in new condition we will offer a full refund of that item on its return.
The Forbidden Planet Ltd website contains links to external sites.
Such links are not in any way an endorsement by, or an affiliation
with, Forbidden Planet Ltd. Forbidden Planet Ltd does not accept
responsibility for the content of any external sites. Any goods that
the Customer orders from another website are subject to the Terms and
Conditions of that website and Forbidden Planet Ltd has no liability
to the Customer in respect of that website nor any goods or services
the Customer obtains through its use.
Other websites are not subject to the Privacy Policy of Forbidden
Planet Ltd and may collect data or solicit personal information from
the Customer.
All content of this website is the property of Forbidden Planet Ltd
and is protected by intellectual property and copyright laws. The
Customer may access any part of this website and download or copy
material for personal use only. The Customer may not download or copy
material for use in conjunction with any other website or business.
Forbidden Planet Ltd retains the copyright for such material, or,
where the owners of the material have licensed that material to
Forbidden Planet Ltd, the copyright is retained by the owners
themselves.
The customer may not remove any copyright, trademark or intellectual
property notice contained in original material from any material
downloaded from this website.
All trademarks appearing on this website are the property of their
respective owners. Use of these trademarks is forbidden unless written
permission is obtained from the owner of the trademark.
Personal details provided by the Customer to Forbidden Planet Ltd
through this website will only be used in accordance with the Privacy
Policy of Forbidden Planet Ltd. The Customer should read the Privacy
Policy before using this website. By providing personal details to
Forbidden Planet Ltd, the Customer is consenting to the use of those
details in accordance with the Privacy Policy as laid out on this
site.
The Customer must be over 18 years of age to buy product from this
website.
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves the right to correct any errors on this
website, including description and image. Forbidden Planet Ltd reserve
the right to refuse or cancel any website order based on an incorrect
description or image. These corrections may be made after the
Customer’s order has been acknowledged.
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves the right to decline to supply any
individual or company without explanation.
Forbidden Planet Ltd reserves the right to suspend or terminate the
Customer’s use of this website at any time without explanation.
It is a crime to use a false name or a known invalid credit or debit
card number to attempt to order from this website. Forbidden Planet
Ltd will prosecute any Customer caught wilfully entering a fictitious
order to the fullest extent of the law.
If any single provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be
invalid by a Court of Law, the invalidity of that single provision
will not affect the remaining provisions of these Terms and
Conditions, which will continue to have full effect.
The failure of Forbidden Planet Ltd to exercise any right or remedy
under these Terms and Conditions does not constitute a waiver of that
right or remedy.
These Terms and Conditions shall be construed and interpreted in
accordance with the relevant United Kingdom Law. The Courts of the
United Kingdom will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any
claim, dispute or other matter arising from these Terms and
Conditions, the Customer’s use of this website or the supply of the
product by Forbidden Planet Ltd
The Customer must be over 18 years of age to purchase eVouchers or Gift Vouchers from this website.
The Customer may purchase between £5 and £1000 worth of eVoucher/s in a single transaction.
If a Customer applies an excess of Site Credit to an order with Forbidden Planet Ltd, Forbidden Planet Ltd. will only use the correct amount of Site Credit to complete the purchase.
Should the Customer’s payment fail, Forbidden Planet Ltd. will send the customer back to the Review stage of the eVoucher. The Customer may attempt the purchase a second time.
A Customer will not have control over how much of their Site Credit is used for any particular Order
Forbidden Planet Ltd. will not debit the Customer’s Site Credit until the transaction has been completed.
In the event that a Customer shares a Forbidden Planet Ltd. order between their Site Credit and their credit/debit card, Forbidden Planet Ltd. will charge the Customer’s Site Credit first and their credit/debit card second.
In the event that Forbidden Planet Ltd. offers the Customer a refund on an order shared between a Customer’s Site Credit and their credit/debit card, Forbidden Planet Ltd. will refund the Customer’s credit/debit card first and their Site Credit second.
Site Credit is NOT AVAILABLE TO CUSTOMERS OUTSIDE THE UK.
These are the Terms and Conditions for the
Customer’s enrollment into the Forbidden Planet affiliate programme.
Please read these carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not register for the Forbidden Planet affiliate programme.
Payments
We will only pay you when your total earnings is over £15.00.
Any payment less than £15.00 will be rolled over into the following month.
As soon as your total is above £15.00, we will make the payment on
the first of the following month.
We pay you commission on the website price of the item at the time when it
is purchased by the customer - less VAT if applicable.
We won’t pay you a percentage of postage and packing charges on sales
generated from your link.
Forbidden Planet often advertises ‘pre-order’ items with a long lead-time
from the supplier. We will pay your commission to you once the item has been
delivered to the customer and the transaction has been successfully completed.
Affiliate Responsibility
At no point should Affiliates promote the Forbidden Planet name,
brand or website in such a way as to suggest they represent Forbidden Planet.
For example, if an Affiliate sends an email and the recipient/s believe
Forbidden Planet has contacted them, the Affiliate agreement will be
terminated and any outstanding payment forfeited.
Forbidden Planet reserves the right to refuse links from sites we deem
unsuitable. These may include spam sites and pornographic or potentially
offensive sites.
Forbidden Planet Responsibility
Forbidden Planet cannot accept responsibility for commission lost due to -
Forbidden Planet's suppliers cancelling itemsForbidden Planet's suppliers short delivering items to Forbidden PlanetCustomers referred from the Affiliate site cancelling their order
prior to deliveryErrors in links to Forbidden Planet generated by the Affiliate siteTechnical failure of either the Forbidden Planet site or the Affiliate
site
Agreement
Either Forbidden Planet or the Affiliate has the right to terminate the
agreement. This will be done in writing with a notice period of four weeks.
The notice period is not applicable if the agreement is in breach of the
conditions outlined in this document.
If the agreement is not in breach of conditions, commission earned in the
notice period will be paid as normal.
Forbidden Planet may terminate the Affiliate agreement should the Affiliate
site be deemed in breach of copyright or date of supplier embargo. Termination
may also occur if the Affiliate site includes wording or imagery deemed
offensive, libellous, illegal or a breach of privacy. If Forbidden Planet
terminate the Affiliate agreement, the Affiliate will be informed in writing
and will forfeit any outstanding payments.
Other Useful Information
Useful Information
Privacy and Cookies
Affiliate Guide
Terms and Conditions
Career Opportunities
About Us
Back to
TOP