http://www.altitude-sports.com/pages/privacy-policy-confidentialite
Privacy Policy
What information does Altitude Sports collect?
How is Your Personal Information Used?
Does Altitude Sports Share Your Information?
Service Providers
Your Consent
Aggregate Site Use Information
Cookie Use
Online Order Information and Security
Our Site Security
Altitude Sports Membership Information
Newsletter Subscription
Opting Out
Fraud Prevention
Links
Accuracy of Information
Access to Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will never sell or rent your email address or any other information without your permission. Altitude Sports is on your side, especially when it comes to keeping your information safe. Naturally, the business world includes relations, and so we convey certain information to do business with you. We need certain information and must share it, such as your postal address if we wish to ship you your order. However, if we ask for certain personal information we will explain specifically for what reason we are collecting it.
The following policy is enacted to show Altitude Sports commitment to your privacy. If you should have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact our customer service.
What information does Altitude Sports collect?
At Altitude Sports, we collect two types of information: personal information and non-personal information. The types of information we collect depend on the nature of your interaction with us.
Personal information
Personal information is information that can identify an individual or information about an identifiable individual. We may collect personal information such as:
your contact information – e.g., name, postal address, telephone number, and email address;
your personal preferences – e.g., product wish lists, language preferences, and marketing consent; and
your transaction information – e.g., products purchased, method of payment, amount paid, and credit or debit card number.
Non-personal information
Non-personal information does not identify you as an individual. For example:
o we may collect certain non-personal data when you visit our Web Sites, such as the type of browser you are using or the referring URL; or
we may collect and summarize customer information in a non-personal, aggregate format for statistical and research purposes.
How is Your Personal Information Used?
Altitude Sports may use your personal information for a number of different business purposes, for example to:
fulfill your specific requests for products, services or information;
provide customer support to assist you with your questions or complaints;
conduct surveys in order to improve our services;
measure and improve the effectiveness of our Web Sites or our marketing endeavours;
detect and protect against fraud and error;
track and analyze your purchases and preferences to better understand your product and service needs and eligibility;
tailor our online content or in-store offerings based on your preferences;
market and advertise products and services;
communicate things like special events, promotions and surveys;
if you ask us, to offer and promote additional products and services we offer; and
for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Does Altitude Sports Share Your Information?
Altitude Sports does not sell or rent our customers' personal information to any other party. However, in the normal course of business we may share some of your personal information within our corporate family and with third parties acting on our behalf or as permitted or required by law.
Some of these operations may result in personal information collected by Altitude Sports being stored or processed outside of Canada and, as a result, your personal information may be accessible to law enforcement and regulatory authorities in accordance with the law of these foreign jurisdictions.
Service Providers
Altitude Sports may use third parties to manage one of more aspects of our business operations, including the processing or handing of personal information. When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that your personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
For example, we may share personal information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as: fulfilling online orders, processing non-cash payments, sending marketing communications, servicing products, conducting research surveys, verifying and validating information that you have provided to us, delivering products, and providing customer support services.
Altitude Sports has taken precautions to prevent the fraudulent use of your information on our Web Sites. Altitude Sports has adopted industry standard authentication procedures to ensure your protection while shopping with us online. This includes, but is not limited to, contacting financial institutions or credit reporting agencies to ensure the authenticity of your credit card and to validate your credit card billing information.
Your Consent
Altitude Sports will collect, use, or disclose your personal information only with your knowledge and consent, except where required or permitted by law. When you choose to provide us with your personal information you consent to the use of your personal information as identified in this Privacy Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection.
Express Consent
Sometimes you will be asked to give your express consent, such as by checking a box to indicate your consent to receive marketing communications, or by providing your signature to indicate your acceptance of the use and disclosure terms presented on an application form.
Implied Consent
Other times, we may obtain your consent implicitly when we can reasonably conclude that you've given consent by some action you have taken or an action you have decided not to take. Generally, this occurs where the purpose for use of your personal information would be reasonably apparent to you.
Withdrawing Your Consent
You may notify us at any time that you wish to withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure or your information. We will accommodate your request subject to legal and contractual restrictions related to your transactions.
If you have "opted in" or subscribed to one of our newsletters or mailing lists, we will always provide you the opportunity to "opt out" or unsubscribe. For example, each e-newsletter we send to you will include a link or other method to unsubscribe or decline further e-newsletters.
Aggregate Site Use Information
We record information about the pages viewed by all of our website visitors. This data includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, connection speed, read time, display time, and number of clicks. We use this data, in aggregate form, to compile statistics and reports for Altitude Sports' use, and improve the online experience for all visitors. We may, on occasion, provide portions of this aggregate information to vendors, consultants, potential advertisers, or news agencies. Typical uses of the data in this fashion would be to gauge the amount of interest in our site and/or to plan for site infrastructure improvements.
Cookie Use
A cookie is a small text file stored on a user's hard drive. Depending on how you have configured your browser, when you visit our site we use cookies. Cookies are not required to shop on our site. We use cookies to assist with anonymous site traffic analysis, which includes tracking the time/date of visits, pages viewed, and referring URLs.
There are simple ways to either refuse all cookies, or accept them each time they are offered. Consult your browser's help files for assistance on changing cookie settings or removing cookie files.
Online Order Information and Security
If you place an order online, we only request the information needed to complete the processing of your orders and billing. We also share our users' personal information with outside shipping companies and credit card processing companies in order to bill and ship your order, but we do not provide any more information than necessary for these purposes. We may also use the information to contact you regarding your order.
Our Site Security
We use appropriate security safeguards to protect your personal information against loss, theft, and unauthorized access. Any personal information you provide to Altitude Sports is exchanged on a secure server. We use one of today's most advanced security systems, the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, to encrypt, or encode, information you send to us in the order process. The encryption process protects information, such as your credit card number, and billing and shipping information by scrambling it before it is sent from your computer. Only once we receive your information is it decoded, and we make all reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our own systems.
Warning:
Email is not a secure means to send personal information, as it is not encrypted. We strongly encourage you to use our secure ordering process when ordering online. For general correspondence, contact us at info@altitude-sports.com.
Altitude Sports Membership Information
EAs a member, Altitude Sports requires your assistance in providing us with your personal information to maintain and efficiently use our internal membership database. We will never share this information with anyone. It's fact, it is only for us to differentiate our customers and have a way to better help them. The information maintained in the database includes:
Hence, information contained in the database can only be used for corporate purposes pertaining to Altitude Sports, such as newsletters, Board election information and other correspondence. Altitude Sports does not sell, rent, or loan our membership lists to anyone.
Updating Membership Data
Membership information previously provided to Altitude Sports can be up updated online at www.altitude-sports.com, or by calling our customer service at 1 800 729-0322 (Canada and U.S.) or (514) 495-1111 (Local and International).Membership information previously provided to Altitude Sports can be up updated online at www.altitude-sports.com, or by calling our customer service.
Newsletter Subscription
Our newsletters are sent to people and businesses with whom Altitude Sports has established a business relationship. By business relationship we mean all people and businesses who have placed an order on the website of Altitude-sports.com. By accepting the transaction conditions on the Altitude-sports.com website, the person and/or business consents tacitly to receiving the Altitude Sports newsletter. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter, click on “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of the email, and follow the instructions.
Subscribers wishing to update their contact information, or opt out of receiving newsletters, can contact our customer service.
We collect aggregate information regarding open rates, page views, and generated sales from our HTML email newsletters. Aggregate information does not personally identify individuals. Subscribers concerned about collection of aggregate information may contact our customer service.
Opting Out
If you wish to have any of your personal information removed from our databases, or if you no longer want us to send any further communications to you, please send an e-mail to customer service.
Fraud Prevention
Altitude Sports operative reserves the right to co-operate with local, national, or international law enforcement or other authorities in the investigation of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. If such an investigation requires disclosure of personal information kept in our records, we may be required by law to cooperate. We also reserve the right to report improper or unlawful user activities on our site, which may require the disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites and advertisements. This privacy statement only applies to information collected by our web site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of these thirdU parties.
Accuracy of Information
We strive to ensure that any personal information we retain and use is as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary for the purposes for which we will use it. We do not routinely update personal information unless necessary for these purposes. Nonetheless, if our records regarding your personal information are inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend that information at your request.
Access to Information
At your request, we will provide to you a statement explaining the extent to which we hold personal information about you, and we will explain how that information has been used or disclosed by us. This page will be updated if information about the collection and use of your personal data changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Altitude Sports may update this privacy policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this privacy policy by placing a prominent notice on our website. As well, a history of those changes will be noted here, beginning with changes published after May 20th, 2013. All changes will remain in compliance with federal and provincial privacy legislation
Have a question?
Talk to one of our specialists.
Chat
Email
Toll-free 1 800 729-0322
Monday to Friday: 9 am to 10pm ET
Saturday: 10am to 6pm ET
Sunday: 1pm to 9pm ET
Newsletter
Be the first to know about our new arrivals, promotions.Get 10% to 15% off your next purchase from over 100 brands!
Thank you for joining us! Your discount code has been sent to your email address.
Gift Card
A virtual gift card for a virtual Christmas
Your Cart is Empty