https://www.womanspersonalhealth.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Home
Useful Links
Information
F.A.Q.
Policies
Products
Blog
Testimonials
Contact
Size Charts
Savvy Shopper
Log In
Home »Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sale Ends In:
Woman's Personal Health Privacy Policy
Woman's Personal Health is dedicated to protecting your privacy when using our Web site. Please read this policy to understand how we collect and use information gathered through this Web site, and to understand your rights regarding these practices. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE: The Woman's Personal Health only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number and similar information which identifies you. We collect this information so that you may obtain access to members-only portions of our Web site and/or to receive Woman's Personal Health  products and services. We do not sell or rent or transmit personal information to other organizations. However, some Woman's Personal Health events or services are co-sponsored or provided in connection with other companies not under the direct control of the Woman's Personal Health. These may include seminars, educational events, conferences, newsletters, discussion groups and similar services. Whenever we provide such services, we will disclose the name of our sponsor or provider, and will disclose any Woman's Personal Health information collection and use practices which may differ from those practices set forth in this policy. Co-sponsors of Woman's Personal Health services and events may require registration information from you which will be used by the co-sponsor or its partners to contact you regarding such services or events. When signing up or registering for any such services or events where the Woman's Personal Health is not the sole sponsor and provider, you should be aware of any differing privacy practices by our partners and read all disclosures available to you. Though Woman's Personal Health makes reasonable efforts to only work with reputable partners, we cannot control their privacy practices in every instance regarding the personal information you voluntarily provide to them. AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE: We may collect information from visitors to our Web site and users of our services in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain nor be linked to any personal information. The Woman's Personal Health uses this information to measure the use of our Web site and to improve the content of our Web site. Aggregate information may also be compiled based upon personal information. When this information is shared with a third party, it does not contain any personal information. CLICKSTREAM: As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Web site. We may use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Web site, how visitors navigate throughout the Web site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information may be used to improve our Web site or to share with business partners. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not contain any personal information. CHANGES TO POLICY; OPT-OUT PROCESS: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of our Web site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that differs from this policy, we will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. By registering with the Web site, you consent to receive information and updates on our services directly from the Woman's Personal Health. You may opt-out of such communications by sending an email to or by following unsubscribe procedures on the Web site or promotional emails that you receive. COOKIES: "Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that web site. Many web sites use cookies for these purposes. We, and any third parties that place materials on the Web site, may use cookies to customize your visit to the Web site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Web site or your interaction with the Web site. OTHER WEB SITES: Our Web site may contain links to other web sites not maintained by the Woman's Personal Health including in connection with Woman's Personal Health co-sponsored events, publications, newsletters and other services. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Web site. Clicking a link on our Web site may bring you to a third party web site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Web site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. SECURITY: The security of your personal information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers by utilizing encryption software. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed access to your personal information. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Woman's Personal Health, and the Woman's Personal Health and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Web site demonstrates your assumption of this risk.  We do not keep any credit card information on record, on our website or in any other facility.  We've chosen to use PayPal so that your information is secure and we do not have access or record your credit card information during checkout.WEB SITE LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Use of this Web site is governed by the provisions contained in the Legal Disclaimer. Your use, or access, of the Web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEB SITE.
Categories
Mastectomy Sleepwear and Loungewear
New Lymphediva Gauntlets
New Lymphediva Sleeves
Products By Manufacturer
Breast Forms
Mastectomy Bras
Immediate Post Mastectomy Products by Ladies First, Too Beautiful, Amoena, TruLife, Gentle Touch, LuisaLuisa & Wear Ease
Mastectomy Swimwear
Non Mastectomy Bras and Shapewear
Other New Products
Panties
Promotional Products
Prosthetic Nipples
Shapewear
Skin Care
Accessories
Camisoles For Everyday
Compression / Lymphedema
Exercise and Leisure Wear
Gift Certificates
Headwear, Turbans and Hat and Hair
Medical Support Garments
New Products
Night Sweat Pajamas
[ Home ] [ Useful Links ] [ Information ] [ FAQ ] [ Policies ] [ Feedback ] [ Products ] [ Privacy Policy ] [ Contact ] © Copyright 2000-2018 Women's Personal Health Post Mastectomy Products | Breast Forms | Mastectomy Bathing Suits Breast Prosthesis |  Amoena Bras | Mastectomy Swimwear Mastectomy/Mastectomy Bras | Mastectomy Bras Store | Plus Size Mastectomy Bras Post Mastectomy Bras | Amoena Mastectomy Bra | Sitemap