http://www.strawberrynet.com/en-us/customer-service/conditions-legal/
We're around to deliver your order safely. However, due to the current situation, your order may be delayed and a 2.5% freight surcharge will be applied at checkout.
Don't miss 10% Off + 4% Points on your first order! Sign up now>>
StrawberryNET
$ USD United States: Español
EnglishEspañolShow all countries / regions
Order Tracking
AccountFavouritesPoint RewardsOrdersReviewsCommissionSettings
Get 10% Off
Sign out
Sign in
WishlistTo add to Wishlist, please register or sign in.
0Bag
SHOP BY BRAND
SKINCARE
MAKEUP
HAIRCARE
PERFUME
MEN'S SKINCARE
MEN'S COLOGNE
HOME SCENTS
NATURAL BEAUTY
SPECIALS
Shop All Specials >
NEW
SHOP BY BRAND
SKINCARE
PERFUME
HOME SCENTS
MAKEUP
MEN'S SKINCARE
SPECIALS
HAIRCARE
WHAT'S NEW
FREE WORLDWIDE SHIPPING. Conditions apply
Terms & Conditions
HELP WITH ORDER
FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping & Taxes
Discounts & Promotions
Returns & Cancellations
Using The Site
How to Order
Price & Payment
Review Guidelines
Currency Conversion
Work With Us
Affiliate Program
Partner Program
Wholesale Program
Company Information
About Us
Website Comments & Awards
Bookmark Us
Legal
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Show Menu
Conditions of Use and Legal Information
Welcome to StrawberryNET.Com.
StrawberryNET.Com (Strawberry Cosmetics (Services) Ltd) and its affiliates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions.
If you visit or shop at StrawberryNET.Com, you accept these conditions.
Please read them carefully.
It spells out what you can expect from us and what we expect from you.
By accessing any areas of StrawberryNET.Com, users ("Users") agree to be legally bound and to abide by the terms set forth below.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to StrawberryNET.Com to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit StrawberryNET.Com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically.
We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All StrawberryNet related content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of StrawberryNET.Com or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all StrawberryNet related content on this site is the exclusive property of StrawberryNET.Com and protected by international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of StrawberryNET.Com or its software suppliers and protected by international copyright laws.
TRADEMARKS
StrawberryNET.Com and other StrawberryNET related marks indicated on our site are trademarks of StrawberryNET.Com or its subsidiaries, and other StrawberryNET.Com graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of StrawberryNET.Com or its subsidiaries. StrawberryNET.Com's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not StrawberryNET.Com's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits StrawberryNET.Com.
Any other trademarks, company names, product names, and/or logos set forth in this website, including those of or related to any products, are the property of their respective owners .
StrawberryNET.Com does not claim to own any of these trademarks and StrawberryNET.Com is not related to, endorsed by, or in any other way connected or associated with these companies.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Expressly agrees that use of StrawberryNET.Com is at User's sole risk. Neither StrawberryNET.Com, nor its affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, or employees, agents, third-party content providers, merchants, sponsors, licensors (collectively, "Providers"), or the like, warrant that StrawberryNET.Com will be uninterrupted or error-free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of StrawberryNET.Com, or as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information content, service, or merchandise provided through StrawberryNET.Com. This site is provided by StrawberryNET.Com on an as "as is" and "as available" basis. StrawberryNET.Com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products, included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, StrawberryNET.Com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. StrawberryNET.Com will not be liable for any losses or damages arising from the shipping and handling of goods after they have been dispatched from the warehouse. StrawberryNET.Com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, or from any products purchased from this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages. No oral advice or written information given by StrawberryNET.Com nor its affiliates, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, providers, or the like, shall create a warranty or legal obligation; nor shall user rely on any such information or advice.
StrawberryNET.Com reserves the right to change any advertised price before accepting an order. All products are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. If we are unable to fulfill your order, you will be offered an alternative or given a refund for the unavailable product.
YOUR ACCOUNT
All users create an account when they place an order with StrawberryNET.com and are automatically enrolled into our loyalty programme. A user's account is recognized by the email address first used to place their order. Users must notify us if their email address changes so we can transfer their loyalty discount and other relevant information to their new account.
Each account holder has the ability to register their account to access account management features such as checking order histories or leaving product reviews. Access to these features requires a password. It is the user's responsibility to create a strong password; keep their password confidential and change their password if they believe it has been revealed to a third party.
The user is responsible for all actions on the user's account and for maintaining
their personal information accurately.
StrawberryNET.Com does sell children's products, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card. If you are under 18, you may use StrawberryNET.Com only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods.
StrawberryNET.Com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
RATINGS & REVIEWS
Customers are eligible to submit a product rating and review for display on the website provided they have had one shipped order and have registered their account to access the account management features of this website.
StrawberryNET.com reserves the right to reject, edit or remove any content at our sole discretion.
Users who submit their content grant StrawberryNET.com: irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully sub-licensable and transferrable rights to use, copy, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media format.
The user represents that they are the sole author, owner or control all rights to the content submitted. That the content submitted is accurate and that all 'moral rights' in such content have been voluntarily waived.
Furthermore, the user agrees not to submit any content that is known to be false, inaccurate or misleading; breach any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; that may be considered defamatory, libellous or hateful; any content for which compensation was granted by any third party.
The user agrees to indemnify and hold StrawberryNET.com harmless from all claims, demands and damages brought by a third party against StrawberryNET.com that arise as a result of content and materials supplied by the user.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
StrawberryNET.Com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible.
However, StrawberryNET.Com does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
If a product offered by StrawberryNET.Com itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
APPLICABLE LAW
This site is created and controlled by StrawberryNET.Com in Hong Kong.
As such, the laws of Hong Kong will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
StrawberryNET.Com reserves the right to make changes to its site and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
User hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong for any litigation arising out of or relating to use of or purchase made through StrawberryNET.Com (and agrees not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in the Hong Kong Courts and agrees not to plead or claim in any Hong Kong Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATIONS, AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, all contained under Customer Service, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to StrawberryNET.Com. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and operable to the extent permitted under the law, and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
We are not responsible for any typographical errors or inaccuracies set forth in this website. The information, prices, and discounts set forth herein are subject to change without notice.
Point Rewards Program
1. Membership & Eligibility
The Point Rewards Program ("Program") is a free rewards program offered by Strawberrynet to its customers. Membership to the Program ("Membership") is limited to individuals only and is limited to one account per individual. Eligible minors must obtain their parent's or legal guardian's consent prior to participation.
You must have a Strawberrynet account with a password in order to be eligible. New customers who register for an account will be automatically enrolled in the program.
2. Earning and Redeeming Program Rewards
Under the Program, for every dollar spent (as applicable based on country of purchase) on Strawberrynet merchandise online at www.Strawberrynet.com, you will receive 2% of your order value as points. We also offer point rewards events from time to time and in under those circumstances the point rewards offer would apply.
In regions where the smallest unit of currency is 1 (such as Japan, Korea, Indonesia, Chile, Iceland, Taiwan and Iran), points will be rounded up or down to the nearest integer after a customer has Earned them. In other regions, points will be rounded to the nearest first decimal.
You can view your current point balance, as well as any other points activity, in your account page.
Points may be used at checkout towards a purchase on orders of US$30.00 or more. The retail value of the Reward does not count toward Strawberrynet's free shipping threshold. Points cannot be redeemed for cash and can only be used at checkout towards the value of your purchase. Strawberrynet may, at its own discretion, allow points to be redeemable for other items of merchandise from time to time.
Please note that in regions where the smallest unit of currency is 1, the minimum number of points you can apply to each order is 1. In other regions, the minimum is 0.1 point. Points are applied to your order total after cash coupons and discounts are applied, but before shipping, surcharges, and applicable taxes are calculated.
Please note that it may take up to 24 hours after placing an order for points to be updated in your account. After purchase, accrued points will appear under the Pending category for 7 days. After 7 days, points will become Earned, and may be used towards future purchases.
3. Loyalty Customers
There are different tiers of membership in the Program. Loyalty Customers who opt to upgrade to the new Point Rewards System can do so on their account pages. In addition, they may be eligible for a higher percentage of point rewards, depending on the customer's existing loyalty discount.
Once you upgrade, the Point Rewards Program will replace your existing Loyalty Discount. This upgrade cannot be reversed. Loyalty Customers must opt-in to upgrade in order to start earning points on their purchases.
Strawberrynet may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit, or modify these regulations, benefits, eligibility for membership, or any other feature of the Point Rewards Program at any time in its sole discretion, without prior notice.
4. Order Cancellation
If an item is cancelled from your order, the points accrued from that item will be deducted from your account. It is possible your account could have a negative balance if you do not have enough points in your account because of the item cancellation. If your entire order is cancelled, any points accrued from that order will be deducted from your account. Any points used to purchase the order will also be returned to your account.
5. Point Expiration
All points expire 90 days after they are earned. The current status of all your points can be found in your individual account.
6. Communications with Strawberrynet
By registered an account on Strawberrynet, you agree (or, if you are a minor, your parent or legal guardian agrees) to receive advertising, marketing materials and other communications from Strawberrynet. By signing up to join the Program, you will automatically be subscribed to receive Program emails.
7. Opting Out of Communications with Strawberrynet
If you do not wish to receive these communications, you can request that they be discontinued.
8. Changes, Termination And/Or Removal From Program
Strawberrynet may, in its sole discretion, alter, limit, or modify the Program rules, regulations, benefits, eligibility for Membership, or any other feature of the Program (including assigning any of its obligations to customers under the Program at any time to another person or entity, without recourse) or may terminate the Program any time at its sole discretion, by posting any such changes on the Strawberrynet website. Your continued participation in the program following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Strawberrynet reserves the right to exclude individuals from the Program or remove points from a member's account at its sole but reasonable discretion. In particular, any abuse, manipulation or "gaming" of the Program or its rules (as determined by Strawberrynet), failure to follow any terms of the Program, any misrepresentation or any conduct detrimental to the interests of Strawberrynet not otherwise protected by law may subject members to revocation or deduction of points obtained through these abusive or manipulative activities and will affect eligibility for further participation in the Program. If your membership is revoked or otherwise cancelled, any points in your account will automatically expire. Strawberrynet reserves the right to make changes to its Web site and these Terms at any time. It is your responsibility to check or review these Terms from time to time to keep informed of any changes. By joining the Program, you hereby agree to be bound by any such changed Terms.
9. Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Strawberrynet will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with your participation or membership in the program, including damages arising out of changes to or termination of the program. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. By agreeing to these terms, you willingly agree (or, if you are a minor, your parent or legal guardian willingly agrees) that you have relinquished your right to seek these damages from Strawberrynet.
StrawberryNET
Operated by:-
Strawberry Cosmetics (USA) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (China) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (Australasia) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (Europe) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (Japan) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (International) Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (Korea) Ltd.
Strawberry Ltd.
Payco Ltd.
Strawberry Cosmetics (Services) Ltd
All the above companies are based in Hong Kong with address and customer services contact as below:
Address
Strawberry Fields,
No.4, A Kung Ngam Village Road,
Shau Kei Wan,
Hong Kong.
Tel No. : 852-2591-0300
Fax No. : 852-2811-5138
E-mail : info@StrawberryNET.com
Back to Top
HELP WITH ORDER
FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping & Taxes
Discounts & Promotions
Returns & Cancellations
Using The Site
How to Order
Price & Payment
Review Guidelines
Currency Conversion
Work With Us
Affiliate Program
Partner Program
Wholesale Program
Company Information
About Us
Website Comments & Awards
Bookmark Us
Legal
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions