http://www.koicarp.org.uk/koi_water_garden_privacy.htm
last updated 22nd October 2014
Privacy Policy
Plus Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Koi Water Garden Ltd is committed to ensuring the best standards of practice in all aspects of our business activities.
Visitors to our website can be assured that the protection of privacy and confidentiality are given the highest priority. All personal information collected is held and used in strict compliance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Information Collected
Koi Water Garden Ltd does not collect any personal information from visitors to its website other than information that is knowingly and voluntarily given.
Visitors interested in Koi Water Garden Ltd, its products or services,  can provide contact details via an on-line enquiry form. Visitors will not be contacted unless such information is given.
Use of Information
The information collected may be used to contact you with further details of our products and services or to send details of future sales and product promotions.
You can inform us at any time if you no longer require such information to be sent.
Third Party Disclosure:
We guarantee that we will not, under any circumstances divulge any information about you to any third party.
Data Security
We at Koi Water Garden Ltd take security very seriously and take all necessary measures to safeguard the information we hold and prevent unauthorised access or improper use. We are continually reviewing our procedures and where necessary will up-date our on-line security systems as new technologies become available and new activities are introduced.
Credit Card Transactions:
Koi Water Garden Ltd uses appropriate encryption protection when receiving and transmitting all credit card information. Such information is NOT stored in our database and is only used to process the current transaction.
Integrity of Data
We take all reasonable measures to ensure that the information we hold is accurate.
In particular we use reliable collection methods and destroy any out-of-date data.
Individuals may request details of all personal information held by us so as to contest inaccurate or incomplete data, verify the information we hold and have it corrected as appropriate.
Enforcement
Any queries relating to Koi Water Garden Ltd’s collection or use of personal information should be addressed to Koi Water Garden Ltd, Dormer Cottage, Spurgrove Lane, Little Frieth, Henley on Thames, Bucks, RG9 6NU
Download our standard terms and conditions of sale
[Back to Top]