http://www.bustan.ca/help/security-privacy
Help / Security & Privacy
Security & Privacy
All orders are discretely packaged!
We have issued this privacy statement to in order to convey to you, our customers, how important your privacy is to us and to assure you of one thing:
WE DO NOT SHARE ANY INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU OR YOUR TRANSACTIONS WITH ANYONE!
We do not rent, loan, sell, barter, or let organizations use our customer information in any matter.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Bustan Urban Gardening Essentials. Click HERE to contact us.
What information do we gather and what do we do with it?
The only information we request from you occurs during checkout, and is necessary in order to properly bill and ship your order. If we have a question about your order, we will contact you at the phone number or email that you provide us with. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. These cookies are terminated once you close your browser. If you turn cookies off in your browser, our shopping cart system may not function properly.
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems and gather demographic information only. These addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use this information to tailor your experience at our site by showing content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences.
Unique identifiers (like your password) are collected to verify your identity and to use as record numbers in our record system only.
Security Measures
When you provide personal information to us online, it is encrypted through secure server technology using Secure Socket Layers (SSL). SSL is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.
This site uses SSL data encryption and a Digital Certificate issued by GeoTrust. The Digital certificate secures communications between Bustan and our customers. Through electronic credentials, digital certificates help identify and encrypt electronic messages over the Internet. Digital certificates allow you to verify your identity, privileges or relationship to another party in an online transaction. When used in combination with encryption, they also allow you to encrypt information that you send to another person to provide additional assurance that only the intended party can access the data and that the data will not be compromised en route. Digital certificates facilitate these security measures, which in turn allow applications like e-mail, on-line trading, and credit card purchasing, to be executed in the most secure environment. Digital certificates help to ensure that information is received only by the intended recipient and by the person claiming to be the sender, and that none of the information was altered en route to the recipient.
Your billing information and your shipping information is available only to our Service Manager. Our customer service representatives may request this information only if you contact them with questions about your account or an order you placed.
Connection Safety
Ensure your connection is secure By viewing the padlock at the bottom of the window screen, this ensures that our site is secure.
Click twice on the padlock at the bottom of the window screen or on the seal issued by GeoTrust located at the bottom of the navigation bar to view our security certificate.
Links To Other Sites
This site contains links to other sites. Bustan does not control the information collection of sites that can be reached through links from bustan.ca. If you have questions about the data collection practices of linked sites, please contact those companies directly.
How can I opt-out?
This site gives you the option to remove your information from our database so you do not receive future communications or receive our service. To remove your information, send an email to news@bustan.ca and type "Unsubscribe" as the subject.
How can I correct or update my information?
This site gives you the option for changing and modifying information previously provided. To make changes to your information, fill our online Contact Us form..
How can I contact Bustan Urban Gardening Essentials?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Bustan by filling our online Contact Us form.