http://www.bulkherbstore.com/pages/customer-service-policies
Home
Herbs & Spices
Tea
Herbal Tea
Chai & Mate
Black Tea
Green Tea
Decaffeinated Tea
Herbal Blends
Salves & Tinctures
Immune Support
Body Balancing
Smoothie Mixes
Accessories
Sale
Sign in/Join
0
My Cart
Featured TextA great place to share about a sale!
My Cart
Close
Bulk Herb Store
Home
Herbs & Spices
Tea
Herbal Tea
Chai & Mate
Black Tea
Green Tea
Decaffeinated Tea
Herbal Blends
Salves & Tinctures
Immune Support
Body Balancing
Smoothie Mixes
Accessories
Sale
Customer Service Policies
Customer Service Policies
Website:
You can place orders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on our website. We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover cards registered in the U.S. or Canada. We accept PayPal with online orders.Sales Tax will be added to all orders shipped to Missouri, California, Florida, or Connecticut . All other states are tax exempt at this time.
Phone Orders:
We do not take phone orders at this time. Please shop via our website or mail in your order.
Mail:
Bulk Herb Store2278 Baker Creek RoadMansfield, MO 65704
We also accept orders through the mail. For orders placed by mail, please write the items down that you would like to order. Please include your name, address, telephone number, and email address (if available) with your order. Also, please don't forget to calculate the necessary sales tax for orders from Missouri, California, Florida, or Connecticut when totaling your order. We accept personal checks, money orders, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover cards registered within the U.S and Canada. Please do not send cash! Please allow up to 7 days for mailed-in orders to reach our office.
Fax:
For orders placed by fax, please write the items down that you would like to order. Please include your name, address, telephone number, credit/debit card information with your signature, and email address (if available) with your order.You can also print out your online order (before paying) and fax it in. Be sure to include tax (Missouri, California, Florida, and Connecticut residents) and shipping, if applicable, and your payment information.You may fax your order to (417)-924-8887.
Local Pickup:
You can shop for teas and related products at our retail location in Missouri. Bulk Herb Store location:2278 Baker Creek RoadMansfield, MO 65704
Add-Ons and Adjustments:
At this time, we are not able to make any changes to your order regarding changing of an item(s) quantity or adding additional items. We apologize for any inconvenience, and ask that you please review your order carefully prior to submitting your order.
Backorders:
Occasionally, we run out of an item after processing your order, and find that an item you ordered is temporarily unavailable. If such an event occurs, a refund will be issued.
Discrepancies and Shortages:
If you find that your order contains discrepancies or incorrect amounts, please contact us as soon as possible to resolve your issue. We cannot accept requests for returns after 60 days from the date of your invoice.
ORDERING HOURS:
Customer Service Hours:When ordering online, you can place orders 24 hours a day 7 days a week.Pickup Hours:Office hours are 8 A.M. to 4 P.M Monday-Friday. Please refer to Local Pickup Information above for more details.
Out of Stock Items:
Once in awhile a particular item will go out of stock. We remove it from the website as soon as possible, and you can choose to be notified by email when it is back in stock. However, if before your order is processed, we find that one or more items are out of stock, we will issue a refund, and ship only the available item(s) out at that time.We understand that Out of Stock items can be inconvenient, and try to make our customers aware of the shortage before they order.
Samples:
In order to keep our prices affordable, we cannot offer samples of our herbs or herbal mixes.
Special Orders:
At this time, Bulk Herb Store does not accommodate special orders or tea blending services. However, we are always open to product suggestions! To suggest new products email us at herbs@bulkherbstore.com.
On-line Privacy
The Bulk Herb Store takes great pride in having you as a customer and we will ensure your privacy as a customer.  The Bulk Herb Store does not sell or exchange names or any other information about our customers with third parties.
DISCOUNT POLICY
We offer many opportunities to save through our enewsletter, Facebook page, Bulk Herb Store website, and flyers. Discounts cannot be combined. Instead, when more than one discount applies, we will honor the highest discount, and all others will become void. We cannot refund or add a coupon or discount to an order if it is not applied at the time of ordering.
WILDCRAFTING, SUSTAINABILITY, RECYCLING POLICIES
BULK HERB STORE’S ENVIRONMENTAL PRACTICES
Here at Bulk Herb Store, we not only strive to help your life become more vibrant and energetic, but we also take great care to keep our environment at its best. When the environment we live in is healthy and alive, then so are we. At Bulk Herb Store, we like to do our part by recycling the items that would add to landfill waste such as cardboard, plastic, glass, pallets, etc. When items like these are recycled, it helps keep our planet that much cleaner and greener!
SUSTAINABILITY POLICY
At Bulk Herb Store, it is our mission to provide you with the highest-quality, certified organic herbs possible. When organic is not available, we carefully select the best wildcrafted or “grown without chemicals” from sources that have a strong plant sustainability program, and can provide us with their certification. All wildcrafters are required to provide a document of sustainable practice and quality verification.
WILDCRAFT POLICY
Our preference of herbs at Bulk Herb Store is organic since it is the optimum choice. However, when organic is not available, we choose herbs that have been wildcrafted. Wildcrafting simply means the herbs have been harvested from their natural habitat, undisturbed and untouched by any chemicals or synthetic additives. Even when herbs are harvested from the wild, special care is taken to make sure any endangered species are protected. Wildcrafted herbs are the next best to organic, and often they are organic, but can not be labeled so due to the fact they grew in the wild and not in a controlled organic environment.
Shop Our Immune Support Blends!
Bulk Herb Store
At the Bulk Herb Store, we desire to open a whole new world of certified organic herbal teas and spice blends to our customers.All information is for educational purposes only and has not been evaluated by the FDA. This information is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Please consult with your health care provider before adding any herb/supplements to your routine.Products naturally vary slightly
from pictures and we are doing our best to update all pictures as soon as possible.
Need Help?
Shipping
Returns
Customer Service
FAQ
Search
Our Company
About Us
How To Use Herbs
Contact Us
Privacy
Connect
Join our email list for exclusive coupons and VIP access to upcoming sales.
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
JCB
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa
© 2020 Bulk Herb Store • All information is for educational purposes only and has not been evaluated by the FDA. This information is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.