http://www.crystalquest.com/pages/terms-policies-conditions
FREE Shipping on Residential Items $250 Minimum Purchase | Essential Service-Provider Open For Business
FREE Shipping on Residential Items $250 Minimum Purchase | Essential Service-Provider Open For Business
HomeResidential Whole House Water FiltersDrinking Water Filters Countertop Water FiltersUnder Sink Water FiltersInline Water FiltersWater Pitcher FilterFaucet Mount FilterSpecialty Filters Acid NeutralizingAlkaline Water FiltersArsenic Water FiltersFluoride Water FiltersIron/Manganese/Hydrogen SulfideLead Water FiltersNitrate Water FiltersTannin RemovalTurbidity RemovalDosing SystemReverse Osmosis DesalinationWhole HouseCountertopUnder SinkCommercialMembranesWater Storage TanksReplacement Filter PacksParts & AccessoriesMembrane Housings & PartsDosing SystemShower & BathWater CoolersUV SterilizationWater SoftenersDemineralizer (DI)Commercial Search by IndustryWater Filter Systems SMART SystemsGAC SystemsInline SystemsSpecialty Systems Acid NeutralizingArsenic RemovalDemineralizersFluoride RemovalLead RemovalNitrate RemovalTannin RemovalTurbidity RemovalIron/Manganese/Hydrogen SulfideAlkalizer/Ionizer, Mineralizer, and OxidationDosing SystemWater Softeners Salt Free (Anti Scale) SystemsTraditional SystemsReverse Osmosis Commercial ROMedical-Use ROUV SterilizationWater CoolersUltrafiltrationMedical WaterDemineralizer (DI)Replacements MediaCartridgesPartsWater DisinfectionAir & Surface Disinfection Ultraviolet Air and Surface SterilizerOzone Air and Surface Disinfection
Opportunities
Home
Residential
Commercial
Replacements
(0)
Sign-in
translation missing: en.layout.general.empty_cart
Terms, Policies & Conditions
Home
>
Terms, Policies & Conditions
Please read the following carefully before you utilize our website or make a purchase. By accessing this website you agree to these terms of use.
Read the following Privacy, Terms of Use, Disclaimer and Purchase Policies (“Policy”) before using this website (“Site”). By using this Site, you agree to this Policy. Crystal Quest® reserves the right to modify, alter or update this Policy. This Site is controlled by Crystal Quest® from its location in Kennesaw, Georgia, USA. It may be accessed from any other state as well as other countries. Because each of these places has laws that may differ from those of Georgia’s; by accessing this Site you agree that the laws of Georgia will apply to all matters arising out of the use of this Site. This policy represents the only agreement between Crystal Quest® and the consumer regarding the use of this Site for any purpose.
Our policies are not intended to violate and/or deny your rights. They are intended to educate and familiarize you with the provided instructions. Use and follow all instructions to avoid any and all damages and/or liabilities associated with Crystal Quest® products. Not following the installation instructions and/or safety guidelines provided by Crystal Quest® can and/or will cause damages. Crystal Quest® assumes no liability for property damage.
All designs and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Privacy Policy
We are absolutely committed to your right to privacy and the confidentiality of any information you give us.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, Use Live Chat, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To improve our website in order to better serve you.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense
• Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By emailing us
• By calling us
• By logging in to your account
• By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Purchasing
By purchasing any items through our website, over the phone, fax or by mail, the Buyer warrants that he/she is at least 18 years of age, and is in compliance with his/her local and state laws and is legally able to purchase these items.
Buyer is responsible for following any local and state regulations and plumbing codes pertinent to the purchase, installation, and operation of CRYSTAL QUEST® products. All directions and installation manuals should be read and followed as instructed.
During the purchasing process/order entry screen Buyer is offered the option of signature required for US domestic deliveries. The cost of this service is an additional $3.50 USD. If Buyer does not elect this service and package is left at customer’s door but then ultimately not received or collected by the Buyer the ownership and claim of loss are the Buyers responsibility and expense.
You may place your order online through www.crystalquest.com
You may fax your order to 770-953-1600
You may E-mail your order to help@crystalquest.com
You may place your order over the telephone. Call Monday - Friday 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM (Eastern Standard Time).
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, PayPal, and debit cards with a Visa or MasterCard logo on them.
See our Privacy Policy, above.
Your purchase will appear on your credit card statement as Quest Technologies Inc.
Buyer accepts and agrees to all Crystal Quest® policies stated on the Site whether ordering by phone, E-mail, fax, or internet.
We reserve the right to not sell to a customer(s).
Shipping
Crystal Quest is not responsible for any merchandise lost or stolen through any mail parcel service, including but not limited to USPS, UPS, Fedex, and/or any freight companies.
FedEx, USPS, and UPS Ground Deliveries to Home and Business addresses are sent by default as NO SIGNATURE REQUIRED if Signature Required has not been selected by the Buyer. This means that FedEx and UPS will leave the package at your door, or in a convenient location if no one is present to receive the shipment. During the purchasing process/order entry screen Buyer is offered the option of signature required for US domestic deliveries. The cost of this service is an additional $5.50 USD. IF THE BUYER DOES NOT SELECT Signature Required service and package is left at the customer’s door but then ultimately not received or collected by the Buyer the ownership and claim of loss are the Buyers responsibility and expense.
No Signature Requested (our default shipping method) - If you did not add a note to your order requesting a signature, then we cannot reship your order. In these instances, your package has essentially been stolen or is otherwise missing, and we recommend you follow-up with the carrier and your local authorities. The ownership and claim of loss are the Buyers responsibility and expense, see above.
Signature Requested - If you requested that signature is required for the additional $5.50 USD upon delivery of your package (read shipping methods above for instructions), then we will file a claim and re-ship your order at no cost to you once we have received verification of the shipment status from the carrier.
Domestic
Orders with wrong, inaccurate, or incomplete addresses will incur additional shipping charges. In addition, addresses MUST include apartment, suite, or unit numbers as applicable.
Orders are often shipped within 4 – 5 days after placement, but not later than 7 – 10 business days, with the exception of custom-designed products or commercial systems.
Orders are typically shipped by UPS, and a UPS tracking number will be sent to your E-mail so that you may track the delivery progress of your package. Larger or heavier items are shipped by freight. Crystal Quest® arranges for all deliveries for all orders. You may request a specific shipping carrier of your choosing.
Additional shipping charges for some products may be incurred, and are based on total shipping weight, dimensions, dimensional weight, the value of the item, destination, and/or handling.
Express shipping (overnight, 2-day, etc.) is available upon request. Purchaser agrees to pay additional shipping charges as applicable.
International
Crystal Quest® ships orders internationally.
Purchaser is responsible for any and all additional transportation charges, including but not limited to, broker fees, duties, government taxes, etc. that may be incurred during the delivery and export/import process.
Additional shipping charges apply, and the purchaser is responsible for the additional shipping charges as applicable. These charges are in addition to and separate from transportation broker fees, duties, government taxes, etc. associated with the export/import process.
Additional shipping charges are based on total shipping weight, dimensions, dimensional weight, the value of the item, destination, and/or handling.
Returns of products are not allowed on international orders as all international sales are considered final.
Damaged Goods
Damage to the product(s) is not always easily identifiable, as damage can either be visible or concealed. For visible damage, do the following:
#1 Best Option: For the simplest solution for shipping damages, follow this procedure when receiving a delivery. This procedure is the standard operating procedure of the delivery insurance issued by all shipping carriers:
1. Inspect your merchandise thoroughly for damage immediately upon arrival (delivery) and reject the entire shipment if you find any damage. Ask the driver to wait while you inspect the merchandise.
2. If you find any damage, do NOT accept the delivery. Doing so will expedite the process of Crystal Quest getting another unit out to you immediately. Refusing the shipment will protect you against having to pay the return shipping. All shipping fees are always the responsibility of the purchaser.
3. Immediately file a damage claim with the delivery carrier on the same day as the delivery. Try to take a digital photo of the damage if possible. After filing the damage claim, contact Crystal Quest immediately at shipping@crystalquest.com for assistance and further instructions.
Legitimate damage claims will be promptly processed. A replacement from the manufacturer will be shipped to the purchaser. When the manufacturer receives the "damaged goods", a detailed analysis of the damaged product claim will be performed to determine if the product was damaged during transportation.
#2 Option: If the driver of the carrier has already departed, or has left, contact the delivery company the same day and file a damage claim. Then, contact Crystal Quest that same day at shipping@crystalquest.com for assistance and further instructions. The manufacturer or delivery carrier will initiate a paperwork process and instruct you to send the goods back to the manufacturer, sometimes at your expense, until the damage is inspected. All shipping fees are always the responsibility of the customer. When the manufacturer receives the "damaged goods", a detailed analysis of the damaged product claim will be performed.
If you have a digital camera, take a snapshot of the damage as proof/evidence before it departs and E-mails the photograph to us as soon as possible.
E-mail correspondence and photos to shipping@crystalquest.com
Concealed Damage
Sometimes damage during shipping cannot be detected until product(s) is removed from the packaging and installed. If concealed damage is detected, it is very important to act immediately. The purchaser needs to contact the carrier, file a concealed damage claim, and contact Crystal Quest® at shipping@crystalquest.com. Concealed damage claims must be filed immediately. With some carriers, claims must be made within 48 hours of delivery. Notification to Crystal Quest is required within that time frame as well; otherwise, the shipping replacement policy could be null and void. The product(s) needs to be shipped back to Crystal Quest®, at purchaser’s expense, so Crystal Quest® can inspect the product(s) to determine if damage occurred during shipping, during installation, or after installation. Photos are most helpful and can also be e-mailed to shipping@crystalquest.com.
Published Prices/Price Changes/Product Availability
Prices and product design are subject to change without notice due to material price increases or availability conditions.
Crystal Quest® reserves the right to change incorrect prices that are accidentally published on our website.
If a product is unavailable or out of stock, we reserve the right to issue the customer a refund and not fill the order.
Return/Exchange/Refund Policy
It is important to purchase water filtration products which fit your water filtration needs. Know your water filtration needs and purchase appropriately and accordingly to avoid unnecessary returns. Crystal Quest® products are inspected and properly packaged before being shipped to the customer. If in the unlikely event it is necessary to return a product, the following terms and conditions apply. Returns for exchange or for refund are only accepted when the following is met. Read the following thoroughly before returning a product:
Returns for refunds are accepted ONLY on perfectly new, unused items in the original packaging and without any damaged or missing parts. Refunds will not be issued if broken, used, dirty, or otherwise abused items are sent back from the customer.
Refunds issued to the customer are subject to shipping and handling.
Customer must pay ALL shipping fees for returns.
Returns for exchange are accepted on items which are defective, for upgrades, or when Crystal Quest® is working specifically with the customer to acquire customer’s proper water filtration needs.
Crystal Quest® reserves the right to not honor returns of product(s) if the product(s) was/were not installed by a qualified, licensed plumber.
Returns for exchange will not be honored if it is deemed that product(s) has/have been broken, used, dirty, or otherwise abused.
All returns, either for refund or exchange, must be within 30 days of delivery date of initial purchase; Refunds are less shipping charges. Refunds will not be issued if products are sent back past the 30-day initial purchase period.
Returns for a refund, which are approved by CRYSTAL QUEST, at its sole discretion, are subject to a 30% restocking fee following inspection and approval by CRYSTAL QUEST.
If the original purchase is by credit card, a refund will be made to the same credit card. Credit card processing fees may also be deducted from refund amount.
Returns, either for refund or exchange, are NOT allowed on custom ordered products, special orders, reverse osmosis systems, filter cartridges and/or membranes (for public safety and tampering reasons).
Crystal Quest® will not honor refunds or exchanges on other brands’ products.
All returns, either for refund or exchange, MUST have a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number and include customer’s name, address, telephone number, and specific reason for return. You may acquire this by contacting where you purchased the item. All shipping charges are the customer's expense.
Product(s) must be returned in original packaging and intact. Returned product(s) must be shipped within two weeks of issuance of a Return Merchandise Authorization number to be eligible for a refund. A refund will be issued after the return has been received and inspected and will not include shipping charges.
Proper proof of purchase must be provided and accompany returns.
Refunds will not be issued to third parties. If the purchase was made through a drop shipper or other affiliate, the refund must come through them, not Crystal Quest®.
No returns or refunds allowed on international orders.
For returns in circumstances where Crystal Quest® has been working with the customer in determining proper filtration needs and evaluating various filtration methods, any refunds are solely at the discretion of Crystal Quest®. As deemed appropriate, Crystal Quest® may elect to issue a replacement, a partial replacement, a reasonable and acceptable substitute, a full or partial refund, or a refund and shipping charges will not be refunded and are the responsibility of the customer. If the original purchase is by credit card, a refund will be made to the same credit card. Credit card processing fees may also be deducted from refund amount.
Most Crystal Quest® products are covered by the Manufacturer's Limited Warranty, when the product is properly installed by a qualified, licensed plumber, against defects in materials and workmanship. Crystal Quest® reserves the right to deny your warranty or other claims if it is found that the product was improperly installed, damaged, or abused.
Delivery carriers, including but not limited to, USPS, UPS, FedEx, and freight companies are responsible for getting your merchandise to you in an acceptable and timely manner and condition. Crystal Quest® is not responsible for lost, stolen, damaged or delayed merchandise, and will not honor return/refund requests for such.
Crystal Quest® does not reimburse customers for any shipping charges or any other expenses the consumer may incur whatsoever, such as but not limited to: import/export fees and duties, installation and setup fees, damages caused by product, professional services, or legal fees, and will not honor return/refund requests for such. If the original purchase is by credit card, a refund will be made to the same credit card. Credit card processing fees may also be deducted from refund amount.
Crystal Quest® sells professional products that are intended for professional installation and professional initial setup by a qualified water service professional (licensed) who is experienced in installing the product you have purchased, and Crystal Quest® will not honor return/refund requests, nor accept any liability, for products that are improperly installed.
Commercial category products are considered special order and may not be returned for any reason. All sales are final.
So that we do not increase delivery cost above what we are charged for shipment, the customer is solely responsible for all shipping costs on all deliveries and all returns.
The customer is responsible for inspecting all products upon delivery for shipping damage and concealed damage. Shipping damage and concealed damage must be reported within 3 business days, but preferably the same day as delivery. Inspect goods for shipping damage immediately upon arrival, and refuse the shipment and file a damage claim with the delivery carrier before contacting us. Take a digital photo of the damage if possible.
ALL refunds are given solely at the discretion of Crystal Quest®. All returned products WILL be carefully analyzed to determine if it has been used, abused, or damaged in any way, either damaged during installation, damaged during transportation, or operated under improper conditions. Any refund determined to be due will be issued by at the conclusion of the analysis. Misapplication of the product, damage from overpressure, water pressure spikes, improper water conditions, and installation damage do not qualify for a refund.
Product warranty is disqualified if the product was not professionally installed by a licensed and qualified professional. This is especially true for all residential, commercial, and industrial units such as under sink units, water softeners, backwashing filters, backwashing oxidation systems, water coolers and RO systems, which should ALL be professionally installed by a licensed, qualified water service professional.
Disclaimer of Liability for all Products
IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES, CRYSTAL QUEST'S® MAXIMUM LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT(S) SOLD.
IN ALL CIRCUMSTANCES, CRYSTAL QUEST'S® MAXIMUM LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE DEFECTIVE PRODUCT AND/OR PART(S), AND THIS LIABILITY WILL TERMINATE UPON EXPIRATION OF THE APPLICABLE WARRANTY PERIOD.
CRYSTAL QUEST® SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE UPON A CLAIM OR ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHER CLAIMS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS IT SELLS WHICH EXCEEDS THESE LIABILITY LIMITS. CRYSTAL QUEST® SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THIRD PARTY CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES AGAINST THE CUSTOMER, OR FOR MALFUNCTION, DELAYS, INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT CRYSTAL QUEST® IS APPRISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIMS OR DAMAGES.
All commercial and residential in-line systems are recommended to be installed after a flow regulator/restrictor in order to control and reduce incoming water pressure. This avoids bursting and any resulting property damages. Also, make certain that there is a strainer system placed after the Crystal Quest® Media System to avoid bleeding and/or pipe clogging.
All designs and specifications are subject to change without notice.
For all products: CRYSTAL QUEST® is not responsible or financially liable for any water damage, property damage, or personal injury, direct or indirect, that may occur from normal and correct use of the products we sell, catastrophic failure of the products we sell, failure to properly connect the units to the water supply lines, and/or failure to understand and observe the proper water pressure ratings and requirements for these units. Use and install all of our products solely at your own risk. Do not expose any of these units to freezing temperatures (< 33 degrees Fahrenheit) or direct sunlight (UV rays).
CRYSTAL QUEST® has no liability for any plumbing fees or bills nor any or all plumbing work and connecting of these units to the water supply is done at your own risk. Most CRYSTAL QUEST® products are intended for professional installation and/or professional initial setup. This is especially important when installing under sink units, all reverse osmosis units, under sink filters, water coolers, water softeners, all backwashing units, and whole house water filter systems - which are always connected to a high-pressure water line. Always check all connections for leaks periodically. CRYSTAL QUEST® is not responsible for any leaks or water damage whatsoever.
All systems must be inspected by a professional installer prior to installation to eliminate any possible assembly error, and checked for component damage, parts, and fittings, to avoid system malfunction and possible property damages.
All inline and under sink systems, which require you to tap into the cold water line, are only to be used on single dwelling homes or estates. Not to be used on multi-dwelling properties (such as apartments, condos, etc.) without permission from community management. Must be used with all safety devices such as a flood stopper.
We are not responsible for any damages, direct or indirect, that may arise from the use or catastrophic failure of these products. Use all products at your own risk.
For all CRYSTAL QUEST® products, determination of product suitability, application use of the product, and the fitness of a product for a particular purpose is the sole responsibility of the buyer. Buy and use at your own risk.
Electrical Products: For all electrical products use only as directed and follow all manufacturer’s directions and warnings. For your safety, always plug only into a properly installed GFCI outlet. If you do not have one, you need to obtain one. We are not responsible for any property damage or personal injury, incidental or consequential, that may arise from the use and/or failure of any of our products.
UV Disinfection Systems: Although these units are proven to be highly effective when functioning correctly and operated according to the manufacturer's directions and operating parameters (including 95% UV transmittance of the water), these systems are not to be used for drinking "infectious water". Use all UV systems at your own risk.
Water Filtration/Conditioning Products: All water filters, water coolers, water filter cartridges, RO membranes, specialty cartridges, and water conditioning products used for human (or animal) contact or consumption are intended to be used to improve the quality of safe and potable, non-infectious, non-polluted drinking water. Use at your own risk.
The information and/or water report used to make product recommendations is believed to be accurate to the best knowledge of Crystal Quest® Manufacturing. The information provided relates only to the specific product recommended. Crystal Quest® Manufacturing assumes no legal responsibility for use of or reliance upon the information provided. Crystal Quest® products are free of leachback of such toxicities as asbestos, lead, arsenic, silver, aluminum, and other substances. Crystal Quest® products are in full compliance with California Proposition 65. It is the sole responsibility of the customer to research given information in order to make an educated decision to purchase and use water filtration products, based upon all available research information.
Information Disclaimer: All information, product claims, and statements are made in good faith and believed to be true, and are offered for your evaluation and verification only. For all CRYSTAL QUEST® products, determination of suitability, application use, and fitness for a particular purpose is the sole responsibility of the buyer. Due to the almost infinite number of parameters and variables that are involved with your particular application, water quality, and operating conditions, we can only suggest what we believe would work well for your application based on our interpretation of what you convey to CRYSTAL QUEST®. You may or may not get the exact results that you wanted or expected. CRYSTAL QUEST® assumes no liability or responsibility for your water filtration results. This is solely your responsibility.
To learn more click here.
Terms and Conditions
CRYSTAL QUEST® uses reasonable efforts to ensure accurate and up to date information on the website.
CRYSTAL QUEST® makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. CRYSTAL QUEST® assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website.
Your use of and browsing of the website are at your own risk. Neither CRYSTAL QUEST® nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the website. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. CRYSTAL QUEST® also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the website or downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the website.
Images of people or places displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by CRYSTAL QUEST®. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
Everything on the website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used without permission from Crystal Quest® except as provided in these Terms and Conditions.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of CRYSTAL QUEST® and others. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting by implication, estoppels, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the website without the written permission of CRYSTAL QUEST® or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the website. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the website, or any other content on the website, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited.
It is CRYSTAL QUEST® policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore CRYSTAL QUEST® requests that you not send any original creative materials such as original artwork, written works, etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to the website by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Crystal Quest® or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Crystal Quest® is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the website for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold CRYSTAL QUEST® and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers and licensors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from any and all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. CRYSTAL QUEST® reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with CRYSTAL QUEST®’s defense of such claims.
The website is controlled and operated by CRYSTAL QUEST® from the State of Georgia, United States of America. CRYSTAL QUEST® makes no representation that materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations and other countries. Those who choose to access the website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. Any action you, any third party or CRYSTAL QUEST® bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this website, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in Georgia, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing and signed by Crystal Quest®.
CRYSTAL QUEST® may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
One-Year Limited Warranty
CRYSTAL QUEST® warrants your CRYSTAL QUEST® Water Filter Systems for one year from the date of purchase (except filter cartridges and UV bulbs ) against all defects in materials and workmanship, when used in compliance with the Use and Care Manual. CRYSTAL QUEST® disclaims all implied warranties, including without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. If for any reason the product proves to be defective within one year from the date of purchase the customer would be responsible for all shipping charges and the unit should be shipped to CRYSTAL QUEST®. The entire system will be repaired or replaced without charge for the repairs or replacement. Please package your CRYSTAL QUEST® unit carefully to avoid damage in transit. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may have other legal rights which vary from state to state. CRYSTAL QUEST® assumes no responsibility for incidental or consequential damages; for damages arising out of the misuse of the product or the use of any unauthorized attachment. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusion may not apply to you. Should service be required during or after the warranty period, or should you have any question regarding how to use you CRYSTAL QUEST® Water Filter System please contact: Technical Support Department at service@crystalquest.com. Monday through Friday, 9:00 A.M. to 5 P.M. Eastern Standard Time.
Join the Quest!
Subscribe
Back to Top
Customer Service
M-F 9am - 5pm EST (800) 934-0051 or (770) 951-5600