http://www.revolveclothing.com/privacypolicy
Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
12 DAYS OF REVOLVE: Join us today through 12/19 for new promos, giveaways, prizes + more!
VIEW DETAILS
DAY 4: Nike Gift With Purchase!
The first 50 lucky babes to make a Nike purchase of $50 or more win a free Nike sports bra!
SHOP NIKE
VIEW DETAILS
Share Your Favorites to be entered to win a $2000 REVOLVE shopping credit!
SHARE NOW
VIEW TERMS
WANT IT ASAP? Get your holiday gifts now to avoid shipping delays! SHOP NOW
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Close Modal
Home
Security & Privacy
Privacy Policy
CUSTOMER CARE
Contact Us
Payment
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Size Guide
Gift REVOLVE
Why REVOLVE
Provide Feedback
The Style Experts
Live Support
Let's Chat
Chat with a live Customer Service Representative. Link opens in a new window operated by external parties and may not conform to the same accessibility policies as Revolve. Call 1-888-442-5830
or email us at sales@revolve.com for any further assistance.
Unavailable
(ENGLISH ONLY)
By phone
USA: 1-888-442-5830
INTL: +1-562-926-5672
By email
sales@revolve.com
View International Email List
CUSTOMER CARE EMAIL
Email us anytime and we will get back to you within 24 hours
English
sales@revolve.com
Spanish
servicioalcliente@REVOLVEclothing.com
French
serviceclient@REVOLVEclothing.com
Korean
KRservice@revolveclothing.com
Chinese
sales.zh@revolve.com
Portuguese
sales@revolve.com
Russian
sales.ru@revolve.com
Japanese
jpservice@revolveclothing.com
Last Updated: 7/30/2020
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how Revolve Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including, Eminent, Inc. (dba Revolve Clothing and also dba superdown), Forward by Elyse Walker, LLC, and Alliance Apparel Group, Inc. (collectively, "we," "us" or "our") collect, use and share information about you when you use our websites, networks, applications, mobile applications, online services, and other services provided by us ("Services") or otherwise interact with us.
If you are a California resident, please see the "Note to California Residents" section below.
What information do we collect about customers?
Information That You Provide
Registration and Profile Information. When you create an account, place an order, or request stylist appointments, we ask you for your name, email address, phone number, payment information, billing and shipping address, demographic information, and other information you choose to provide.
Payment Information. When you make a purchase, we will collect that payment card information. Depending on your chosen payment option, we may use a third-party service provider that handles payments for us and will receive your payment card information.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Service team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send us, and other information you may choose to provide. We may also record your calls with our Customer Service team to handle your inquiry and for training, research and product development purposes.
Information we collect when you use our service
Location Information. When you use our Services, we receive your general location information (for example, your internet protocol ("IP") address may indicate your more general geographic region).
Device Information. We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.
Usage Information. To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, purchases you make, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information We Infer. We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on information we collect about you.
For example, based on your browsing or purchasing activities, we may infer your purchasing preferences.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies. We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services. Please review your web browser's "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. For more details on our use of Cookies, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy.
User Feedback. We receive information about ratings and reviews that you post when you use our Services.
Information we receive from third parties
Information from third party services. If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we may receive information about you, including your profile information, and your use of the third-party account. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
Other third parties. We may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data, from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use your contact information (meaning email address, phone number, and billing and/or shipping address) for the following purposes:
We use your billing and shipping address to process and deliver purchases, returns, and backorders, and to help prevent fraud.
We use your email address and phone number to send you security alerts, shipping notifications, and other administrative messages, to provide customer support, and for marketing purposes, such as to send you information about products, promotions, surveys, news, and events that we think may interest you.
We also use your email address to help you create, manage, and maintain an account on our Services.
We use other information we collect:
To customize our Services and product offerings to present you with tailored content, such as (i) remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our website(s); (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our Services and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on our website(s);
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities, and improve our Services and product offerings;
To provide, maintain, and improve our products and Services, including customer service;
To record purchases that you have made through our Services;
To allow you to post comments and communicate with us through our Services, including on our social media pages;
To facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications, such as social networks;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To protect against fraud and unauthorized transactions, including by identifying potential unauthorized users and/or hackers; and
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms Of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
How do we share customer information?
Affiliates and subsidiaries. We may disclose your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
Third Party App Integrations. If you connect a third-party application to our Services, we may share information with that third party.
Analytics Partners. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google's practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Advertising Partners. We work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on our Services and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different websites and online services. For more information about interest-based ads, and to learn about options for opting out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices or, if you are in the EU,
www.youronlinechoices.eu/. You can also access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
Aggregated or De-identified Form. We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise de-identified information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users' interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena or other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) respond to your requests; or (iii) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent. We may also disclose your information with your permission or at your direction.
What choices do I have?
You can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain features on our Services. You may also manage and update your information, or close your account by emailing us at privacy@revolve.com.
Marketing Communications. If you would prefer not to receive marketing emails sent by one of our brands, simply click on the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of any of those emails. If you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you other types of messages, such as purchase receipts, information about shipments, or emails about your account.
Do Not Track. There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
International
The information we collect about you may be transferred to, and accessed from within, the United States and other countries, as permitted by applicable law. These other countries may not offer the same level of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to maintain an adequate level of protection for this information in the jurisdictions in which we process it. If you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or Switzerland, please see the "Note to Individuals in the EEA or Switzerland" section below.
Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at privacy@revolve.com.
Data security
We use certain safeguards that are intended to secure Personal Information that we process in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Contact information
Eminent, Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise your rights please submit your request at https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy. If you have any concern about our privacy practices, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices please contact us by email at privacy@revolve.com, or by writing to us at:
Revolve Group, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
12889 Moore Street
Cerritos, CA 90703
Phone: 1-888-442-5830 International: +1-562-926-5672
If you are in the EU, you may also contact our representative at:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services SRL
Avenue Louise 235
1050 Bruxelles
Belgium
EUrepresentative.revolve@twobirds.com
Notice of changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Note to California residents
This section provides details about rights afforded to California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (or "CCPA"), and supplemental details about the personal information we collect about California residents.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories
of personal information: identifiers (such as name, contact information and device identifiers); commercial information (such as items purchased); internet or other network activity information (such as browsing behavior and other usage data); location data; inferences (such as purchasing preferences); demographic data (such as gender); electronic, visual or similar information (such as customer support call information); and other personal information (such as product feedback or payment method information). For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the What Information Do We Collect About Customers section above. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How Do We Use the Information We Collect section above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described in the How Do We Share Information section above.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California residents the right to request to access to details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected in the last 12 months (including about information we disclosed for a business purpose), to request to delete their personal information, to opt out of any sales that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
We do use third-party cookies and related technologies to send targeted ads and this may be deemed a "sale" under the CCPA.
To opt out of these "sales," use the following link: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
California residents may make request access or deletion requests by submitting their requests at https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly.
Note to individuals in the eea, uk and switzerland
If you are in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding our processing of your personal data. Please see the sections below for more details,
Legal basis for processing
We will only process personal data about in accordance with the following legal basis:
Necessity. As necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you. For example, by processing your order and delivering the products you purchase;
Legitimate Interest. When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, to communicate with you about changes to our Services or legal documents, to prevent fraud, or to provide, protect and improve our products and services. We only rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests;
Consent. If we request your consent to a specific processing activity (such as to send marketing emails), and you provide your consent in the manner indicated; and
Legal Obligation. In some cases, processing will be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, such as response to legal process requests.
Data subject requests
You have a right to request access to and receive information about the Personal Information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Information, have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place. If you wish to access or amend any Personal Information we hold about you, you may submit your request at https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy. In addition, you may have the right to withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your personal information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
You have the right to withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may submit your request at  https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy.
Data transfers
When we transfer personal information outside of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will comply with applicable data protection laws. We may transfer your personal information to countries which provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection law, we may use contractual protections for the transfer of personal information. You may contact us as specified in the "Contact Us" section to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer personal information outside of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland.
Data retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Questions or complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your local data protection authority, please see: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
crawler discovery