http://www.merr.com/policies/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main nav
Skip to main content
Residential
Business
About TDS
Company Information
Newsroom
Careers
Community Involvement
Blogs
Investor Relations
Login
View Cart
Check My Email
1-866-571-6662
Contact Us
Join Our Team!
ShopMy AccountHelp & Support
Search the site:
Search
Best Deals
All Packages
Internet Packages
TV Packages
Home Phone Packages
Internet Services
High-Speed Internet Plans
Safety and Security Services
TV Services
TV Packages
Channel Lineups
Premium Channels
Looking for TDS TV+?
Home Phone Services
Phone Packages
Calling Features and Services
International Calling
Menu
Search the site:
Search
Best Deals
Internet Services
High-Speed Internet Plans
Wi-Fi & Premium Services
TV Services
TDS TV+ (New!)
TDS TV
Phone Services
Calling Features and Services
International Calling
My Account
Login
Check My Email
Help & Support
About TDS
Company Information
Newsroom
Careers
Blog
Investor Relations
×
Before You Log In...
Please know that logging in will empty your cart. However, once you've successfully logged in you can shop our site to see products, pricing and offers available specifically for you.
Cancel
Go to Login
×
For accurate pricing and availability, we'll need to
know a little more about you.
Already a TDS Customer?
By logging in, you'll be able to shop from among
special offers and upgrades customized just for you.
Login
Interested in becoming a TDS Customer?
By providing your address, you'll be able to view
special offers and promotions available in your area.
Provide Your Address
Merrimac Communications is Now TDS®
We’re delighted to bring our exceptional Internet, TV and phone services to Merrimac, Prairie du Sac, Sauk City, and surrounding areas.
Best Deals
Your best overall value! Shop our most popular deals, or customize your own. You may also be eligible for special offers or additional discounts when you bundle your services.
LEARN MORE
Internet
Make TDS® your provider for reliable high-speed Internet and premium WiFi – including fiber packages with speeds up to 1Gbps in select areas. It's all backed by our 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee.
LEARN MORE
TV
Experience the best in home entertainment with our all-digital TV packages, which include connected-home DVR options, lots of HD channels, TV Everywhere and more.
LEARN MORE
Phone
Enjoy reliable, crystal-clear calling and advanced features with any TDS home phone package. Multiple plan options make it easy to find the package that best fits your needs.
LEARN MORE
TDS Connect Blog
Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton
December 8, 2020
It’s undeniable that this duo has some sort of chemistry that’s just hard to explain. Their voices blend as thought they grew up singing with one another and understood all the subtle nuance behind harmonizing so perfectly. With all that said, it’s easy to understand why this has sold over five million copies worldwide.
The post Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton first appeared on TDS Home.
Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Barenaked For the Holidays
December 1, 2020
Holiday albums can be very hit or miss, but Barenaked Ladies' effort is on-brand quirky and filled with fun. Their interpretation of classics will bring a smile your face which is not a bad place to start this holiday season.
The post Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Barenaked For the Holidays first appeared on TDS Home.
Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Lee Brice
November 24, 2020
With a bunch of CMT Award nominations and a couple wins, and even a Grammy nomination, go ahead and give Lee Brice a shot today. He’ll drive your truck, roll every window down, and by gosh, have you tappin’ your toes to the tunes. Happy Tuesday and be safe this week in your holiday plans!
The post Cheap Tunes Tuesday: Lee Brice first appeared on TDS Home.
Why report fraud?
November 23, 2020
Scammers don't just scam one person. By sharing your story, you can help make a difference!
The post Why report fraud? first appeared on TDS Home.
When visiting the TDS® website, cookies may be placed on your device to customize your experience. Cookies may collect personal information and may share that information with third parties. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storage of cookies on your device and related sharing. Please read our Cookie Notice to learn more.
Modify Cookie Settings
Accept All Cookies
Modify Cookie Settings
Select the cookies you’d like to allow or block. After selecting your cookie settings, click the “Save Cookie Settings” button.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will no longer work. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Always Enabled
Optional Cookies
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
These cookies may be set by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store direct personal information. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Enable
Disable
Performance/Functional Cookies
This combination of cookies allows for enhanced functionality and personalization, such as video and live chat. These cookies also allow TDS to count visits and where they originate so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are popular and how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of the website functions may not work properly.
Disabling these cookies will also disable Targeting/Advertising Cookies.
Enable
Disable All
Save Cookie Settings
Accept All
Cookies
1-866-571-6662
Contact Us
Sign up to receive emails with the latest specials, offers, news, and more.
Subscribe
Home
Terms of Service
Policies
Privacy
Acceptable Use
About
Company Profile
Newsroom
Careers
Service Locations
Sitemap
Business Services
Phone Book
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
TDS Telecom®, TDS Metrocom®, TDS TV®, and TDS® are registered trademarks of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. Fiberville® and USLink® are registered trademarks of TDS Telecommunications LLC. Other product and company names mentioned on the Site may be trademarks of those respective owners. All materials are provided for noncommercial personal use only.
TDS Telecommunications LLC is a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., recognized as a Fortune 1000® 2020 Company.
Copyright © 2020, TDS Telecommunications LLC, All Rights Reserved.