http://www.customcreationsunlimited.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Privacy Notice : Personalized Photo Blankets | Custom Photo Gifts
Home
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Need help? Try our FAQ's or call 630-665-1969
0 items - $0.00
Search
Advanced Search
Categories
Household
Office
Photo Blankets
Photo Beach Towels
Photo Pillows
Photo Mugs & Steins
Tapestry Wall Hanging
Invitations
Better Together Discounts
Testimonials
Perfect Christmas GiftI ordered a photo collage blanket for my niece for Christmas. It was the perfect gift (I think her parents loved it more). Thanks to the staff for...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Information
About Us/FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Important Links
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Can I create a collage?
How do I submit a photo?
Newsletter Sign-Up
You are here: Home »
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This is the web site of Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. Our postal address is 20 Danada Square West, Suite 181 Wheaton, Illinois 60189 We can be reached via e-mail at info@customcreationsunlimited.com or you can reach us by telephone at 630-665-1969 . For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. If you wish to be removed from our database, please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address. With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pad lock in the lower corner of their browser. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
Home | Personalized Gift Ideas | Product
Review Contest | Site Map | Search
| Privacy
Statement
Custom Creations Unlimited offers Secure SSL Shopping and accepts All Major Credit Cards.
Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc.
20 Danada Square West, #181, Wheaton, Illinois 60189
Copyright © 1997-2020 Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Designed and maintained by Wheaton Website Services
Site secured using industry standard SSL.Payment secured by Authorize.net