http://www.kermanig.com/pages/terms-of-services
Skip to content
Search
Focaccias
Cookies & Pastries
Baklava
Breads
Cakes & Cupcakes
Roadshow Email Signups
Account
Terms of Services
Refund Policy:
Kermanig works hard to always stay on top and make sure our customer is always satisfied with our products. If your product has arrived damaged or has been lost, We require immediate notification of 1 to 2 business days from delivery point and will request images as in proof of damaged products. If your inquiry is notified to us more than 3 business days later we hold no responsibility to your damaged products and will not be eligible for Refund/Exchange.Please contact us for more information Thank You!
Privacy Policy:
By using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.1. The Information We Collect(a) Purchasing ProductsYou can browse the Site without telling us who you are. However, if you choose to purchase products, you may be required to provide us certain personal information. For example, when you purchase products, you may provide us your name, address, email address, telephone number (including mobile number), and fax number. When you purchase products from us, you may also provide your payment information and billing address to us and/or our service providers that facilitate payment processing.(b) Information to Respond to Your RequestsYou may give us personal information such as your name, email and any personal information you include in comments or in an attachment that you submit to us, if applicable, so we can respond to your requests, for example, when you send us questions or sign up for newsletters, event notifications and other communications.(c) Technical Usage InformationWhen you visit our Site, we collect usage information sent to us by your computer, mobile, or other access device that tells us how you are using the Sites ("usage information"). We may use tracking technologies to collect usage information, including cookies, web beacons, clear gifs, embedded scripts, e-tags, and unique device IDs. For more information on these technologies, see the definitions in Section 12 (Definitions) below. We may also collect computer and connection information using software tools to measure and collect session information, including your IP address, browser name and operating system, information about your internet service provider, page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page interaction information. Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using the Site.(d) Social Media InformationWe may offer sign-in services that allow you to use third-party login credentials to access the Site. We also may offer services that allow you to share information with third-party social media websites such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. When you link your account or engage with our Site through third-party social media sites, you understand that you may be allowing us to have ongoing access to certain information stored on those social media sites. The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. By associating an account managed by a third-party and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.2. How We Use the Information(a) Operate Our SiteWe use the information collected to (i) process your orders; (ii) administer our promotions and other offers; (iii) develop, maintain, improve, support and customize the Site, services, and messages to you; (iv) target marketing efforts and conduct research and analysis; (v) respond to your customer service requests; and (vi) protect the security of your information.(b) Analyze and Aggregate InformationWe use aggregate information about our users to analyze the Site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports.(c) Prevent FraudWe use information from the Site to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use.(d) Communicate With YouWe use your information to (i) contact you regarding your orders; (ii) contact you about, products, services, events, promotions, or other offers; (iii) respond to your inquiries and comments; (iv) comply with your stated communication preferences; and (v) to provide other services requested by you, as described at the time when we collect the information from you, or to contact you for other purposes authorized by law.(e) Other UsesWe may use the information for marketing, recruiting and hiring, investment analysis, and to make decisions about our business.We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. Additionally, we may retain some information so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law.3. Information Sharing and DisclosureWe do not disclose, sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes.Information collected on the Site may be shared with:We may share the information we collect about you with internal Kermanig Bakery associates and their and our affiliates and subsidiaries. The information may be disclosed (i) to provide joint content and our services (e.g., registration, transactions, analytics and customer support); (ii) to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches; (iii) to guide decisions about our or third party’s business, assets, operations, rights, products, sites, applications, services, tools, and communications; and (iv) for processing and storage of information. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications and you will have the opportunity to opt-out in email communications.(a) Service Providers and Other Third PartiesWe may disclose your information to service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as, but not limited to, developing, maintaining, improving and supporting our services, the Site, fraud investigations, bill collection, promotions and marketing, and operations). Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.(b) Other Persons with Your ConsentWe may disclose your information to other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to share your information.(d) Legal and Law EnforcementWe may disclose your information to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other Kermanig Bakery user to legal liability. In such events, we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry.(e) Companies in the Mobile IndustryIf you access the Site through a mobile device or app, we may also share your information with carriers, operating systems and platforms.(f) Social NetworksWe may disclose information to companies that connect individuals around common interests and facilitate sharing (i.e., Facebook).4.Tracking Technologies (Cookies)When you visit the Site, we and our business partners may use tracking technologies to enhance your online experience or customize our offerings.A few additional important things you should know about our use of tracking technologies (cookies):We offer certain features that are available only through the use of tracking technologies.We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e.g., cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking technologies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Site. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling tracking technologies such as cookies.
You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third party service providers, that we have allowed on our site that assist us with various aspects of our web site operations and services, such as Google Analytics , Google Tag Manager, DoubleClick, Zendesk and others. Accordingly, other parties may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different Websites when you use the Site.You also may encounter tracking technologies from third parties on certain pages of the websites that we do not control and have not authorized, such as when you complete the check-out process or when you apply for a job.
5.Your Privacy Choices and Accessing, Reviewing, and Changing Your Personal InformationIf you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can indicate your communications preference within the direct communication from us, i.e., by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the email and following the instructions to complete the unsubscribe process. You may also contact us via email at info@kermanig.com and we will assist you. You may not opt-out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes).6.Notice to California ResidentsHow We Respond to Do Not Track SignalsCalifornia Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b)(5) provides that California residents are entitled to know how Kermanig Bakery responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings. Kermanig Bakery does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals.7.Third PartiesOur Site may contain links to other third party websites, including social media platforms and the sites of our partners. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third party sites.8.SecurityWe have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help protect the security of your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that the personal information we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to make sure that your personal information is accurate. 9.Notification Regarding UpdatesFrom time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device