http://www.denniskirk.com/help/privacy
www.denniskirk.com
800-969-7501
We'll ship today if ordered in:
1
7
HR
:
2
6
MIN
:
2
9
SEC
Details
Shipping Cutoff Times
Shipping Type
Order By
Standard Ground
8:00pm CST
UPS Three Day Select
8:00pm CST
UPS Second Day Air
8:00pm CST
UPS Next Day Air Saver
4:00pm CST
UPS Next Day Air
4:00pm CST
USPS Parcel Select
6:00pm CST
USPS Priority Mail
6:00pm CST
FedEx Economy
3:00pm CST
FedEx Standard
3:00pm CST
FedEx Priority
3:00pm CST
Canada Postal Service
11:30am CST
Orders placed during the weekends or the following holidays will ship the next business day.
New Years Eve
New Years Day
Christmas Eve
Christmas Day
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Click here
for more details.
Customer Service: 800-969-7501
Help
Quick Links
Order Status
Wishlist/Registry
Gift Cards
Register / Login
Dennis Kirk Inc.
Search Within
Ride Search
Popular Searches
Popular Categories
Top 3 Product Matches
(0)
Your Cart
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Subtotal
$0.00
View Cart
Checkout
Menu
My Garage
Login
Call
Harley
Motorcycle
UTV
ATV
Dirt Bike
Snow
My Garage
Saved Rides
Manage Rides
You have no saved rides
Add a new ride
Harley Categories
Parts
Accessories
Tires
Exhaust
Helmets
Apparel
Brands
Outlet Store
Blog
My Garage
My Account
Account Info
Order Status
Login
Customer Service
Help Center
FAQs
Returns
Wishlist/Registry
Gift Cards
How to/Buying Guides
Find
Parts
Fast
select your ride
Harley Parts
back
Audio
Batteries
Body & Frame
Brakes
Drivetrain
Electrical & Lighting
Engine & Intake
Exhaust
Fairings
Forward Control & Pegs
Handlebars & Controls
Luggage
Mirrors
Performance Stages
Seats
Suspension
Tires
Wheels
Windshields
Shop By
All Harley Parts
Popular Models
Dyna
Softail
Sportster
Street
Touring
V-Rod
Find
Parts
Fast
select your ride
Harley Accessories
back
Accessory Mounts
Battery Chargers
Cameras
Chemicals & Lube
Cleaning & Detailing
Communication
Covers
Dress Up Kits
Navigation & GPS
Luggage
Security
Shop & Towing
Tools
Shop By
New Items
Closeout
Sale Items
All Harley Accessories
Popular Models
Dyna
Softail
Sportster
Street
Touring
V-Rod
Tire
Finder
select tire sizes
Tire Width
Aspect Ratio
Rim Diameter
Tire Sizes Explained
Tire Width
Aspect Ratio
Rim Diameter
- OR -
Shop By Ride
Harley Tires
back
Shop Tires by Category
Blackwall
Whitewall
Front Tires
Rear Tires
Bias Ply
Radial
Tire Parts & Accessories
Shop Tire Parts & Accessories
Axles
Axle Accessories
Rim Strips
Spokes & Nipples
Tools
Tubes
Valve Stems & Caps
Wheels
Wheel Bearings
Shop By
New Items
Closeout
Sale Items
All Harley Tires
Featured Brands
Avon
Bridgestone
Continental
Dunlop
Kenda
Metzeler
Michelin
Pirelli
Shinko
Exhaust
finder
select your ride
Select Year
Select Make
Select Model
Harley Exhaust
back
Shop Exhaust Categories
Exhaust Systems
Mufflers
Head & Mid Pipes
End Caps
Harley Exhaust Parts & Accessories
Shop Exhaust Parts & Accessories
Baffles
Exhaust Hardware
Exhaust Gaskets
Exhaust Wrap
Fuel Management
Heat Shields
Inserts
Mounts
Oxygen Sensors
Polishes
Repack Kits
Shop By
New Items
Closeout
Sale Items
All Harley Exhaust
Featured Brands
Bassani
Cobra
Freedom Performance
Rinehart
Thunderheader
Vance & Hines
Helmets
back
Shop Helmets Categories
Half Helmets
Open Face Helmets
Full Face Helmets
Modular Helmets
Helmet Parts & Accessories
Shop Helmet Parts & Accessories
Cheek Pads
Inserts
Liners
Pivot Covers
Pivot Kits
Shields
Sun Shield
Vents
Visors
Shop By
New Items
Closeout
Sale Items
All Harley Helmets
Featured Brands
AFX
Bell Helmets
Biltwell
Daytona Helmets
GMax
Hot Leathers
HJC
Rodia
Apparel
back
Shop Riding Gear
Backpacks & Gear Bags
Boots
Chaps
Gloves
Goggles
Heated Gear
Helmets
Hydration Systems
Jackets
Pants
Protective Gear
Rain Gear
Vests
Casual Apparel
Shop Casual Apparel
Women's Clothing
Men's Clothing
Kid's Clothing
Apparel Accessories
Button Downs
Hats
Hoodies
Long Sleeve Shirts
Pants
Shorts
Shoes
Sunglasses
Sweatshirts
T-Shirts
Shop By
New Items
Closeout
Sale Items
All Harley Apparel
Featured Brands
Black Brand
Easy Riders
First Manufacturing Co.
Frogg Toggs
Highway 21
Hot Leathers
Icon 1000
Interstate Leather
Jack Daniels
Lethal Threat
Milwaukee Motorcycle Clothing
Speed and Strength
Featured Harley Brands
View All
back
View All Brands
Cobra
Cyron
Drag Specialties
Genuine James
Kuryakyn
Memphis Shades
Nelson-Rigg
S&S Cycle
Show Chrome Accessories
V-Factor
V-Twin Manufacturing
Vance & Hines
Get more Dennis Kirk
back
Blog
How To/Buying Guides
Garage Build
Sled
Build
Help Center
Shop by Discount
back
Save Up To 49%
Shop Now
Save 50-74%
Shop Now
Save 75% And Up
Shop Now
Shop All Savings
Shop Now
Help Topics
Help Center Home
Help Center Home
Shipping, Returns, & FAQS
Shipping & Return Policy
FAQS
International FAQS
Fitment Disclaimer
Discount Exclusions
Promotions & Low Price Guarantee
Current Promotions
Low Price Guarantee
Ratings & Reviews
Company Information
Contact Us
About Us
Retail Store
Careers
Privacy
Learn More
Dennis Kirk, Inc. Privacy Policy
Print
Last updated: Jan 21st, 2020
If you are a consumer with a disability, please get in touch us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this
Privacy Policy for information about how you may access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format.
Introduction – Welcome
We are Dennis Kirk Inc. (“Dennis Kirk,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), a U.S. company, located at 955 South Frandsen Avenue,
Rush City, MN 55069, and we take your privacy seriously. Therefore, as set forth in this policy (the “Privacy Policy”), we have implemented practices and procedures that are designed to protect your
privacy.
This Privacy Policy governs the Dennis Kirk website, currently located at denniskirk.com, the subdomains of that website, Dennis Kirk’s blog located at denniskirk.com/blog, as well as
Dennis Kirk’s special event and contest sites such as garagebuild.com, sledbuild.com, thepatriotride.org, and affiliated sites where this
Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the“Website”). This Privacy Policy also guides our use of the information
you provide to us over the phone, such as when you call our customer service call center, or in person.
We are excited to engage with you through your use of the Website and through our various online services and
applications that are provided through the Website (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy is meant to
help you understand our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in
connection with these Services as well as inform you of your rights and choices about the use of your information.
We will not use, disclose, or share your information except as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy will apply to visitors to the Website and users of any Services.
Please remember that you are agreeing to the practices and procedures described in this Privacy Policy when you
use the Website and/or Services. If you provide Personal Information, you also agree that information may be
transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Dennis Kirk and its authorized third parties.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website or any of the Services.
Table of Contents - Quick Links
Types of Information We Collect
How We Collect Your Information
How We Use Your Information
How We May Share Your Information
Communication Services and Community Features
Third-Party Advertising
All Users: Your Choices and Controls
California Residents: California Privacy Rights
Security Practices
Links to Other Services
Notice to International Users
Additional Information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Children’s Data
Exclusions
Contact Us
Types of Information We Collect
When you interact with us through the Website and/or Services, we collect the information you provide, usage
information, and information about your device. We also collect information about you from other sources like our
service providers, which we may combine with other information we have about you. Here are the types of information
we collect about you:
(A) Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, or can be
reasonably linked to, directly or indirectly, a particular individual or household. We may collect Personal
Information (as we have done for the past twelve months) from you on or through the Services in a variety of ways,
including when you register on the Website, purchase a Service, participate in online contests or surveys, sign-up
for a newsletter or subscription, or purchase merchandise.
We also may, from time to time, receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources to improve the
Services, to process and deliver your order; to administer, protect, and improve our business, the Website, and/or
the Services; and for the various purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We have grouped together the following categories of Personal Information to explain how we use this type of
information. These terms are used throughout this Privacy Policy:
Personal Identifiers, including your first and last name, signature, birthdate, age,
gender, username, and password.
Contact Information, including your email address, phone number, and home
address.
Biographical Information, including your level of education, employment,
employment history, professional background, city of birth, favorite sports team, father’s middle name, your
favorite movie, your pet’s name, and your favorite sports machine that we sell.
Financial Information, including your credit card number, purchasing
history, and products you’ve viewed.
(B) Device Identifiable Information
We may collect information that may not reasonably identify you or a household personally but is linked to your
computer or device (“Device Identifiable Information”). We collect Device
Identifiable Information from you in the normal course of providing the Services.
When you visit our Website to browse, read, or download content, we automatically collect Device Identifiable
Information about your computer that your browser sends, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access
times, pages visited, and referring website addresses. We may use Device Identifiable Information to analyze trends,
help administer the Services, track the online movement of users, to learn about and determine how much time
visitors spend on each page of the Website, how visitors navigate throughout the Website or use other Services, and
to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may also collect Device Identifiable Information
through “cookies”or “web beacons” as explained below.
In addition, we may collect Device Identifiable Information about your mobile device such as the type and model,
operating system (e.g., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari), and applications using our Website.
We may also collect your geolocation information, such as your zip code or the approximate geographic area
provided by your Internet service provider (“ISP”) or location positioning
information provided by the location services and GPS features of your mobile device when location services have
been enabled.
When aggregated or deidentified information (including Device Identifiable Information), is directly associated
with Personal Information, such that the aggregated or deidentified information can be reasonably associated with a
particular individual User or household, then this aggregated or deidentified information is treated as Personal
Information. We reserve the right to use and disclose aggregated or deidentified information for any commercially
reasonable purpose.
How We Collect Your Information
(A) Cookies and Web Beacons – The Cookie Policy
To help us serve you better, we may collect Device Identifiable Information from you through technologies such as
“cookies” and “web beacons” (which are also called clear GIFs, pixel tags, or pixels) or by tracking internet
protocol (“IP”) addresses.
“Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser when you interact with a website. When you
visit a webpage, the cookie sends back Device Identifiable Information.
“Web beacons” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a
webpage that track usage of the Website and effectiveness of communication. These web beacons can then be used to
recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website.
Cookies operate in the background. You can turn them off by adjusting your web browser settings, but doing so may
make it difficult to use some of the features on the Website or the features may not be available to you. We may use
cookies to make your Website experience easier by, for example, remembering your preferences, keeping track of your
login name, password and, if you want to buy things while on the Website, your “shopping cart.”
We may also use cookies and other activity tracking tools on the Website and through other Services to collect
your engagement metrics, including your Personal Identifiers and Device Identifiable Information, related to your
activity on the Website and Services.
For more information on your choices regarding cookies, you can review the FTC’s guide to opting out of online
tracking for computers and mobile devices. You can also see the ”All Users: Your
Choices and Controls” section below for ways to modify your cookie preferences.
We use Google Analytics, an automated technology to collect Device Identifiable Information to evaluate use of
our products and services and to diagnose technical issues. You can obtain more information about how Google
Analytics collects, and processes and uses this data at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
and
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web
applications and services that you do not want them to track your online activities. The Website and Services do not
currently support Do Not Track requests at this time.
(B) Other Direct Interactions with You
You give us your information in your direct interactions with us. We collect this information when you provide it
to us, such as when you register an account on our Website and other Services; view or purchase a product; sign up
to receive emails, publications, or other communications from us; review or rate a product, leave feedback, or
respond to surveys; participate in promotions, sweepstakes, or contests that we offer; or provide it when you
otherwise interact with us electronically, over the phone, or in person. This information includes Personal
Identifiers, Contact Information, Biographical Information, Financial Information, and Device Identifiable
Information, which you may give us from time to time. When you provide
this information to us via the Website or Services, you will be asked to acknowledge your understanding of and
consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy by clicking “I accept.”
We may match Device Identifiable Information with Personal Information that we may have from or about you, which
would allow us to identify you. We may use this information to provide you with offers that are available where you
physically are located.
(C) Social Media
When using the Services or when using certain third-party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter)
(each a “Social Network”), you may have the option to connect your Services
information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you authorize such a connection, you
permit us to share or publish information about your Services activity with that Social Network and its users, and
to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed to you at the time you consent to the connection.
Information we may share with a Social Network may include technical information about your Services activity,
your Services comments, or media you access via the Services. Information we may access about you, with your
consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your
location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers and certain information about your activities on the
Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and the Services, we (and that Social Network)
may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we
already have about you.
For more information, please review the privacy disclosures and terms of your Social Network account, which
govern how that account information is collected and shared with us.
(D) Other Third-Party Sources
We may also receive other information from third-party service providers such as hosting providers, data
management companies, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies (e.g., Google Analytics), distribution companies, fulfillment companies, and payment processors
(collectively, “Service Providers”) for a variety of purposes in connection with the
operation of our Website and Services.
Examples of such purposes include when you purchase our products, participate in contests, write reviews, leave
feedback, or take our surveys through a third-party vendor. We may also receive information from Service Providers
through marketing and demographic studies that we use to supplement Personal Information and deidentified
information provided directly by you.
How We Use Your Information
(A) For the Purpose Collected
If you provide Personal Information to us for a certain reason, we will use the Personal Information in
connection with the reason for which it was provided.
For instance, if you register or open an account on the Website or Services, the Personal Information you provide
may be used to maintain your account, provide you access to certain features of our Website or Services, or offer
you the benefits and privileges that typically come along with registration. These benefits may include access to
and use of exclusive or personalized content or activities, access to product news and promotions, and participation
in special events and promotions (such as contests and sweepstakes). As part of these activities, you consent to our
use of your Personal Information to determine your eligibility, contact you or provide you with notifications,
and/or fulfill and deliver orders.
(B) Support from Service Providers
In addition, Personal Information and Device Identifiable Information that we collect may be used by us and by
Service Providers (as has been for the past twelve months) to help us run our business. Examples of such purposes
for which we or our Service Providers may use your Personal Information and Device Identifiable Information that we
collect may be to:
contact you about the Website and/or Services you have requested;
provide you with Services or information you have requested, products you have ordered, or notifications to
which you have subscribed, such as emails and newsletters;
confirm or fulfill an order you have made and/or process payments that you make to us;
administer your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion, product review or rating, survey, or
voting poll;
facilitate the operation, maintenance and improvement of the Services, our business operations, and internal
recordkeeping;
prevent fraud and to ensure the security of the Website and the Services; and
with your permission, send you promotional material or special offers from us or our Service Providers. If you
no longer wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, or have your information shared with our Service Providers
as previously described, you may change your mind and/or your preferences by following the directions in the
“All Users: Your Choices and Controls” section of the Privacy Policy
below.
Our Service Providers are given the information they need to perform their designated functions in connection
with the Services. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your Personal Information for their own marketing or
other purposes.
(C) Processing Payment
When you buy products from us, you may be directed to a different website maintained by a third-party Service
Provider payment partner, identified at checkout, to process the transaction. Your
Financial Information, including your credit card number, expiration date, name on the card, or security code are
not stored within our systems.
Please refer to the payment processing Service Provider’s privacy policy for
more information.
(D) Security, Fraud Prevention, and Identity Verification
We, along with our Service Providers, may use your Personal Information to verify your identity so we can
properly process your requests and prevent fraud. By accessing and using our Services, you agree that we may use
your submitted and obtained Personal Information and Device Identifiable Information for such purposes and to
maintain the security of the Services.
(E) Improving Our Products and Marketing
We may also use your Personal Information, Device Identifiable Information, and other personally non-identifiable
information collected through the Website and Services to help us (or allow Service Providers to help us) improve
the content and functionality of the Website and Services so that we can better understand our users and to provide
customer support, to detect fraud, to personalize control and experiences on our Website and applications, and to
improve the Services. We may use this information to communicate with you regarding the Website and Services and, to
the extent permitted by law, to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you.
(F) Enforcement and Complying with Legal Obligations
We may use your Personal Information to enforce investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies
or be illegal, and to respond to legal proceedings and obligations.
How We May Share Your Information
(A) Business Transfers
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets, such as the sale of all or most of our
assets or equity to another company. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution,
bankruptcy or similar event in which a third party assumes control of all or part of our business, Personal
Information may be part of the transferred assets or business.
(B) Service Providers and Third Parties
We share Personal Information and Device Identifiable Information with Service Providers, as described above in
“How We Use Your Information”. As described above, our Service Providers are given
the information they need to perform their designated functions in connection with the Services.
We do not authorize our Service Providers to use or disclose your Personal Information for their own marketing or
other purposes. We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties, whether for monetary or other valuable
consideration.
We may share with third parties Device Identifiable Information and/or aggregated demographic information
collected on or through the Services for various purposes such as targeted advertising and research and analysis.
Aggregated demographic information does not include and is not linked to any Personal Information that can identify
you or another individual person.
(C) Legal Requirements
We may also share Personal Information and Device Identifiable Information under the following circumstances:
if required by law, such as by a court order, statute, regulation or rule, through legal process, or for law
enforcement purposes;
in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership or assignment for the benefit of our
creditors;
if we determine it necessary in connection with an investigation or in order to protect our legal rights;
if needed by our professional advisers, including our lawyers, auditors, or accountants, or consulting
services; or
in response to requests from federal, state, local or foreign law and civil enforcement agencies, such as a
search warrant, subpoena, regulatory inquiry, or court order.
Communication Services and Community Features
Chat Rooms, Forums, and Message Boards
The Services may make chat rooms, forums, blogs, message boards, and other community features and activities
available to you and other users. If you post Personal Information online, it will be publicly available and you may
receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make
public in a chat room, forum, or message board. Also, we cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly
available information will respect your privacy. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose Personal
Information in these areas. We reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to review and/or monitor any such
community areas on the Services.
Third-Party Advertising
We may allow other companies that are providing advertising content, social networking services, or other
services on our Website to set and access tracking technologies such as cookies on your computer (e.g., Rakuten, Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Bing Adcenter). These companies may collect information, including Device Identifiable Information, about your visits to the Website to measure and assess the effectiveness of online advertising and to provide and better target advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
While the information collected by these third parties from you while you are visiting our Website is not
Personal Information, some of these third parties may also combine such information with other information they have
collected from various other sources, such as their own past online and/or offline purchase information and web
usage from other sites. Such other information may include personal information, Device Identifiable Information, as
well as demographic and behavioral information. Those companies’ use of cookies, and the information collected, are
governed by those companies’ privacy policies, not ours. Please see the “All Users: Your Choices and Controls” section below for ways to opt-out of this third-party
advertising.
All Users: Your Choices and Controls
You have various choices with respect to the collection of and certain of our uses of the Personal Information we
collect from you on or through the Website or Services.
When you provide your Personal Information to us via the Website or
Services, you will be asked to acknowledge your understanding of and consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy by
clicking “I accept.” If you have not consented to us using your Personal Information as described in this
Privacy Policy, we will only use it to complete the transaction or provide the Services or product you have
requested.
When you visit our Website, we will tell you about your choices
regarding cookies, and you will be asked to accept or modify your cookie preferences before you proceed.
(A) Accessing, Reviewing, Updating, Correcting or Deleting Your Personal
Information
If you want to access, review, update, or correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, or delete your
Personal Information, you can:
Revise your preferences on the Website through your account profile;
Call us at 800-969-7501;
Email us at privacy@denniskirk.com;
Visit us via the web at www.denniskirk.com, click the “Leave us your Feedback” button, and complete and submit the form; or
Write to us directly at:
Dennis Kirk Inc.
Data Protection Officer
955 South Frandsen Avenue
Rush City, MN 55012 United States
Upon receiving your communication, we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our
possession, or to remove you from our catalog and mailing list.
You can access your preferences by logging into your account. Your preferences include, for example, your profile
information, as well as any shipping, payment, and account information (if applicable), as well as whether you want
to receive communications from us.
If you want to close your account with us and have us delete the Personal Information in it (except for
information that we keep for record-keeping purposes), you may do so or ask that we do so via one of the five
methods listed above. We may request certain Personal Information for the purposes of verifying the identity of the
individual seeking access to their Personal Information records.
(B) Opting Out of Direct Marketing
If you have agreed to receive communications or solicitations from us (and signed up for
an account with us), and you later change your mind, you can revise your preferences by accessing your account
profile via the Website or by contacting via one of the five methods listed above.
You also may opt out of receiving all future promotional e-mails from us by
clicking on an opt-out or “unsubscribe” link within the promotional e-mail you receive. Please understand
that if you opt out of receiving promotional correspondence from us, we may still contact you in connection with
your other relationship, activities, transactions and communications with us.
(B) Opting Out of Third-Party Advertising
As specified in the Third-Party Advertising section above, we may allow other companies that
are providing advertising content, social networking services, or other services on our Website to set and access
tracking technologies such as cookies on your computer. These companies may collect information, including Device
Identifiable Information, about your visits to the Website in order to measure and assess the effectiveness of
online advertising and to provide and better target advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Rakuten Marketing is one such third-party advertising service. Information about their privacy practices may be
found at Rakuten Marketing’s privacy policy available at:
https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/.
Information regarding your rights to opt out of Rakuten Marketing’s collection of information, including Device
Identifiable Information, via the Website and/or Services may be found at
https://rakutenmarketing.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/
You may also opt out of receiving ads from our other third-party advertisers by clicking the AdChoices icon on
advertisements that are sent to you, visiting the opt-out pages on the
NAI website and the
DAA website. Opting out does not prevent you from seeing ads;
it simply means that advertisers will no longer collect data for the purpose of providing you targeted ads. The DAA
and NAI opt-out tools are cookie-based. They signal network advertisers so that they do not collect data online or
deliver specific ads targeting you, and only affect the Internet/web browser on the computer where the cookies are
installed. These opt-out tools will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you
delete an opt-out cookie or all your cookies from a browser's cookie files, change web browsers or change computers,
you will no longer be opted out of our data collection and ad targeting, and we may place a new cookie unless an
opt-out cookie is again reset on that browser. Opting out using one browser on one computer will not opt you out
using any other browser on the same or another computer.
California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our customers who are
California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal
Information we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please contact us by:
Calling us at 800-969-7501;
Emailing us at privacy@denniskirk.com;
Visiting us via the web at www.denniskirk.com, click the
“Leave us your Feedback” button, and
complete and submit the form; or
Write to us directly at:
Dennis Kirk Inc.
Data Protection Officer
955 South Frandsen Avenue
Rush City, MN 55012 United States
Not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine The Light” requirements and only information on covered
sharing will be included in our response. Under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a request
once during any calendar year.
If you are a California resident, then you also have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) regarding your Personal Information:
(A) Right to Know
You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past twelve (12) months,
including:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
We have collected the following categories of personal information from you within the last twelve (12)
months:
Category
Examples
Collected within last 12 months
Identifiers
A real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address,
email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code §
1798.80(e))
A name, signature, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, credit card
number, debit card number, or any other methods of payment for our products, or medical information. Some
personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
YES
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement
YES
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements
YES
Information regarding the sources from which the above categories of information are collected, the business or
commercial purpose for which the information is collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we share
this information are set forth in the How We Collect Your Information, How We
Use Your Information, and How We May Share Your Information sections above.
(B) Right to Opt Out
The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. We do not sell information that directly identifies you, such as your name
and email address, to third parties, whether for monetary or other valuable consideration, and we have not done so
within the past 12 months. We therefore do not sell the Personal Information of any minors under the age of
18 years.
We do share certain information, including Device Identifiable Information, and allow third parties to collect
certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in the How We
Collect Your Information (the Cookie Policy), How We Use Your Information, How We May Share Your Information, Third-Party Advertising, and the All Users: Your Choices and Controls sections above. You can control these cookies through browser
settings and other controls. We do not believe these activities are a “sale” of personal information under the
current regulatory guidance for the CCPA.
Even though we do not sell your Personal Information, you will see a button on our home page that says “DO NOT
SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION,” which will allow you to opt out of the “sale” of your other information, Device
Identifiable Information.
If you choose to exercise your opt-out rights in accordance with Section (D) below
(“Exercising Your Rights”), we will take the required steps to honor your request, as set forth by the CCPA and its
regulatory guidance.
(C) Right to Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected from you (and direct our
Service Providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to,
when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete your transaction;
Provide you a good or service;
Perform a contract between us and you;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
Fix our system in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that
adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you
provided it.
(D) Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your right to know or your right to delete, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us as
indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. To exercise your right to opt out of the sale of your
personal information, you must submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either clicking on the “DO NOT SELL MY
PERSONAL INFORMATION” button on our homepage or send an email to
privacy@denniskirk.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to
your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request to exercise your right to know twice
within a 12-month period.
A verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are in fact the person (or are an
authorized representative of the person) about whom we collected information to which you have a legal interest
under the CCPA.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to
it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the information in which you have a legal interest under
the CCPA if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the information actually
relates to you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights described above. Unless permitted by
the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates for goods or services;
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or suggest that you may receive a different price or
rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Security Practices
We use reasonable security efforts to protect the Personal Information in our possession. However, no method of
transmission or storage of data is 100% secure and we will not be responsible for any damage that results from a
security breach of data or the unauthorized access to or use of information, whether Personal Information or Device
Identifiable Information. To the extent we provide your Personal Information to any third parties, we will request
that they use reasonable security measures to protect your information.
Links to Other Services
The Services may contain links to other websites and online services. When you click on a link to such other
sites and services (including by means of clicking on hyperlinks, logos, widgets, banners or advertisements), you
become subject to their terms of use and privacy policies posted thereon and/or applicable thereto.
Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, please note that we are not responsible for the
privacy practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you click on a link and leave
the Website and/or Services, and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects Personal Information
from you.
Notice to International Users
The Website and Services are operated and maintained within the United States. The Website and Services are
therefore directed toward users who live in the United States, and we make no assurances or representations of any
kind that the Services are suitable for use outside the U.S. or in the country in which you reside. By registering
with or using the Website or Services, you affirm that you are a U.S. resident, and you consent to the collection,
storage, processing, and transfer of your information in accordance with U.S. laws. We do not knowingly collect,
use, store, transfer, disclose, or otherwise process the Personal Information of European Union residents.
The information we collect is kept on servers in the U.S. and may be transferred to servers in other countries,
subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We retain the Personal Information that we collect for so long as we
continue to have a business purpose for it.
Additional Information
By using the Website and/or the Services, such as establishing an account or making a purchase, you consent to
the processing of your Personal Information as provided in this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw that consent by
contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
Please know that when you withdraw your consent, we may still use your information to the extent necessary to
complete a transaction with you or as otherwise permitted by law. You are required to provide certain Personal
Information in order to use some of the Services, to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain features
available through the Website. Your choice not to provide this information may prevent you from using the Services
or may result in a need to terminate your account or an inability for you to use certain features. It is not our
intent to discriminate against you for exercising your rights or the choices available to you. But, without certain
information, the Website and Services may not work as designed.
If you wish to object to or raise a complaint on how we have handled your Personal Information, you may contact
us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe our processing of your Personal Information is not in
accordance with law, you may register a complaint with the appropriate governmental authority. We control the
Personal Information collected via the Website and Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy replaces any earlier version. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may
modify it from time to time
If we change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changed Privacy Policy on the homepage of the
Website and other locations where the policy was previously posted. You will be able to determine what version of
the Privacy Policy applies by the “Effective Date” placed under the title. Where consistent with applicable law,
your continued use of the Website and/or Services after we have changed the Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance
of the revised terms.
Under certain circumstances (e.g., with respect to certain material changes to this Privacy Policy), we may also
elect to notify you through additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of the Website or by means
of an e-mail.
Children’s Data
We do not knowingly collect, use, disclose, or otherwise process the Personal Information from children under the
age of 18.
We also do not authorize individuals who are under the age of 18 to use the Website or the Services, nor
do we direct them to those under 18 years of age.
If we are made aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 18 years old in a manner that
is inconsistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will delete this information as soon as
possible. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under 18 without verification
of parental consent, we will endeavor to delete that information.
If you believe we have any information from a
child under the age of 18, please contact us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy
Exclusions
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information about businesses or other non-individual users. We reserve the
right to use and disclose aggregated or deidentified information for any commercially reasonable purpose.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us if you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or if you would like
to exercise your applicable data protection rights by:
Calling us at 800-969-7501;
Emailing us at privacy@denniskirk.com;
Visiting us via the web at www.denniskirk.com, click the
“Leave us your Feedback”
button, and complete and submit the form; or
Write to us directly at:
Dennis Kirk Inc.
Data Protection Officer
955 South Frandsen Avenue
Rush City, MN 55012 United States
We want to hear from you!
Tell us what we can do better!
Leave us your feedback!
Subscribe to our email list!
Stay up to date with the latest deals & promotions!
Sign Up!
Our Company
About Us
Pickup Store
Blog
Garage Build
Sled Build
Careers
Patriot Ride
Current Promotions
DK Trader
Account Info
Register / Login
Order Status
Wishlist/Gift Registry
My Garage
Support Center
Help Center
How to/Buying Guides
Privacy Policy
Financing
Returns
Gift Cards
Mobile Site
Contact Us
Dennis Kirk, Inc.
955 South Frandsen Ave
Rush City, MN 55069
800-969-7501
800-969-7501
320-358-4019
customerservice@denniskirk.com
We want to hear from you!
Tell us what we can do better!
Leave us your feedback!
Copyright © 2020 Dennis Kirk, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.
Order / Questions? Call Us Mon-Fri: 7am - 8pm, Sat & Sun: 8am - 6pm CST: 1-800-969-7501
Pickup Store Hours are Mon-Fri: 9am - 8pm, Sat: 9am - 5pm & Sun: 12pm - 5pm CST
Add A New Ride
×
Find
Parts
Fast
select your ride
Select Year
Select Make
Select Ride Type
Select Model
Create an Account or Login
×
New Customers
Creating an account allows you to save your favorite rides,
create and share wish lists, view your order history and get
updates on the parts & accessories you want.
Learn more about Dennis Kirk
Create an Account
Returning Customers
* Email Address:
* Password:
Remember Me?
Forgot your password or trouble logging in?
Click Here
Give us your feedback!
×
We're always looking to improve your shopping experience. If you have experienced a problem with our website,
please describe the issue in as much detail as possible so our team can explore it further.
I enjoyed my experience
I did not enjoy my experience
What is this feedback about?
Please select a category
General
Website
Fitment
Email + Promotions
Orders + Shipping
Your Ride (optional)
Part Number (if applicable)
Order Number (optional)
Did customer service resolve your issue?
Yes
No
*Please provide your comments
Unsubscribe
If you'd like us to follow up with you, enter the details below.
Your Name
Email Address:
Send Feedback
Subscribe to our emails!
×
Let’s make this all about you
Tell us what you're interested in so we’ll only send emails that are right up your alley.
Email Address *
First Name
Postal Code
What are you into?
Harley-Davidson
Cruiser Motorcycle
Goldwing
Sport Bike
Dirt Bike
ATV
UTV
Snowmobile
Helmets & Apparel
Privacy Policy
I'd like to unsubscribe.
Save
Select a Ride
×