https://www.nibblesgifts.com/privacy-policy.html
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy and security policy is intended to assist you in understanding what information we gather about you when you visit this Web site, how we use that information, and the safeguards we have in place for the information.
The Nibbles Gifts Store collects personal information from visitors to its website on a voluntary basis; however, visitors are not required to give such information to access our website. Personal information may include, without limitation, name, address, phone number and e-mail address. The Nibbles Gifts Store uses visitors' personal information to assist in marketing products and services offered by and its business partners, and to enhance the content of our website.   Our web server automatically collects the domain names (but not the e-mail addresses) of visitors to the Nibbles Gifts Store. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, and other statistical information. the Nibbles Gifts Store may contain links to other sites; however we cannot assume responsibility for the content or privacy practices employed by these other sites.   All information gathered about each visitor to the Nibbles Gifts Store is subject to and protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. We may, from time to time, share visitor information with third party business partners. The Nibbles Gifts Store maintains a private database on its web server for the storage of all such information.   Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any visitor information collected, the Nibbles Gifts Store will have no liability for disclosure of any visitor information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.   The Nibbles Gifts Store reserves the right to change or update this privacy policy, or any other policy or practice, at anytime with reasonable notice to users of its website. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Nibbles Gifts Store.   Security Shopping at the Nibbles Gifts Store is safe and secure. It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. To ensure protection of your credit card number and other personal information, the Nibbles Gifts Store uses Godaddy's SSL encryption technology. Your credit card number is digitally scrambled to ensure that it is not read by unauthorized third parties. If you're still concerned about internet security, please contact our customer service department to submit your order by telephone or fax.