http://www.sydneybuchanan.com/privacy-policy
Home
Ordering Information
Login / Register
My Cart : 0 item(s) /
$0.00
NEW
Designers
Bloom
Caitlin Dunn
Calico Juno
ENewton Designs
Goldenthread
Gorjana
Jemma
Jill Massey
Jude Frances
Kate Flynn
KC Designs
Name Bracelets
Plata Designs
Rebecca Lankford
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Custom
Top Picks
As Seen OnGift Certificates
Login
Register
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
NEW
Designers
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Custom
Top Picks
Gift Certificates
Privacy Policy
At SydneyBuchanan.com, we are committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. That is why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information.
What information does SydneyBuchanan.com collect and how do we use it?
You may browse SydneyBuchanan.com without giving us any personal information. At times, however, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information such as your name, e-mail address, business address and telephone number. Generally this information is requested when you sign up for our newsletters or place an order.
How does SydneyBuchanan.com protect consumer information?
SydneyBuchanan.com protects the customer data we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
How does SydneyBuchanan.com use "cookies" and other data collection methods?
On occasion, we may use "cookies" to help us provide you with personalized service. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. The cookie identifies your browser with a unique, random number. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that if you would rather that the information not be stored for future use. SydneyBuchanan.com also collects aggregate web traffic information, including the number of unique visitors, the top paths through the site, entry pages and exit pages, etc.
Will SydneyBuchanan.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
SydneyBuchanan.com will not trade, sell or rent your personal information. SydneyBuchanan.com will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions listed below. We may share the information with a subsidiary or an acquirer of SydneyBuchanan.com. In some cases, we use other companies to provide limited services on our behalf. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using the information for any other purpose. SydneyBuchanan.com may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to: (a) protect the rights, safety or property of users of our web site, the public, or SydneyBuchanan.com or our web site suppliers; and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements.
Your consent.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by SydneyBuchanan.com. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of what data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.
Information
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Site Map
About Us
Ordering Information
Contact Us
As Seen On
Extras
Brands
Top Picks
Account
Login
Order History
Wish List
Social Media
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram