http://www.jaysmith.com/privacy.html
CORONAVIRUS NOTICE: We are healthy and well, and are still open for website, email, mailorder, and phone orders & inquiries. Only family members are working in the office.
We are all taking extraordinary sanitary precautions at work and home, and are not allowing "outsiders" into our office or homes. While it may take us longer than usual to respond and to send out orders, we are still serving our clients.
We appreciate and especially need your support in this difficult time as we try to continue keeping all our staff employed.
Welcome to the Scandinavian Philatelic Headquarters
Home  >  Privacy Policy
Email, Privacy, and Data Security Policy
You are doing business with Jay Smith, sole owner of Cameron Trading Company, Inc., d/b/a Jay Smith & Associates. "Cameron" is a family name -- I am the sole owner of the company which I founded in 1973.
EMAILS: You may receive emails from Jay Smith & Associates because you have supplied your email address and have requested contact by this method. You may stop receiving emails at any time, simply by replying to the E-News (or any other email) and saying "cancel". Email is the primary method by which I provide certain information to you, thus stopping email communication will limit your ability to do business with me. Orders placed by you via email or via our website do require email communication with you to complete the order process.
If you are receiving emails, it is because it is my understanding that you have already "opted in" to receiving emails from me. If you wish to continue receiving emails you do not need to take any action. You will continue to receive emails unless you instruct me to stop by replying and saying "cancel", which you may do so at any time.
PRIVACY: I have complete respect for your privacy. Your personal information is not sold, rented, shared, or in any way given to any other person, company, or entity, except: 1) the result of an appropriate governmental legal authority; and 2) as necessary to complete the processing, with our bank, of credit card transactions you have requested.
COOKIES: When you use my shopping cart, the cart system sets a "cookie" (a tiny electronic text file containing the shopping cart number) on your computer to identify the shopping cart as being yours. The "cookie" does NOT, any any time, store any personal information such as name or address. And, until you actually enter your personal information (name and address) and submit the order, even I am not able to determine to whom the shopping cart belongs. The shopping cart system is be aware of the IP address of the computer using the shopping cart.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION: When (if) you submit your credit card information (a completely different process than placing an order through the shopping cart), I store that information as legally and practically required for payment, accounting, and audit purposes. You may ask at any time that either your credit card information: 1) IS to be kept in my records to facilitate future transactions; or 2) is NOT to be kept in my records beyond the point legal required.
My separate secure payment site https://secure.JaySmith.com is available if you wish to send your credit card details. You may also call, fax, or write by postal mail with such information. The secure payment site only transmits the details; it does not cause a credit card charge to occur. Credit card charges are done manually by my staff when the final payment amount has been determined.
I do everything possible to maintain both physical and computer security of all records.
Questions or Concerns? Any questions or concerns regarding my privacy policy should be addressed to me, Jay Smith, at js@JaySmith.com
Thank you for your patronage.
NEW CATALOG
FALKLAND ISLANDSWe are U.S. Distributor
The KEY reference!
In StockOrder Now!
The primary reference for all aspects of Falkland philately, including postal history and postmarks.
$49.00 Postpaid
in U.S. by Media Mail
FEATURED SPECIAL
SWEDENOfficial Blackprint
1856/1862 Local Stamp
Very Limited Supply!Order Now!
Official blackprint/reprint made in 1930 to aid in study of the printing plate. Ungummed on thick card, as issued. Seldom offered.
Single $12.00
Pair $22.00
Block $40.00
Other reprints also available.
FEATURED SPECIAL
Rare ICELAND 1911CHRISTMAS SEAL
World Classic Seal Design
Very Limited Supply!Order Now!
Seldom offered and rarely at such a low price! A once-in-a-lifetime purchase allows me to share the savings with you.
NH VF normally $60.00!NH VF Only $36.00!
(A few others $18-$48.1904 and 1905 also available.)
FEATURED SPECIAL
DANISH "STAMP COINS"
From World War II
Only a few available!Order Now!
SET OF TWO.Only $16.00!IN STOCK!
FEATURED SPECIAL
SWEDISH LADYBUG VERTICAL COIL "ERROR"
Limited Supply!Order Now!
Unplanned Vertical Coil "Error" Stamp.IN STOCK!
SPECIAL OFFERS!
GREAT VALUES!
Updated
10 December 2020
Scandinavia:
Philatelic
Literature
Collections
Used Albums
U.S. Stamps:
NH, Mint, and Used at great prices.
Collections
World Stamps:
Better stamps at great prices.
Collections
SCANDINAVIAN PRICE LISTS BY POSTAL MAIL
Over 100 pages of price lists are available
by postal mail. While these will eventually also be available
on the web, I am not quite there yet. Request
your copy of the printed price lists today.
SCANDINAVIAN PRICE LISTS ON THE
WEB Take a look at my specific country
price lists and topic price lists on
the web.
Approvals are the best way to add to your collection.
If you prefer to examine stamps and compare them to your
collection, before you purchase, you will very much enjoy my
approval service. Send your want list today.
Stender Scandinavian Stamp Albums
Albums made in Scandinavia, by Scandinavians make the most sense.
Well designed and attractive, these extremely price competitive
albums will make a great home for your collection. See the complete price list.
I have added a Frequently Asked
Questions "FAQ" page for web site, computer, and Internet questions
as they relates to my site. I welcome your comments, input, suggestions,
corrections, etc.
Home  |  Resources  |  We Buy  |  FAQ  |  Ordering Information  |  Contact
Scandinavian Country Price Lists  |  Topical Price Lists  |  Literature Price Lists
Specials Price Lists  |
United States Price Lists  |
World Price Lists
Approvals  |
New Issues  |
Stender Albums  |
E-News  |
Expertizing
Review Shopping Cart  |  Delete Old Shopping Cart  |  Secure Credit Card Payment
© 2001-2011, 2012 Jay Smith & Associates   webmaster@JaySmith.com
I respect your privacy: Email, Privacy, and Data Security Policy.
Jay Smith & Associates   P.O. Box 650   Snow
Camp, NC 27349-0650   USA
Toll-Free Phone (US & Canada): 1-800-447-8267   Phone:
336-376-9991   Fax: 336-376-6750   Email:
js@JaySmith.com