http://www.achievements.co.uk/privacypolicy
Home
Research & Services
Family History Research
Heraldry Research
Family Tree Charts
Local & House History Research
Gift Certificates
Research Case Studies
FAQs
News & Blog
About Us
Achievements
Meet The Team
Genealogy Library
The IHGS
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy PolicyOur responsibility to our clients.
Achievements recognises its responsibilities under the General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 in respect of the data that it maintains on clients.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect data from clients including personal details (name, address and contact details), payment records and family information that is appropriate to our services. We do not collect data from enquirers who do not go onto to use our services.
How will we use the information about you?
Achievements needs to process certain personal data about clients to provide a genealogical research service and for the administration of this service. We do not pass on your personal information to any third party.
How long do we keep the information?
The information is kept until the service is complete, and is then retained for reference by the client only in the secure Achievements Archive.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you via our contact page or by mail research@achievements.co.uk or Achievements, 79-82 Northgate, Canterbury, Kent, CT1 1BA
“We are delighted with the research you have done for us. Thank you for reconsidering our case and proceeding...”G.K., Ashington, Essex
Read more
About Achievements
Meet The Team
Genealogy Library
IHGS
How can we help?
Give us a call us on:08000 939383 (+44 1227 462618)Or send us an email and we will offer a free no-commitment quotation for your research.
Contact Us
Latest from Achievements
Gift certificates for Christmas
Achievements in lockdown….we are still here for you
It’s never too early to think about Christmas……
Follow Us
Copyright © 2020
Achievements of Canterbury   | Sitemap
website by beachshore