https://www.houseofchess.com/policies.php#shipping
Exclusive Chess Sets, Pieces, Boards & Boxes StoreBy Pleasant Times Industries
VIEW CART
Currency:
U.S.DollarEuroBritish PoundCanadian DollarAustralian Dollar
Units:
ImperialsMetrics
Chess SetsChess PiecesChess BoardsChess BoxesChess Backgammon SetsOther Board Games
Shop by Category
Chess SetsWoodenMagneticTravelTournamentPremierMetal WoodBoneThemeArtisticPeggedChess PiecesWoodPremierTournamentBoneArtisticPieces with BoxThemeChess BoardsFoldingFlatChess BoxesPresentationHingedFlatChess Backgammon SetsMagneticOther Board GamesDice Box
Shop by Price
Under $18From $18 - $95From $95 - $172From $172 - $249Above $249
More Ways to Shop
On Sale
Top Selling
Helpful Information
Site Map
Chess Links
History of Chess
How to Play Chess
Customer Service
Contact us
Email Us
Track Your Order
Customer Feedback
Wonderful collection of chess sets. Coupled with great customer service and superfast shipment.
William J, WA
Great selection, beautiful worksmanship.
Anyone wanting a complete set, this is the place.
Boards, pieces, bags and an engraving option.
That covers it all.
Reliable, fast and fantastic communication.
Don't be fooled with other web sites who are cheaper and can't deliver the goods.
Would do business again without hesitation.
Thanks 'House of Chess'.
Gary, New Jersey
House of Chess - Policies
Shipping Policy
General Information
House of Chess usually ships the item to any part of the world within 2 days after receiving the order.
Owing to the huge variety of chess items we manufacture, sometimes all of them are not available at our US warehouse. In that case your items will be
directy shipped from our INDIA factory at no additional cost by FedEx International Priority Service. Delivery Time is 4 to 5 days for all American States
including Hawaii & Alaska. You will also get the tracking details for this service.
Shipping within United States, Canada and United Kingdom
All the items are shipped via FedEx. House of Chess will send an shipping confirmation email at your email address provided
by you at the time of placing order.
Shipping Charges to Hawaii & Alaska
We don't charge an extra shipping charges in case of Hawaii & Alaska and the same charges are applied which are mentioned at our website.
Shipping outside United States, Canada and United Kingdom
For shipping address outside US, Canada & UK, the shipping company may vary from country to country. However, House of Chess will send
an shipping confirmation email at your email address provided by you at the time of placing order.
Delivery Time
Although, we assure your ordered items will reach your door steps within 4 to 5 days after we dispatch from our warehouse. Sometimes due to the
unavailability of items at US warehouse, we need to ship them directly from our INDIA factory via FedEx International Priority Service at no additional cost.
Delivery time is again same i.e. 4 to 5 days.
Return Policy
Refunds
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 20 days of the ship date. Merchandise must be
received in new or otherwise original condition with all original packaging. Please email at info@houseofchess.com to request
a return authorization (RMA) number. We will not accept returns that have not been authorized and assigned a RMA number.
To return a product follow these steps:
1. Email us to inform that you would like to exchange or return a purchase and receive a return authorization number.
2. Place the product back in the original (or similar) box and packaging.
3. Mark the RMA number on the box.
4. Return the product to the address provided to you in email.
Shipping Reimbursement
House of Chess will refund your amount after deducting Shipping and handling charges, and 10% restocking charges. This
guarantee is not valid in case of product abuse or destruction on the part of the consumer. Please ship insured and
well packed, and include your order number. House of Chess will not give any refund for merchandise damaged, due to poor packaging on
returns. Please allow 7 to 10 days processing time for credit adjustments on modified orders or returns.
Privacy Policy
We want to assure you that House of Chess respects your privacy. We do collect passive information on products browsed by you and we analyze
this information in aggregate to ensure our site is merchandised in a manner that adds the most convenience and value to our customers.
When an order is placed, we collect basic information including your name, home address, phone, email address and credit card information.
We use this information to confirm your order and to respond to any questions you may have.
If you make a purchase at Houseofchess.com, we include you in our list to receive email updates about special offers, new products and services,
and relevant information. We are part of Pleasant Times Industries company. Pleasant Times Industries operates a wide range of high
quality online specialty retail sites. If you want to learn more about Pleasant Times Industries please go to About PTI
for more information.House of Chess has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information that we
collect. We utilize a firewall and use SSL encryption to keep this information secure. We use your Internet protocol address to help identify
you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information. Our site uses cookies and java scripts to keep track of the
items in your shopping cart so you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit.Acceptance of cookies and java scripts is not a
requirement to browse our site, however our shopping cart and product pages does require the acceptance of cookies and java scripts to work properly.
Cookies are never used to store sensitive customer information such as names, addresses, passwords or credit card numbers. If you would like
to place an order on our site but object to or otherwise are unable to use cookies, please feel free to place your order via email
info@houseofchess.comThere are several features on our site that allow you to easily view the product or image enhancement which require use of javascript.
Safe Shopping
When you shop at Houseofchess.com, you never have to worry about credit card safety. We guarantee that every transaction you make will be safe.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with Netscape, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL browsers, so that
only Houseofchess.com can read a buyer's personal information.Online purchases are statistically safer than using your credit card at
a restaurant or department store. Technical experts state that online purchases are far safer than traditional credit card transactions
because the information is immediately encrypted into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer.Under
the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for
any of this $50.00, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use
of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at Houseofchess.com while using the secure server.In the
event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Gift Coupon / Certificates
When you shop at Houseofchess.com for gift coupons, you will be presented with 3 options.
(a) Print it Yourself:
Whebn you select this option, you will be asked for your name, recipient's name and personalized message. You may choose the value of card from dropdown box or
you may enter of your own. After the checkout is complete, you will be sent an email with the link to your Gift Coupon. Click on the link and you will be
presented the image of Gift Coupon which you can print. There are no charges associated with this option.
(b) Send E-Coupon:
There isn't major difference between the (a) and (b) option except the recipient email id is required in option (b). The gift coupon link email will be sent to
the recipient and to your email id as soon as the checkout is completed. Either recipient or you can print the gift coupon also.
(c) Let us Print & Send it to you:
Select this feature if you would like us to deliver the wooden engraved gift coupon at recipient's door step. There is a little cost of $7.95 + shipping in addition
to the gift card value involved in this feature. Delivery time is 6-7 days.
Terms and Conditions for Redeeming Gift Coupons
1) Gift Coupon can be redeemed at our website www.Houseofchess.com only.
2) The value of Gift Coupon can't be paid out in cash.
3) Gift Coupon cannot be used to buy the another gift coupon. These can be redeemed to buy our products only.
4) Gift Coupons issued by CribbageBoardStore never gets expired as long as there is a balance available in it.
5) If you have lost your Gift Card, please inform us immediately through email at info@houseofchess.com
quoting your Gift Coupon Code, Order No. along with your email id and we'll immediately block the said code.
Terms & Conditions
Conditions of Use
Welcome to Houseofchess.com. We are a Pleasant Times Industries company. Your use of this site and affiliated Pleasant Times Industries sites
demonstrates your acceptance of the following terms.
Pleasant Times Industries reserves the right to change or modify the content, design, specifications, terms and conditions associated with
the use of Houseofchess.com without prior notice. Your continued use of this site after the effective date of such changes constitutes your
acceptance of and agreement to such changes.
If you do not agree to these Terms, in whole or in part, please do not use this site.
Copyright & Trademarks
This website and its contents are intended for your personal use. Unless otherwise noted, all content on this site, including text, graphics,
logos, button icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property of Houseofchess.com and protected by United States and international
copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Houseofchess.com and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
You may not modify, publish, adapt, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, exhibit, distribute, display, reverse engineer, decompile, dissemble,
perform, reproduce, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the site content, on this site, in whole or in part.
You may download or copy one copy of the site content for personal, noncommercial use only, provided that no changes in or deletion
of author attribution, trademark, legend, copyright notice, or other proprietary notices shall be made. Downloading or copying site content
for other than personal, noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of us or any other copyright owner.
You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading or copy any of the product listings, descriptions, or prices, nor
may you frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or copyrighted material from the site or use any meta tags or
any other hidden text utilizing our names or trademarks, without our express written consent.
You shall be solely responsible and liable for any and all damages resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or
any other harm resulting from any uploading, posting or submission of your content on the Site.
Product Description
Houseofchess.com and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or
other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price
or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any
orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order
has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we
shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase you may return it as described in
our Return policy.
About us
Houseofchess.com
Pleasanttimes.com
Sitemap
Customer Care
Contact us
Order Status
Invoice
Shipping & Return Policy
Shipping
Delivery Time
Returning Product
Security & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Safe Shopping
Terms & Conditions
Business & Wholesale
Become a Wholesaler
Affiliation
Links
Houseofchess.com is an exclusive store of Pleasant Times Industries - Pioneer in Wooden Chess Sets, Pieces, Cribbage Boards, Boxes. © 2003-2020. All rights reserved.