http://www.bookvine.com/privacy-policy
The Book Vine for Children
Your headquarters for over 600 quality infant, toddler, and preschool books!
Order online or call800-772-4220 / 815-363-8880
Advanced Search
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To process transactions:
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will be kept on file for no more than 60 days in order to facilitate processing orders.Do we use cookies? Yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information). We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone, via fax or by U.S. Mail.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. However as stated above, we do not share or sell any of our customer's information no matter in what manner it has been gathered. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. www.bookvine.com3980 W. Albany Street, Suite 7McHenry, Illinois 60050-8397USinfo@bookvine.com815-363-8880
The Book Vine for Children
Letter to Customer
Read It Again
Story Time Tips
How The Book Vine Selects Books
Presentation Training Packages
Book Vine Services
What's New at The Book Vine
The Book Vine Newsletter
@TheBookVine on Twitter!
Customer Service
Registration
Frequently Asked Questions
Lost Password
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Order Catalog
Browse Online Catalog
Print an Order Form
Payment & Shipping
Return Policy
Payment Methods
Overnight Shipping
The Book Vine Discount
Orders $500 to $9,999...........10% OFFOrders $10,000 to $24,999.....15% OFFOrders over $25,000 .............20% OFF
Shipping Charges
Within the 48 contiguous states:Orders under $100, add $15. Orders over $100, add 15%.
Outside the 48 contiguous states:
Orders under $100, add $25. Orders over $100, add 25%.
For international orders, call for a quote on shipping.
© 2011 The Book Vine for Children. All Rights Reserved.
3980 W. Albany Street, Suite 7 McHenry, IL 60050-8397    Phone: 800-772-4220   /  815-363-8880
Hosted & Designed by Servlet