http://www.oilpaintingtechniques.com/privacy.html
Oil Painting Instruction for
the Beginner and Intermediate
Privacy PolicyWe have created this privacy statement in order todemonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacyof personal information provided by those visiting andinteracting with this web site. We hold the privacy of yourpersonal information in the highest regard. The followingdiscloses our information gathering and dissemination practicesfor this website.We recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy andour policy is designed to assist you in understanding how wecollect, use and safeguard the personal information you provideto us and to assist you in making informed decisions when usingour site. This policy will be continuously assessed against newtechnologies, business practices and our customers' needs.What Information Do We Collect?When you visit this web site you may provide us with two typesof information: personal information you knowingly choose todisclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web siteuse information collected on an aggregate basis as you andothers browse our Web site.1. Personal Information You Choose to ProvideRegistration InformationWhen you register for any of our products, services ornewsletters you will provide us information about yourself.Credit Card InformationIf you choose to avail of our services, you may need to givepersonal information and authorization to obtain informationfrom various credit services. For example, you may need toprovide the following information:-Name-Mailing address-Email address-Credit card number-Name on credit card-Credit card billing address-Business and home phone numberEmail InformationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we mayretain the content of your email messages together with youremail address and our responses. We provide the sameprotections for these electronic communications that we employin the maintenance of information received by mail andtelephone.2. Web Site Use InformationSimilar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes astandard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below,"What Are Cookies?") and web server log files to collectinformation about how our Web site is used. Informationgathered through cookies and Web server logs may include thedate and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at ourWeb site, and the Web sites visited just before and just afterour Web site.How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposesof administering our business activities, providing theproducts and services you requested, to process your payment,to monitor the use of the service, our marketing andpromotional efforts and improve our content and serviceofferings, and customize our site's content, layout, servicesand for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our site andbetter tailor it to meet your needs.Furthermore, such information may be shared with others onan aggregate basis. Personally identifiable information orbusiness information will not be shared with parties except asrequired by law.Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect tonotify you about important changes to our Website, newservices, and special offers we think you will find valuable.You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receivethese offers by using the unsubscribe link provided in theabove mentioned emails.What Are Cookies?A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes ananonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, thatsite's computer asks your computer for permission to store thisfile in a part of your hard drive specifically designated forcookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browserif your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect yourprivacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access thecookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to youby other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies.However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you mayalter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. Ifyou choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possiblethat some areas of our site will not function as effectivelywhen viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any otherdata from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?As you visit and browse our Web site, the site uses cookies todifferentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also usecookies to prevent you from having to log in more than isnecessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Webserver's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate numberof people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site aremost popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantlyimprove our Web site and better serve our clients. Cookies donot allow us to gather any personal information about you andwe do not intentionally store any personal information thatyour browser provided to us in your cookies.IP AddressesIP addresses are used by your computer every time you areconnected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that isused by computers on the network to identify your computer. IPaddresses are automatically collected by our web server as partof demographic and profile data known as traffic data so thatdata (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent toyou.Sharing and Selling InformationWe do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the informationthat uniquely identify a subscriber (such as email addresses orpersonal details) with anyone except to the extent it isnecessary to process transactions or provide services that youhave requested.How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?You may request access to all your personally identifiableinformation stored by us from the information we collect onlineand maintain in our database by emailing us at the usualaddress.What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, inother words, when we, in good faith, believe that the lawrequires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We mayalso disclose account information when we have reason tobelieve that disclosing this information is necessary toidentify, contact or bring legal action against someone who maybe violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety ofour users and the Public.What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web siteslinked to or from our Web site or the information or contentcontained therein. Often links to other Web sites are providedsolely as pointers to information on topics that may be usefulto the users of our Web site.Please remember that when you use a link to go from ourWebsite to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer ineffect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site,including web sites, which have a link on our Website, issubject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please readover those rules and policies before proceeding.Your ConsentBy using our Web site you consent to our collection and use ofyour personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any timewith or without notice.Our Commitment To Data Security:Please note that your information will be stored andprocessed on our computers in the United States. The laws onholding personal data in the United States may be lessstringent than the laws of your Country of residence orcitizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain dataaccuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we haveput in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerialprocedures to safeguard and secure the information we collectonline.Choice/Opt-In/Opt-OutThis site allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will notreceive future messages. After unsubscribing we willdiscontinue sending the particular messages as soon astechnically feasible.Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from usersvia surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys orcontests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has achoice whether or not to disclose this information. Informationrequested may include contact information (such as name andshipping address), and demographic information (such as zipcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notifythe winners and award prizes. Survey information will be usedfor purposes of monitoring or improving the use andsatisfaction of this site.A Special Note About ChildrenChildren are not eligible to use our services unsupervisedand we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submitany personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can usethis service only in conjunction with permission and guidancefrom your parents or guardians.Acquisition or Changes in OwnershipIn the event that the web site (or a substantial portion ofits assets) is acquired, your information would be consideredpart of those assets, and may be part of those assets that aretransferred.Policy ModificationsWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If/whenchanges are made to this privacy policy, we will email userswho have given us permission to do so. We will post any changeshere, so be sure to check back periodically. However, please beassured that if the Privacy Policy changes in the future, wewill not use the personal information you have submitted to usunder this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materiallyinconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your priorconsent. You can see sample videos, lessons, andarticles on the blogCopyright © 2008 1oilpainting.com All rightsreserved • Contact
Us • Privacy
Policy1oilpainting owned byJamaweb, inc.375 N. Stephanie St - Suite 1411, Henderson, NV 89014877-300-7052