https://www.rareplants.co.uk/helpdesk/
Home / Helpdesk
We have set up this area to help you, it contains things we have been asked for and links to pages we think you will find useful. This is also an umbrella page for facilities from elsewhere on the site, all in one easy place to find them together.
Frequently asked questions
Our FAQs are perhaps the most useful non-plant section of the website but they remain little looked at. Please check them as your first port of call for instant answers. The FAQs are extensive & cover the questions we have been asked over the 20+ years that we have been online.
Account            Card Questions           Catalogues           CITES
Cookies          Coupons        Cultivation       Destinations
Newsletter        Order questions       Paying    Plant questions
Pricing            Privacy & Security         Problems          Seed
Shipping          Shopping        Visitors      Waitlist     Wholesale
Make a payment – perhaps for an order not yet paid or to add an extra item.
Gift vouchers – to a denomination of your choice, posted to yourself or to your recipient.
This page is always being added to, but please feel free to let us know anything helpful that you think should be here, thanks.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish
Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Our Current listing is our Winter listing for delivery December to March 2021.
All prices are each (per bulb or corm). We can no longer combine old & new orders. Dismiss