https://www.gothicstyle.co.uk/content/7-privacy
>
Privacy
Privacy Policy
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.gothicstyle.co.uk and served by Gorrod Media and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
The information we collect
When you create an account on this website to make a purchase the information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number and email address. This information is used only to allow us to fulfill your order. For example it will allow us to print a shipping label with your delivery details and allow your order to be posted to you.
We do not collect or store your payment card details.Processing of your personal data
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. We do not share or pass on your information to any third parties other than SagePay who handle our payment facilities and Royal Mail who will deliver your order to you.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) compliance requirement.
Contacting you
We will contact you by email only in relation to an order you have placed, or an enquiry you have made. On placing an order you may receive an automated email to let you know that we are processing your order and when we have shipped your order.
We do not send any newsletters or any marketing emails ever. We hate those things as much as you do.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to maintain your shopping cart, and to generally allow you to make purchases from the website and for the website to function.
Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Reviewing, Updating, Deleting your information.
You can review and update your data in the My Account section of our website here: My Account
You can also request that your information be updated or deleted by emailing us at info@gothicstyle.co.uk
If you have any concerns about your data that we may be storing please contact us at info@gothicstyle.co.uk and we will be more than glad to help.