http://www.caspiancaviar.co.uk/cookie-policy-i38
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie PolicyCookie Policy Without cookies enabled we cannot guarantee that the website and your experience whilst visiting will be as intended it to be. The Caspian Caviar website(s), along with many other websites use ‘Cookies’. Cookies are small text files that websites send to a cookie file on a visitor’s computers hard disk. Cookies enable visitors to navigate around the website and where applicable tailor the content to the visitor, for example, visitor name, past orders, previous searches etc. Cookies allow the website to tailor the content to the needs of the visitor and improve the overall visitor experience. Without cookies it would be difficult for a website to allow the visitor to fill up the shopping basket, proceed to the checkout, remember the visitors preferences or registration details for a later visit. The Caspian Caviar website allows customers to move from one part of the website to another and to add items to the basket without having to repeatedly login. Cookies are not computer programs, and cannot read any other information saved on a visitor’s hard drive. Cookies cannot be used to disseminate viruses, or gather a visitors email address. They only contain and transfer to the website as much information as the visitors has disclosed to the website. It is possible to opt out of cookies via your browser settings, however by doing so this may prevent you from transacting on the Caspian Caviar website. Please note: Cookie settings are devices specific, if you if you log on to a site from another computer or device you cookie settings will not apply.You can find further information about managing and disabling cookies on your computer or device please visit www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookiesWhen visiting the Caspian Caviar websitecookies will either be served by Caspian Caviar or by their business partners.   Caspian Caviar may use the following types of cookies; Essential Cookies These cookies allow the visitor to use the basic functionality of the website. For example browsing products, completing forms, placing an order, completing a transaction or viewing your account. Without cookies enabled you may be prevented from carrying out these tasks. Performance Cookies This type of cookies allows Caspian Caviar to gain an understanding of how visitors use the website(s). Cookies are used to analyse essential visitor information, like site usage, visitor’s numbers and time spent on site. This information will help Caspian Caviar to see if advertising campaigns are working and what content visitors like on the site. This information is then used to help refine marketing campaigns and makes the onsite experience more enjoyable for all visitors.Functionality Cookies They allow Caspian Caviarto provide visitors with additional functionality on the website and as a result will retain some settings information. While these are non-essential cookies they enable extra features that enhance a visitors experience.Targeting Cookies The last type of cookie used is, targeting cookies. These cookies track visitors’ interests in products. These cookies may be used to understand what appeals to visitors allowing Caspian Caviarto make potential special offers as appropriate as possible. This information may also be used to create relevant banner ads displaying products relating to items last viewed onsite. These banners are then served across other websites that you may visit; this process is called behavioural advertising. While the banner advertisement is tailored to each visitor, all cookie data is anonymised and stored temporarily.   All banners of this type will feature an “I” icon that provides more information from each advertising network and instructions on how to opt out. Caspian Caviar also use the browsing behaviour data to create personal product recommendations on the website, marketing emails and offline promotions. It is important to note that a cookie can be a session or persistent cookie.  A session cookie is a temporary cookie which only exists within the period you access the website. Session cookies help the Caspian Caviar website remember what you have chosen on the previous page. A persistent cookie remain on your device after you have visited the Caspian Caviar website. These cookies help to identify visitors as a unique visitor, usually by storing a randomly generated number on you hard drive. The length of time this cookie remains depends on the type of cookie. These cookies do not contain any personal information that can be used to identify visitors.Cookies in Use: NameProviderPurposeDurationasp.netCaspian CaviarThis is a session ID cookie that retains information required when proceeding throughout the checkout process, for example remembering the items that you have placed on your basket.Session Cookie, deleted when browser is closed_utmaGoogle AnalyticsThis cookie is used to determine unique visitors to the Caspian Caviar website and is updated with each page view. Additionally, this cookie is updated with a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to ensure both the validity and accessibility of the cookie as an extra security measure2 years_utmbGoogle AnalyticsEach time a user of the Caspian Caviar website visits a different page on the site, the cookie is updated to expire in 30 minutes. This allows Caspian Caviar to track usage across a website as a single session providing the visitor continues activity within 30 minute sessions. The cookie expires when a user pauses on a page on the website for longer than 30 minutes30 minutes_utmcGoogle Analytics_utmc works in conjunction with _utmb. If a web page is open for 30 minutes without activity the _utmb cookie expires however the _utmc cookie remains. This detects that the visitor is a returning visitor but has started a new session. The cookie is deleted when the visitor closes the browserSession Cookie, deleted when browser is closed_utmzGoogle AnalyticsThis cookie stores the type of referral used by the visitor to reach the Caspian Caviar website, whether this is direct, a referring link, a website search or campaign. It is used to calculate the effectiveness of these campaign once the visitor has reached the Caspian Caviar website. This cookie is updated with each page view of the Caspian Caviar website.6 monthsTo enable cookiesTo ensure you have the best possible experience while visiting the Caspian Caviar please check cookies are being accepted by your browser.If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:For PCs:click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' optionFor Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' optionHow to check cookies are enabled for PCsGoogle Chrome1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.01. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser3. Settings above Medium will disable cookiesMozilla Firefox1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options2. Then select the Privacy icon3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'Safari1. Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option2. Click on 'Security', ensure the option called 'Block third-party and advertising cookies' is unticked3.      Click 'Save' How to check cookies are enabled for Macs Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX1.      Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options 2.      Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files 3.      Select the 'Never Ask' option  Safari on OSX1.      Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option 2.      Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies' 3.      Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'  Mozilla and Netscape on OSX1.      Click on 'Mozilla' or 'Netscape' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option 2.      Scroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security' 3.      Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only'  Opera1.      Click on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings' 2.      Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tab 3.      Then select 'Accept cookies' option  Data over the Internet From time to time Caspian Caviar may use a third-party service provider to serve ads on Caspian Caviar behalf across the Internet and sometimes on their own site. They collect anonymous information about visitors to our website and interaction with the products and services. The third party may also use information from other websites to target advertisement for goods and services. This information is collected through a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address or any other personally identifying information about the visitor. You can read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
Top