https://www.historicaviation.com/privacy.asp
Call us at 800-225-5575
Shopping Cart
0 Items
Account Info
Request Catalog
Login
Conflicts
World War I
World War II
Cold War
Korea
Vietnam
Modern Conflicts
Models & Kits
Models
Kits
Civil Aviation
Hobby Master Models
Falcon Models
Luft-X Models
Eaglemoss Models
Wings of the Great War Models
Warmaster Models
Air Force 1 Models
Signature Series - Hand Signed by Heroes
Forces Of Valor
Aviation 72
R/C
R/C
Figures
Scale Figures
Statues
Bobbleheads
Signs & Art
Metal Signs
Posters
Art Prints
Stan Stokes
Calendars
Wood Signs
Books & DVDs
Books
DVDs
Audio CDs
Apparel
T-Shirts with Attitude
Caps
Shirts
Pants
Jackets
Accessories
Access.
Reproductions
Artifacts
Home Decor
Games
Puzzles
Games
Software
SPECIALS
Pre-Order Central
Books CLOSEOUTS
Model & Kit CLOSEOUTS
DVDs CLOSEOUTS
Apparel CLOSEOUTS
Sign CLOSEOUT
Home Decor CLOSEOUTS
Misc CLOSEOUTS
Sale
Featured Products
Stan Stokes Prints
E-MAIL SPECIALS
Social Media Offers
Men's Vitamin Club
Hot New Products
Privacy Policy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for HistoricAviation.com
Privacy Policy
Historic Aviation is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all its web site visitors. The following policy describes what kind of personal information we collect, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
Information Collection and Use
Historic Aviation collects personal information from you at several different points on our web site such as when you order a product, request a catalog, opt-in to receive our emails, etc. This information may include your name, shipping and billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, etc. and is used for such purposes as fulfilling orders, responding to your requests and improving your shopping experience.
Promotional Information
Historic Aviation may use the information you provide us to send you marketing or promotional information. If you do not wish to receive Historic Aviation marketing emails, you may opt out of these lists by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of all Historic Aviation marketing emails. You can also email esales@HistoricAviation.com or call 800-225-5575.
Cookies
This web site uses cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We generally use cookies to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to our store. This data is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies if you do not wish to have them on your system.
Third Parties
Historic Aviation partners with third parties to perform services on our behalf. At times these service providers need information about our customers in order to provide such services. When Historic Aviation shares your information with these service providers, we require them to maintain your information in the strictest confidence and do not permit them to use it in any way other than for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites which are operated and maintained by third parties. Please be aware that Historic Aviation is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each web site before disclosing any personal information.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. Historic Aviation's servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with browsers such as Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc., to protect the security of your online order information. While no computer system can guarantee 100% security, we strive to protect your personal information with the security measures we implement.
Policy Changes
Historic Aviation may periodically update or modify this policy without prior notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies. For this reason, we encourage you to visit this page often. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@HistoricAviation.com.
About Us
Company Info
Privacy Policy
Site Map
My Account
Login
View Cart
Register
Customer Service
Contact Us
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping and Handling
Requests
Request Catalog
Become an Affiliate
Discover thousands of products at all of our websites:
Go to: www.MilitaryIssue.com
Go to: www.HistoricAviation.com
Go to: www.HistoricRail.com
© 2020 Historic Sales. All Rights Reserved.