https://www.footpetals.com/terms-of-use
Menu
Shoe Inserts
Category
Shop All Inserts
Arch Support
Ball of Foot
Back of Heel
Bottom of Heel
Insoles
Narrow Feet
Spot Cushioning
Featured
Best Sellers
Kits & Sets
Poron
Technogel
Shoe Solutions
Category
Shop All Solutions
Boots & Booties
Flats & Casual
Heels & Sling Backs
Sandals & Flip Flops
Sneakers
Featured
Product Finder
Tips for the Perfect Fit
Footwear
Kits & Sets
Shoe Care
Category
Shoe Cleaner
Shoe Protection
Shoe Refresher
Wedding
Category
For the Bride
Bridal Party
Mother of the BrideWedding Guest
Account
Support
Call:888.237.3668Email:service@footpetals.com
Account
Home
Site Terms & Notices
Site Terms & Notices
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By accessing or using this website, mobile application or other Stable Step, LLC. product or service (collectively the "Site") on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device (collectively, "Device"), you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and any other applicable law, whether or not you are a registered member of Stable Step, LLC. Stable Step, LLC. may change these Terms of Use at any time, and the changes will be effective when they are posted to the Stable Step, LLC.. Your continued use of the Site shall be considered your acceptance to the revised Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site.
THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT OFFER MEDICAL ADVICE
The content on all websites associated with the Stable Step, LLC., including, but not limited to, the text, graphics, images, links, and other materials are for informational purposes only. The content is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, and does not constitute medical or other professional advice. Reliance on any information provided herein is solely at your own risk.
PHYSICAL ACTIVITY NOTICE
The Site may include features that promote physical activity. Consider the risks involved and consult with your medical professional before engaging in any physical activity. Stable Step, LLC. is not responsible or liable for any injuries or damages you may sustain that result from your use of, or inability to use, the features of the Site. Reliance on any information provided herein is solely at your own risk.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property on the Site (except for User Generated Content) is owned by Stable Step, LLC., which includes materials protected by copyright, trademark, or patent laws. All trademarks, service marks, trade dress and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by Stable Step, LLC. or its affiliates. All content on the Site (except for User Generated Content), including but not limited to text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content ("Content") is a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws and is the proprietary property of Stable Step, LLC.; All rights reserved. By using the Site, you acknowledge Hygenic's ownership of and interest in the intellectual property and agree not to challenge the validity or enforceability thereof.
SITE USE RESTRICTIONS
You may use the Content only for your own non-commercial use to participate in the Site or to place an order or purchase Stable Step, LLC. products. You agree not to change or delete any ownership notices from materials downloaded or printed from the Site. You agree not to modify, copy, translate, broadcast, perform, display, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, display, post, transmit or sell any Intellectual Property or Content appearing on the Site, including User Generated Content (defined below), without Hygenic's prior written consent, unless it is your own User Generated Content that you legally post on the Site. You agree not to use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering methods. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall be interpreted as granting any license of intellectual property rights to you.
PRODUCT ORDERS
All orders placed through the Site are subject to Stable Step, LLC.'s acceptance. This means that Stable Step, LLC. may refuse to accept or may cancel any order, whether or not the order has been confirmed, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or anyone else. If your credit card has already been charged for an order that is later cancelled, Stable Step, LLC. will issue you a refund. Stable Step, LLC. attempts to ship products in an effective and timely manner, but we cannot guarantee the condition of the products or a specific timeframe due to the nature of the shipping and fulfillment industry.
SAFEGUARD YOUR USERNAME/PASSWORD
You are responsible for any actions that take place while using your Stable Step, LLC. accounts. Keep your usernames/passwords secure and do not allow anyone else to use your usernames/passwords to access the Site. You agree to immediately notify Stable Step, LLC. of any unauthorized use of your account. Stable Step, LLC. is not responsible for any loss that results from the unauthorized use of your username/password, with or without your knowledge.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
"User Generated Content" is communications, materials, information, data, opinions, photos, profiles, messages, notes, website links, text information, music, videos, designs, graphics, sounds, and any other content that you and/or other Site users post or otherwise make available on or through the Site, except to the extent the Content is owned by Stable Step, LLC..
You, and not Stable Step, LLC., are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site. We do not have an obligation to review the contributions posted to the Site, but you understand that we may refuse to post or remove any of your contributions at our sole discretion.
ELIGIBILITY AND REGISTRATION
To become a member of the Stable Step, LLC. Site, or post User Generated Content, you may be required to register for an account. You agree to provide accurate and current information about yourself in all registration forms on the Site. This Site is intended solely for users who are thirteen (13) years of age or older and it is a violation of these Terms of Use for anyone under 13 to register for the Site. You represent and warrant that you are 13 or older. Your account may be deleted without warning if you misrepresent your age, whether older or younger.
STABLE STEP, LLC.'S RIGHTS TO YOUR POSTING
Your User Generated Content is not confidential or proprietary. You grant, and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Stable Step, LLC. a non-exclusive, non-revocable, worldwide, transferable, royalty-free, perpetual right to use your User Generated Content in any manner or media now or later developed, for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, including the right to translate, display, reproduce, modify, create derivative works, sublicense, distribute, assign and commercialize without any payment due to you.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT COMPLAINTS
If you believe that your work has been improperly copied and posted on the Site, such that it constitutes infringement, please provide us with the following information: (1) name, address, telephone number, email address and an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on his/her behalf; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) a description of where on the Site the material that you claim is infringing is located; (4) a written statement that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (5) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. These requirements must be followed to give Stable Step, LLC. legally sufficient notice to Stable Step, LLC. of infringement. Send copyright infringement complaints to:
Legal Department (Copyright)961 Seville Rd, Wadsworth, OH 44281Telephone: 888.237.3668Fax: 330.336.9462
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice with Stable Step, LLC.'s copyright agent, because there may be penalties for false claims.
LINKS
The Site may contain links to websites, applications or other products or services operated by other companies ("Third Party Sites"). Stable Step, LLC. does not endorse, monitor or have any control over these Third Party Sites, which have separate terms of use and privacy policies. Stable Step, LLC. is not responsible for the content or policies of Third Party Sites and you access such Third Party Sites at your own risk.
MOBILE SERVICES
The Site contains services and features that are available to certain mobile Devices. Your carrier's normal rates and fees apply. Not all mobile services will work with all carriers or Devices. By using Stable Step, LLC.'s mobile services, you agree that we may communicate with you by electronic means to your mobile Device and that certain information about your use of these services may be shared with us. If you change or deactivate your mobile phone number, you must promptly update your account information to ensure that we don't send your messages to a different person.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Stable Step, LLC., its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against all claims, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, arising from or relating in any way to your User Generated Content, your use of Content, your use of the Site, your conduct in connection with the Site or with other Site users, or any violation of these Terms of Use, any law or the rights of any third party.
PRIVACY
Our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use, further describes the collection and use of information on this Site.
USER INTERACTION DISCLAIMER
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other people, whether online or in person. Stable Step, LLC. is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage resulting from any interaction with other Site users, persons you meet through the Site, or persons who find you because of information posted on, by or through the Site. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other users on the Site, and conduct any necessary investigation before meeting another person. Stable Step, LLC. is under no obligation to become involved with any user dispute, but may do so at its own discretion.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
Stable Step, LLC. is not responsible or liable for any User Generated Content or other Content posted on the Site or for any offensive, unlawful or objectionable content you may encounter on or through the Site. The Site, User Generated Content, Content, and the materials and products on this Site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Stable Step, LLC. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness or rehabilitation for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Stable Step, LLC. cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Site. Stable Step, LLC. does not represent or warrant that the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that any defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes the Site available are free of viruses or anything else harmful. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Stable Step, LLC. does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials or Content in the Site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, reliability or otherwise. You understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain Content at your own risk, and that you will be solely responsible for your use and any damage to your mobile Device, computer system or other Device in which you access the Site, loss of data or other harm of any kind that may result. Stable Step, LLC. reserves the right to change any and all Content and other items used or contained in the Site at any time without notice. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Stable Step, LLC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS Site OR THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE Site OR THE CONDUCT OF OTHER Site USERS (WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE) OR ANY USER GENERATED CONTENT, EVEN IF Stable Step, LLC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE Site. YOUR ONLY REMEDY AGAINST Stable Step, LLC. FOR USE OF THE Site OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE Site. THAT SAID, IF Stable Step, LLC. IS FOUND TO BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS WHICH IS IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH YOUR USE OF THIS Site OR ANY CONTENT, Stable Step, LLC.'S LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED US$100.00. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; DISPUTES
This Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio. You hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts in Medina County, Ohio in any such legal action or proceeding.
You agree that all disputes, actions, and claims relating to you access to or use of the Site and all matters arising out of or related to these Terms of Use (except for legal action taken to seek an injunction or other equitable relief related to the Site or user generated content, or claims related to the validity or enforceability of your or our intellectual property rights) (collectively "Dispute") will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), federal arbitration law, and laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to choice of law principles.
You furthermore agree that any Dispute will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. You are giving up the right to litigate (or participate in as a party or class member) all Disputes in court before a judge or jury. Instead, all Disputes will be resolved before a neutral arbitrator, whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. Any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator's award.
In the event of a Dispute, you or Stable Step, LLC. must give the other a Notice of Dispute, which is a written statement that sets forth the name, address and contact information of the party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief requested. You must send any Notice of Dispute by U.S. Mail to Stable Step, LLC. at Attention Arbitration, Stable Step, LLC., 961 Seville Rd, Wadsworth, OH 44281. You and Stable Step, LLC. will attempt to resolve any Dispute through informal negotiation within 60 days from the date the Notice of Dispute is sent. After 60 days, you or Stable Step, LLC. may commence arbitration. You are not required to wait 60 days to file a small claims action.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. You agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence or in Medina County, Ohio. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, Stable Step, LLC. will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submission, or in person by following the AAA rules. In a Dispute involving $10,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could.
You agree that the making of claims or resolution of Disputes pursuant to this agreement shall be in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, consolidated, or representative proceeding. You agree that to the extent permitted by applicable law, that any and all Disputes will be resolved individually in the forum designated in this section, without resort to any form of class action.
To the extent permitted by law, any Dispute to which this section applies must be filed within one year in small claims court or in arbitration with the AAA. The one-year period begins when the claim or Notice of Dispute could first be filed. If such a Dispute isn't filed within one year, it's permanently barred.
If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY DURING A CLAIM
You agree to co-operate and assist us in defending any claim brought against us by a third party that arises from your breach of these Terms of Use and you will allow us to handle any such claim.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision in these Terms of Use is held invalid, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue to be enforceable. If any provision in these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and the remaining provisions are still valid and enforceable.
TERMINATION
Stable Step, LLC. reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate your account, delete your profile and any of your User Generated Content, and restrict your use of all or any part of the Site for any or no reason, without notice, and without liability to you or anyone else. Stable Step, LLC. also reserves the right to block users from certain IP addresses or Device numbers and prevent access to the Site. These Terms of Use remain in effect even after your account is terminated. The Terms of Use relating to Intellectual Property, Indemnification, User Interaction Disclaimer, Warranty Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Miscellaneous, Severability and terms that by their nature may survive termination shall survive any termination.
CHANGES TO THE SITE AND THESE TERMS OF USE
The Site and the Terms of Use may be changed by Stable Step, LLC. and the changes will be effective when they are posted to the Site. Please review the Site periodically for changes. If there are material changes, we may send you notice of the change by e-mail or through other methods on the Site. Continued use of the Site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.
IF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE IN FULL, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY TERMINATE YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Effective: 1/12/2020Last Updated: 1/12/2020
Customer Service
frequently asked questions
customer service FAQ
accessibility statement
shipping & order status
shipping methods & costs
check order status
change or cancel order
item availability
international inquires
payment information
payment methods
sales tax
promotions & discounts
returns & exchanges
returns & exchanges
refunds
my account
sign in
create an account
warranty
warranty
retailers
testimonials
authorized retailers
become a retailer
legal
terms of use
privacy policy
become a retailer
internet advertising policy
contact us
© 2020 Foot Petals. All rights reserved. Stable Step LLC. Terms of use Privacy Trademarks Internet Advertising policy