http://www.largeart.com/policies/terms-of-use.aspx
Home
|  About Us
|  Customer Service
|  About our Sculptures
|  Bronze Plaques
|  News & Events
|  Contact Us
|
Checkout
Terms of Use
Contact us if you have any questions
about our products, policies or for any
feedback, comments or questions.
We can be reached by phone, email postal
mail, or fax:
The Large Art Company
6500 Old Harford Road
Baltimore, MD 21214
(800) 785-4Art (4278) toll free
(410) 426-3844 local and direct
(410) 426-3945 fax
info@largeart.com
email
Payment Options
Privacy and Security
Returns
Shipping
Sales Taxes
Terms and Conditions
Copyright
Payment Options
Online purchases from The Large Art
Company must be made using a credit
card.  We accept Visa, MasterCard
and American Express credit cards.
We also accept personal and business
checks.  For governmental
agencies and institutions we also
accept purchase orders.
Safety
Entering your credit card
information at The Large Art Company online is safe.  We have taken the
necessary steps to ensure your payment information is processed with accuracy
and confidentiality.
Store Name
Your purchases will appear as
"The Large Art Company" on your credit card statement.
Privacy and Security
We at The Large Art Company are committed
to protecting your privacy.  We use the information you provide during
online purchasing to process your online orders only.  We do not sell,
trade or rent your personal information to others.  The Large Art Company may
release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is
reasonably necessary to either comply with law, enforce or apply the terms of
any of our user agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of The
Large Art Company, our users, or others.
We collect no other personal information about you other than what you provide
during the checkout process.
Personal Information Collected
In order to process your online order, we require your name, email address, credit card number, expiration date,
the name and billing address of your credit card, shipping address if different
than your credit card billing address, and a contact phone number.  This allows us to process and fulfill your order and
to notify you of your order status.
Protecting Your Personal
Information
When you provide us your
personal information to process your online order, we receive this information
using a secure Internet server employing the industry standard secure
transmission protocol known as SSL (Secure Socket Layer).  SSL encrypts all
personal information you send us, ensuring that this information is sent to us
in a private and secure manner.  Once received, all of your personal
information is protected against unauthorized access.
A
The Large Art Company representative will only ask you for credit card information if
they are taking an order placed by phone.  We will never contact you by
phone or email to ask for your credit card information.  If you receive a
phone call or email requesting such information - DO NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL OR
FINANCIAL INFORMATION.  Instead, contact us by phone, fax or email below and let us know that you have
been contacted.  The Large Art Company representatives may contact you by phone
or email to confirm the details of your order if required for fulfillment.
Consent
By using our website, you
consent to the collection and use of your personal information by The Large Art
Company.  If we change our Privacy policy, we will post the changes to this
page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it
and under what circumstances we disclose it.
State Sales Taxes
For all The Large Art Company
purchases, sales tax will be charged where The Large Art Company is required by law
to charge tax. We will charge the applicable City, County and State sales and or
use taxes in the following states:  Maryland.
Orders processed for all other US states do not require The Large Art Company to
charge sales tax at this time.
Taxes that appear on your online order
are approximate. The actual taxes
charged to your credit card will reflect
the applicable state and local sales
taxes, and will be calculated when your
order is shipped. Orders shipped to MD will
have all applicable local and state sales taxes added to your total order, and
to your shipping charges where appropriate.
Returns for Online Purchases
Returns
We want you to be satisfied with anything you order from The Large Art
Company. If for
any reason you are not, please email us
at
sales@largeart.com
and we will
facilitate any returns.
Please see
our guarantee for additional
information
Shipping Methods and Options
Sculptures weighing less
than 120 pounds are sent by
UPS or fedEx. We use state-of-the-art
packaging which includes
completely wrapping the
sculpture in bubble wrap and
then filling the box with
spray foam that completely
envelops the sculpture so
that it will not shift in
transit.
Larger sculptures are sent
by truck.  The
sculpture is completely
wrapped in bubble wrap and
placed on a pallet.
Then a wood frame is built
around the sculpture and
covered in cardboard.
When the sculpture arrives
at a trucking terminal in
your they will call you to
schedule a mutually
convenient delivery time.
The trucks are quipped with
a lift gate so you do not
need any type of loading
dock to receive the
delivery.  The driver
will get the sculpture off
of the truck and will use a
pallet jack to move it a
short distance so that it is
out of the way. Relax - we
specialize in large art so
we have done this many times
before.
Note that generally truck
drivers to not offer
installation services.
We have heard of drivers
willing to help for a
generous tip, but we
recommend you do not plan on this..
Multiple Shipping Addresses
You may ship items to separate mailing addresses ONLY by placing separate orders for
each destination.
Shipping to a P.O. Box
For select large items (noted in the
item descriptions), we ship these items
by UPS.
Because of UPS limitations, The Large Art Company cannot ship large items to a Post Office box.  UPS requires a street address for all deliveries.  Please be sure to enter
a complete shipping address for all online orders where the item description
states shipment by UPS.
International Orders
International shipping costs may vary.
Please contact us at
sales@largeart.com
to
place your order.
Terms of Purchase
The terms and conditions set
forth in these terms of purchase (this ("Agreement") and the "Terms of Access"
constitute
the entire agreement between The Large Art Company ("Large Art") and you
(the "Buyer") concerning product purchase through the Website.  Capitalize
terms used herein shall have the meaning as defined herein, or if not defined,
as defined in the Terms of Access.
1. Offer and Acceptance
By ordering a product on the
Website, Buyer shall be deemed to have made an offer to buy the specified
product from Large Art pursuant to this Agreement.  The acceptance
and fulfillment by Large Art of any order placed on the Website is subject
to Buyer's acceptance of all of the terms of this Agreement.
2. Prices, Availability and Taxes
Prices of product on the
Website are subject to change at any time without notice.  All products may
not be available in all areas.  Product availability is subject to change
at any time and Large Art makes no representations of warranties
regarding product availability. Buyer shall be responsible for any tax or other
governmental charge due to the sale, use or delivery of the product, including,
but not limited to, Sales Tax, Use Tax, Retailer's Occupational Tax, Gross
Revenue Tax, Value Accrued or Value Added Tax, and Transportation Tax. All
applicable taxes and other charges will be added to the purchase price.
3. Payment
When ordering products on the Website,
Buyer may use American Express, Discover
MASTERCARD or VISA.
large Art will accept checks, but we
require that they clear through the
bank before shipping.  Large Art will not accept COD
orders. If Buyer fails to pay for any products
received, Large Art shall have the right, in addition to other remedies,
to suspend or cancel further deliveries, and to proceed in any court of proper
jurisdiction against Buyer for all amounts due to Large Art, including,
but not limited to, attorney fees, costs and interest.
4. Shipping, Title and Risk of Loss
Large Art will ship products using the shipping method selected by
Buyer on the Website. All sales are made F.O.B., the shipping point. Large Art shall use reasonable efforts to cause products to be delivered to Buyer
by requested delivery dates, but shall in no event be liable for any losses or
damages caused by delay or non-delivery of products. Buyer shall be responsible
for all shipping charges. Title and risk of loss in the products shall pass to
Buyer upon Large Art' (or its agent's) delivery to the carrier at the
shipping point.
5. Returns, Changes and Cancellation
See our Returns policy.
6. Disclaimer of Warranties
SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING NONINFRINGEMENT,
THE PRODUCTS, OR THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE PRODUCTS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES. Buyer
is solely responsible for determining the suitability of the products for the
uses and applications contemplated by Buyer. Buyer assumes all risks and
liabilities arising out of possession, use, or resale of the products, whether
used singly or in combination with other material, including, but not limited
to, any risk or liability based on alleged negligence on the part of
Large Art.
7. Buyer's Representations
Buyer represents that he/she has the requisite power and authority to enter
into this Agreement and to perform the obligations under this Agreement. Buyer
represents that he/she has provided accurate information to Large Art in
purchasing products through the Website and that his/her offer to purchase
products complies with all applicable laws. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that
he/she is solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations concerning Buyer's purchase, possession, use, or resale of the
products. Buyer further represents that he/she is familiar with the characteristics of the products,
and will comply with all laws, regulations, and standards applicable to the
possession, handling, processing or use of the products by Buyer, including, but
not limited to, the Occupational Safety & Health Act of 1970.
8. Indemnification
Buyer shall defend, indemnify and hold Large Art and its suppliers,
including, but not limited to, their affiliates, agents, assigns, attorneys,
employees, insurers, officers, predecessors, representatives, and successors,
harmless from and against all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses
(including, but not limited to, those related to injury or to death of Buyer or other persons) arising from or connected with (a) a breach by Buyer
of this Agreement or (b) the possession, handling, use, or resale of the
products by Buyer or others, including, but not limited to, any claims alleging
negligence on the part of Large Art. Large Art may participate in
the defense of any such claim for the further protection of its own interests.
9. Limitation of Claims
Without limiting the scope of any other terms and conditions herein, any and
all claims related to products sold to Buyer through the Website shall be made
within thirty (30) days after receipt of the product to which the claim relates,
or if for non-delivery, after the scheduled delivery date thereof. Buyer's
failure to give Large Art written notice of any claim within the
applicable time period shall constitute an absolute and unconditional waiver of
such claim. In no event shall Buyer commence any action against Large Art
related to products sold to Buyer through the Website later than one year after
receipt of the product giving rise to such action.
10. Limitation of Liability
Without limiting the scope of any other terms and conditions herein,
including Large Art' disclaimer of warranties, no claim of any kind,
whether as to products delivered or for non-delivery of products, or otherwise,
and whether based on contract, breach of warranty, negligence, strict liability,
indemnity, contribution, or otherwise, shall be greater in amount than the
purchase price of the products in respect of which damages are claimed. IN NO
EVENT SHALL Large Art BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS OR
GOOD WILL, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER
BUYER'S CLAIM IS BASED ON CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, INDEMNITY, CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY CLAIM
THAT SUCH LOSSES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE TO Large Art OR ANY FAILURE
OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.
11. Force Majeure
Without limiting the scope of any other terms and conditions herein,
Large Art shall not be responsible or liable for any delay or failure to
deliver any or all of the products for causes beyond its reasonable control,
including, but not limited to, any cause or circumstance which makes
impracticable the production, transportation or delivery of the products. Large
Art may cancel an order to the extent the quantity not delivered is
due to any such cause or circumstance. In no event shall Large Art be
obligated to purchase products to replace any quantity not delivered due to any
such cause or circumstance. In the event of any cause or circumstance excusing
Large Art, Large Art shall have the right to allocate any
remaining product supply among its customers, including those not under
contract, in a fair and reasonable manner, and Buyer hereby releases Large Art from responsibility or liability for any resulting incomplete fulfillment
of Buyer's order.
12. General
a) No waiver by either party of any breach of any terms or conditions
contained herein shall be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of the
same or any other terms or condition herein. Nothing contained herein shall
limit the remedies of Large Art in the event of Buyer's breach of this
Agreement.
b) All notices related to this Agreement shall be in writing. The parties
expressly agree that electronic communications shall be considered "writings"
for all purposes under applicable law. If notice is not sent by electronic
communications, notices shall be deemed given when delivered to or deposited in
the United States mail, first class, postage prepaid, and, if to Buyer, sent to
the address identified by Buyer when registering to purchase products through
the Website and, if to
Large Art,
6500 Old Harford RD Baltimore, MD
21214.
c) If any terms and conditions herein are held to be invalid or unenforceable,
such holding shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other term
or condition herein.
d) These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed under the laws
of the State of Maryland, United States of America, without regard to conflict of
laws principles. Any legal action with respect to any transaction subject to
this Agreement must be commenced within one year after the cause of action has
arisen. Any actions arising out of products purchased through the Website shall
be commenced in the state or federal courts of Maryland. Buyer agrees to submit
to the jurisdiction of these courts and waives any claim that venue is improper
for any reason in these courts.
Copyright
Please read this Copyright Notice
carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your consent
to the terms of this Copyright Notice. If you do not agree to the Terms, please
exit the site.
Terms
1. You should assume
that everything you see, read or hear on this site is protected by copyright,
design right and/or other intellectual property rights unless otherwise stated
and may only be used in accordance with these Terms. The Large Art Company does not
warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this site will not
infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with The Large Art
Company. Images, illustrations, graphics, text, etc, are either the property of
The Large Art Company or third parties who have licensed their rights to
The Large Art Company. The use of these materials by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is
prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms. Any unauthorized use of
the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws and/or other regulations
and statutes.
2. The trademarks, logos and designs displayed on the site, are the property of
The Large Art Company or third parties who have licensed their rights to
The Large Art Company. Nothing contained on the site should be construed as granting, by
implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark
displayed on the site without the written permission of The Large Art Company or such
third party that may own the trademarks displayed on the site.
3. You may download, print and store selected portions of the content of the
site provided that you (i) only use these copies for your own personal,
non-commercial use, (ii) do not copy or post the content on any network computer
or broadcast the content in the media, and (iii) do not modify or alter the
content in any way. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is
transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. The Large Art Company
reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you
download from this site. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download,
reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative
works from the content without obtaining written permission from The Large Art
Company in advance.
4. The Large Art
Company
has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this site and is not responsible for
the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this site. Your
linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
5. This site may contain links to other Web sites operated by third parties
other than The Large Art Company. Such links are provided for your convenience only.
The Large Art Company does not control such Web sites and is not responsible for
their content. The fact that this site contains links to other sites does not
mean that The Large Art Company approves of, endorses or recommends those sites, nor
does it imply any association with their operators. The Large Art Company disclaims
all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or
validity of any content on any other site and disclaims all responsibility for
any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from any
third party Web sites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through
links in this site.
6. The Large Art Company may at any time revise these Terms by updating this posting.
You are bound by any such revision and should therefore periodically visit this
page to review the current Terms to which you are bound.
7. These Terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of
Maryland, United States of America, without regard to conflict of laws
principles. Any legal action with respect to any transaction subject to these
Terms must be commenced within one year after the cause of action has arisen.
Any actions arising out of products purchased through the Website shall be
commenced in the state or federal courts of Maryland. User agrees to submit to
the jurisdiction of these courts and waives any claim that venue is improper for
any reason in these courts.
Questions?
Contact us at:
The Large Art Company
6500 Old Harford Road
Baltimore, MD 21214
(800) 785-4Art (4278) toll free
(410) 426-3844 local and direct
(410) 426-3945 fax
info@largeart.com
email
Categories
VeteransMemorials
ChildrenStatues
GardenSculptures
FredericRemington
WesternSculptures
HorseSculptures
SchoolMascots
WildlifeSculptures
Life-SizeAnimals
Life-SizeStatues
ClassicalStatues
Art Deco & Nouveau
AugusteRodin
FountainStatues
MiscellaneousStatues
Bronze Plaques
& Signs
Fallen SoldierMemorial
CustomSculptures
GiftIdeas!
COMING SOON!
About OurCollection
Not finding what you are looking for?
We have much more! Call or email us with your question:
info@LargeArt.com
or call (800) 785-4278
Customer Service
Frequent Questions
Ordering Information
Shipping Information
Search
Guarantee
Tips & Instructions
Entire
Mountain for sale in South Carolina
Home
|  Site Guide  |
Customer Service  |
How
to Order  |  Search  |
Shipping  |
About Large Art  |
Contact Us
Copyright
2007, The Large Art Company.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Use.