http://www.svenhards.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
We ship all orders UPS.
HOME
PRODUCTS
CONTACT
Privacy policy
Last modified: 2020-09-21
Introduction
United States Bakery ("US Bakery" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website ccbakingco.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by US Bakery or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
US Residents Only
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on or via our Website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using or visiting our Website, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@usbakery.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address and telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you; or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting further services or information. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Google Analytics. We use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about use of this Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this Website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this Website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
Mailchimp - We use Mailchimp for many of our emailing and marketing tasks. More information about Mailchimp's data practices may be found online at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of United States Bakery's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by United States Bakery about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of United States Bakery, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from US Bakery. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by US Bakery to promote our products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or by sending us an email stating your request to info@usbakery.com.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see the Your California Privacy Rights section below for more information.
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: info@usbakery.com. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may send us an email at info@usbakery.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. However, we DO NOT provide any information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit HERE.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
mydataprivacy@usbakery.comFranz Customer Service PO Box 14769 Portland, OR 97293(800) 518-8557
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.