http://www.wigs.com/apps/help-center
My Cart
Close
Wigs
Shop by Department
Women's Wigs
Men's Wigs
Kids' Wigs
Human Hair Wigs
Synthetic Wigs
Lace Front Wigs
Monofilament Wigs
African American Wigs
New Arrivals
Colored Wigs
Shop by Color
Gray Wigs
Blonde Wigs
Black Wigs
Brunette Wigs
Red Wigs
Rooted Wigs
Shop by Hairstyle
Bob Wigs
Pixie Wigs
Layered Wigs
Straight Wigs
Curly Wigs
Wavy Wigs
Short Wigs
Mid-Length Wigs
Long Wigs
New to Wigs? Start Here
Find Your Wig Size
Understanding Color
Human vs. Synthetic Hair
How to Wash a Wig
Expert Wig Tips
Human Hair
Synthetic
Lace Front
Hair Pieces
SHOP HAIR TOPPERS
Shop By Coverage
Shop By Length
Shop By Hair Fiber
Toppers Guide
All Hair Toppers
Women's Hair Toppers
Men's Hair Toppers
SHOP HAIRPIECES
Hair Extensions
Bangs & Fringes
Ponytails
Hair Buns
Hair Wraps
Headbands
Falls & Half Wigs
Hats & Headcovers
All Hairpieces
HAIRPIECE EDUCATION
Using Hairpieces for Hair Loss
Hairpiece Attachment Methods
Women's Hair Loss Solutions
How to Care for your Hairpiece
Human Hair vs. Synthetic Hair
Brands
A - F
AMORE
AMY GIBSON
BEAUTIMARK
BELLETRESS
EASIHAIR & EASIPIECES
ELLEN WILLE
ENVY
ESTETICA
FOREVER YOUNG
G - N
GABOR
HAIRDO
HEADLINE IT
HIM
ILLUSIONS
JON RENAU
NORIKO
P - Z
POP
RAQUEL WELCH
RENE OF PARIS
TRESSALLURE
VIVICA FOX
WALKER TAPE
WIG PRO
Reviews
Care
SHOP HAIR CARE PRODUCTS
Human Hair Care
Synthetic Hair Care
All Hair Care & Styling Products
SHOP ACCESSORIES
Brushes & Combs
Caps, Liners & Bands
Clips
Color Rings
Heat Tools
Tapes & Adhesives
Wig Storage & Travel
Wig Band NEW
HOW TO CARE FOR YOUR HAIR
How to Wash a Wig
How to Care for Wigs Hairpieces & Extensions
The Difference Between Human & Synthetic Hair
Expert Tips
NEW
Wigs
/
Wigs.com
Wigs Help Center
Store Policies
Orders
Order Processing
Orders may take between 1-3 business days to process before
shipping out. After orders are captured in our system, if you would like to
make any changes to your order or cancel your order, please call our Client
Care Representatives at 1-800-581-2001 or email at orders@wigs.com. Our
Representatives are available during our business hours of 8:00am - 6:30pm
(CST) from Monday - Friday (excluding holidays). Note: Once your order’s status is set to “shipped” we are unable to
make any changes or cancellations.  Once shipped, orders arrive within the time frame selected
(US Ground, US Air, US Express,  Canada
Air or International) during checkout on Wigs.com. If there are any shipping
delays, you will be notified via email.
Incorrect billing information and/or shipping to an
alternate address may cause shipping delays and additional charges. Any
typographical, photographic, or specification error in products or pricing is
subject to correction. We will notify you of any corrections or changes and ask
for your approval before we complete your order.
Payment Options
We accept all major credit cards & PayPal*All Credit Card charges will appear as Beauty&Hair for
your privacy.  Packages will ship from Beauty & Hair.For your convenience, we also accept cashier's checks and money
orders. No personal checks, please.*In order to comply with PayPal’s best practices
standards, all orders placed using PayPal will be captured within 24-48 hours
from the order placement.
Tracking Your Order
For the most efficient service,
please be sure to register an account with us!  Go to www.wigs.com. If you are using your phone or tablet,
click on the ‘Account’ button located under the Wigs.com logo. If you using a desktop or laptop, click on the ‘Account’ button
located above the search bar on the righthand side. Follow the login prompt by
entering your email and password. Once you’ve logged into your account, under the
‘Order History’ section and click on the Order you are wanting to track. If
your order has shipped, a UPS or USPS tracking number will be added under the
Product information.
Once your order has shipped, you will
also receive email updates from UPS or USPS with shipping and tracking information to
the email address you used to place your order.
Changes to and Cancellation of Orders
Orders may only be modified within 2 business hours from
being placed as long as your order’s status is not set to “shipped.” Wigs.com
begins processing very quickly in order to ship as soon as possible.
If you would like to make any changes to your order or
cancel your order within the 2 business hour time frame, please call our Client
Care Representatives at 1-800-581-2001 or email at orders@wigs.com. Our
business hours of 8:00am - 6:30pm (CST) from Monday - Friday (excluding
holidays).
Price Match Guarantee
If you find any item we carry at a lower price on a
competitor's website, Wigs.com will match the competitor’s price.The
competitor must be an authorized US internet retailer advertising
the identical product online.The
product must be advertised on the competitor’s website not by email or
written price quote and must not include any discounts or coupons.Since
wigs.com only sells unopened items, we will not match competitors’ bonus
or free offers, special offers, rebates, clearance or closeout prices, or
prices on used, damaged, returned, open box or display merchandise.Price
matching cannot be combined with any other coupons or offers.Price
matching can be completed by our Client Care Representatives before you
purchase or within ten (10) days of your purchase.To request a price match simply call our Client Care
Representatives at 1-800-581-2001 or email hello@wigs.com during our business
hours of 8:00am – 6:30pm (CST), Monday – Friday (excluding holidays).
Backorders
Occasionally backorders occur when requests for a particular
item exceed available inventory.If a backorder occurs on your ordered product, we will
contact you via email with the estimated arrival date of your product and you
will be given the option to: (1) select a new item, (2) request to be placed on
a priority waitlist to receive the product once it becomes available for
shipment (Note: we will complete the charge to the payment method used with
your original order), or (3) cancel the original order. If we do not hear back
on which backorder option you choose, backorders are canceled after 80 days and
credited back to their payment source.We will promptly ship the item(s) once they become available
with the original shipping method selected at checkout. For international
orders containing multiple products, we do not ship partial orders. Therefore
your order will be shipped when all products ordered are available, unless you
advise us otherwise.
For more information, please contact us by phone at
1-800-581-2001 or by email at orders@wigs.com.
Discounts
Discounts and coupons are limited to one per order (i.e. you cannot use a sale coupon code in combination with your points coupon code in the same order). Color rings, donations, WigSECURETM, WigSECURE CrystalTM , and select BeautiMark accessories are excluded from all discounts.
eGift Cards
Wigs.com eGift Cards expire after 5 years, and the number may be used to purchase any merchandise online at Wigs.com.
Coupons and other discounts may not be used to purchase eGift Cards. If purchase
exceeds the value of an eGift Card, a credit card may be used to complete the
order. Value may not be added back onto an eGift Card, nor can it be redeemed
for cash or applied as payment or credit to a credit card account. When
purchasing with a Wigs.com eGift card number, the value of the purchase plus
any shipping fees and sales tax, if applicable, will be automatically deducted
from the giftcard. Remaining balance may be checked by calling 1-800-581-2001.Recipient's email address
will be used solely for the delivery of the eGift Card. Delivery to an
incorrect or invalid email address is the responsibility of the purchaser. It
is important to safeguard the Wigs.com eGift card number. The bearer is
responsible for its loss or theft. If an eGift Card is lost or stolen, and
there is proof of purchase, we will issue a replacement for the balance shown
in our records and send to the same email address used for the original eGift
Card purchase.
Shipping & Handling
Flat–Fee Shipping & Handling
Note: Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our carriers (including UPS and USPS) are unable to guarantee delivery standards, so you may experience shipping delays to receive your order. We apologize for the inconvenience. For the cardholder's protection, the company reserves the
right to send orders to the billing address if a different shipping address
cannot be verified. Deliveries to APO/FPO/PO boxes cannot be time-frame
guaranteed nor can the package be tracked. We recommend all deliveries be made
to a physical address so packages can be tracked and delivered correctly. Flat–Fee ShippingWe offer 5 shipping options, plus FREE Shipping for US
Orders over $50 (except during sale events): ·
US Ground* shipping takes 4–8 business days:
$7.95·
US Air shipping takes 4–6 business days: $14.95·
US Express shipping takes 2–3 business days:
39.95·
Canada Air shipping takes 5–14 business days:
$29.95**·
International shipping takes 8–14 business days:
$54.95** *All shipping promotions apply to US Ground shipments only.
Note: US Air shipping is the required option for Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and
Alaska – US Ground shipping is not an option. **Wigs.com is not responsible for any duties, taxes, or
additional charges that may be charged by Customs for international deliveries.
Any refused international packages (including Canada) will only be refunded 50%
of the total order amount. Note: Ellen Wille items may only be shipped within
US & Canada; International shipping not available for this brand.
Signature Required
Note: While Wigs.com requires a signature for clients to accept
shipments/orders over $500, the client can have that waived through UPS My
Choice. However, we do not recommend waiving the signature requirement because
if the package is lost you have waived all liability; therefore, UPS cannot do
a trace investigation to locate or recover the package.
Additional Shipping Charges
For shipments returned to Wigs.com due to bad address
information or refusal upon delivery, there will be a $20 fee automatically
charged. Shipping and handling charges are non-refundable in the event of a
return of any kind. This applies to US orders only.
Shipping Delays
Shipping delays may occur due to holidays, natural
disasters, or carrier delays. Please keep in mind holidays and weekends do not
count as business days and should be considered when calculating shipping
times. If you need additional information, please email orders@wigs.com.
If you are concerned with weather delaying your order, check
the Service Alerts page on UPS or USPS for updated notices about shipping
delays due to weather.
Sales Tax
Wigs.com is required to collect sales tax in accordance with
each states’ respective sales tax laws. The appropriate charges will be added to
your order total during checkout and displayed on your final order
confirmation. If you have questions about your state’s sales tax, please
contact your State Tax Agency.
Exchange Policy
Your satisfaction is our goal. We accept returns on all eligible products within 30 days from the date the order is shipped. Please see our Return Policy below for our eligible product standards.
Returns
Return Policy
U.S Customers OnlyYour satisfaction is our goal. We will gladly accept returns on all eligible products*.You have 30 days to return the product to us from the date it was shipped to you. Return Policy updated on September 5, 2020.There are no restocking fees, however, there is an optional $7.95 pre-paid return shipping label, that we issue you, that's deducted from your refund amount, if used.We will process your refund within 3 to 5 business days from receiving your return. Please keep in mind your bank may have a delay in processing your credit back to your account (allow an additional 3 to 9 business days).Note: A wig hygiene guard is provided with every wig for use when trying the wig on. This helps to maintain the product’s eligibility for return.How To Return: Repackage your unused and unworn item(s) and follow the instructions on wigs.com/returns within 30 days of the Shipped Date. If you have any concerns about our Return Policy, please reach out to our Client Care Representatives at +1 800-581-2001 or email at sales@wigs.com.
How To Return
Visit www.wigs.com/returns to
initiate your return online.As of September 5 2020, there are no return/restocking fees on orders returned for store credit or refund within 30 days of order received. On this date and going forward, we will gladly accept returns on all eligible products where the product or packaging has not been altered, worn, or damaged no later than 30 days of the original ship date. When using the pre-paid label to return your order, a return shipping charge starting from $7.95 will be deducted from the return amount.To Return: Repackage your item(s) as received and ensure your item is sufficiently boxed
and secure. Print the return shipping label that you received from the www.wigs.com/returns page. By using
this return label, your return shipping charge will be deducted from your
refund or store credit. When packaging, ensure the RMA number is visible on the
outside of the box.   Any other address used will put your item at risk for getting lost in the mail, sent to the wrong company, or delaying your refund.
Return Product Eligibility
Wigs.com gladly accepts return of all eligible
products no later than 30 days from the original ship date. Altered packaging/product, worn, or damaged items are not
eligible for return. Eligible Products: In original factory condition (unaltered,
unworn, undamaged, containing no odor or signs of wear or styling product).Must have tags attached and in original
packaging.Item(s) must be returned within 30 days of the original ship date of the order.Ineligible Products:Worn items or items containing any signs of wear
including odor or styling product.Damaged packaging or product as well as discontinued,
closeout, and last call items.Hair Care items (including BeautiMark products) are not eligible for return if they have been removed from their original packaging (i.e. bubble wrap).Charity donations added at checkout are not
eligible for return/refund.Ineligible products received by Wigs.com will be
returned to you at your expense.
NOTE: We provide a complimentary wig cap in each
shipment for hygienic purposes. This helps to maintain the product’s
eligibility for return. In the event you return any wigs, please keep the cap
as a gift from us to you.
Policy Disclaimers
Policy Changes
Wigs.com reserves the right at our discretion to make changes to these policies at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes.
Fraud & Theft
CREDIT CARD FRAUD AND THEFT OF OUR MERCHANDISE IS ILLEGAL AND THOSE RESPONSIBLE WILL BE PROSECUTED
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Wigs.com respects and protects the privacy of our users. For
your privacy protection, all packages will ship from Beauty & Hair. The
word Wigs will not appear on the package.In an effort to provide the best service to our clients,
Wigs.com periodically sends out special offers and discounts via electronic
notice (email). At any time, you may unsubscribe to our notices by clicking the
Unsubscribe link at the bottom of Wigs.com emails or by sending an unsubscribe
email to hello@wigs.com. Beauty and Hair Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information
is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from Wigs.com
(the “Site”). PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain
information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP
address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device.
Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the
individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms
referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site.
We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.” We collect Device Information using the following
technologies:    - “Cookies” are
data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous
unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable
cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.     - “Log files”
track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP
address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and
date/time stamps.     - “Web beacons,”
“tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how
you browse the Site.  -
"Javascript" is a web technology that gathers data such as browser, device,
mouse coordinates, screen resolution, mouse clicks, page navigation, URLs that
help us to monitor and improve the website. Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a
purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including
your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including
credit card numbers, email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order
Information”).When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy
Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We use the Order Information that we collect generally to
fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment
information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or
order confirmations).  Additionally, we
use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Monitor and improve our website; andScreen our orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us,
provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or
services.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us
screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more
generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating
analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to
assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe share your Personal Information with third parties to
help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Shopify to power our
online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information
here:
https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use
the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information
here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics
here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to
comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search
warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise
protect our rights. BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISINGAs described above, we use your Personal Information to
provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe
may be of interest to you.  For more
information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network
Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by: FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous BING -
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by
visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection
and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access
personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal
information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise
this right, please contact us through hello@wigs.com to request your
information.Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we
are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have
with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to
pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your
information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the
United States.DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain
your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete
this information. CHANGES We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order
to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational,
legal or regulatory reasons.CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you
have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by
e-mail at hello@wigs.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Wigs.com, 12001 N. Central Expressway, Suite 950, Dallas,
TX, 75243, United States
Information Collection
We collect information from you in several different ways on
this Site. One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide
an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. For example, we can use
your personal information to:
help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to
enter information more than once.help you quickly find information, products, and services. help us create content that is most relevant to you.alert you to new information and products, promotions and
services that we offer.
(a) Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of
any Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form.
During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal
information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing
address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition,
we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization's
country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations.
This kind of personal information is used for billing purposes, to fulfill your
orders, to communicate with you about your order and the Sites, and for
internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your
order, your personal information may be used to contact you.
(b) Email Addresses. Several locations of the Site permit
you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to
register for a contest or sweepstakes; to request alerts which will notify you
of new brands, new product styles, or other new products; or to sign up for
email newsletters and special offers. Your participation in a contest or
sweepstakes is completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to
participate and disclose information to us. We use this information to notify
contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes. We may post on the Site
the names, cities and states, photos and/or videos of contest and sweepstakes
winners. By entering a contest or sweepstakes, you will be opting in to receive
our email newsletter and special offers. This will be disclosed in the official
rules governing the contest or sweepstakes.
(c) Phone Numbers for Order Notifications and Text Marketing (if applicable): By entering your phone number in the checkout and initializing a purchase, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 2 per month. You can unsubscribe from further text messages by replying STOP. Message and data rates may apply.
(d) Cookies and Other Technology. Like many sites, the Site
employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or
"action tags") to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and
your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored
as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most
Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser
to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but
if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site. We have
to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online
shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record
of your browsing activity and purchase. THE SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT
INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our
cookies are not "spyware."
(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us
determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many
times. For example, any electronic image on the Site, such as an ad banner, can
function as a web beacon.
(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help
tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may
employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as
which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount).
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is
not linked to any personal information collected by us.
(iv) As an example, Facebook collects certain information
via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what
products are purchased. Please note that any information collected by Facebook
via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal
information collected by us.
(e) Log Files. As is true of most web sites, the Site server
automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site. We
may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address, Internet service
provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification,
internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may
indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)
(f) Age. The Site is a general audience site. Protecting
children's privacy is important to us. By using the Site you represent and
warrant that you are either 18 years of age or older,or using the Site with the
supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do
not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to
assist you. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information
from children under age 13.
(g) Product Reviews. You may choose to submit a product
review. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic
location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to
other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally
identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or
used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally
identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We
believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal
information.
Information Use and Disclosure
(a) Internal Use. We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites' content and layout, to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts (including marketing our services and products to you), and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site. In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under Beauty and Hair's control.(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes; to request us to notify you of new brands, new product styles, or product sizes; or to sign up for email newsletters and special offers. If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt-out section, below, for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.(c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection. We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Beauty and Hair's control, except that:(i) As do most catalog and Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such as United Parcel Service and the United States Postal Service) to ship products, to ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. In the example of shippers, we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number.(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in Data Security.)(iv) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.(v) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.(vi) We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.(vii) We may publicly disclose the names, cities and states, photos and/or videos of the contest and sweepstakes winners.
Data Security
To ensure your shopping experience is safe and secure, our site is designed to use 128–bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. This encryption keeps your personal information, including your credit card, secure from theft. Our site is also actively monitored 24/7 to make sure that we are always open, safe and ready for shopping.
Opt Out/Corrections
Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account; and/or (d) remove your saved credit card information. You can make these requests by telephoning, or emailing your request to Wigs.com's Client Care Representatives 1-800-581-2001 or hello@wigs.com.Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information.
Offline Collection, Use & Disclosure of Information
As you might expect from us, the majority of information
that we collect is obtained through the Site, and this Privacy Policy applies
only to that online collection of personal information. We also may collect information
offline, where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information.
One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions.
When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in
order to place the order or to answer the question. When we need to store
information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database
through SSL encryption. (See the Data Security section above for more
information). Another example involves faxes. If you fax something to us, we
will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will
shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information. There are other
ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, we suppose
someone could send us a letter including some return address information), and
this Policy doesn't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. As
we mentioned, we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures
consistently with our relevant online practices.
Updates to this Policy
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-581-2001 or hello@wigs.com.Effective April 2013
Concerns
If you believe your personal information has been misused or compromised, please contact us by email at hello@wigs.com by calling 1-800-581-2001
Terms of Use
Our Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting the Wigs.com Website operated by Beauty and Hair Products International, LLC ("Beauty and Hair") and its Affiliates. "Affiliates" includes any other entity controlling, controlled or under common control with Beauty and Hair, where "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management of an entity, whether through voting securities, contract or otherwise.Your use of this Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms"). We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms whenever you visit our Site.Wigs.com reserves the right to place customer accounts on hold or block customers due to missuse of terms.
Site Contents
Unless otherwise noted, all materials on this Site, including text, images, illustrations, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other intellectual property in such materials ("Content") are owned, controlled or licensed by Beauty and Hair and its Affiliates. Content is provided solely for your personal, noncommercial use. No right, title or interest in downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit Content in any way. We reserve the right to pursue all legal remedies for any commercial exploitation of Content.
Comments, Suggestions and Submissions
Any comments, reviews, suggestions, ideas, images, videos,
submissions or other communications submitted or offered to us ("Your
Comments") will be and remain the property of Beauty and Hair. Submission
of Your Comments, whether via email, postal mail, or otherwise, will constitute
an assignment to Beauty and Hair of all worldwide rights, title and interest to
all intellectual property rights in Your Comments. We will be entitled to use,
reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute Your Comments (or any part thereof,
in edited or modified form) for any purpose whatsoever, without compensation to
you. You agree that: Your Comments will not violate rights of any third party,
including but not limited to, copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal
or proprietary rights; Your Comments will not contain libelous, threatening,
defamatory or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene materials; and you will
not transmit any computer virus or other malware that could affect operation of
our Site.
Product Display and Information
We attempt to display the products featured on our Site as
accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's
display of merchandise color, texture or detail will be accurate. On occasion,
the Site may contain incomplete information, typographical errors, or
inaccuracies as to description, pricing, promotions, sizing, fabrication, color
or availability. We reserve the right to correct errors at any time without
prior notice (including after your order has been placed). Prices are quoted in
U.S. Dollars and are valid only in the United States. We reserve the right to
change pricing at any time.
The content provided on this Site (including Content and
Your Comments) is solely for informational purposes. It is your sole
responsibility to consult a licensed physician or qualified health care
professional for advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment of any health related
condition. Submissions or opinions expressed on this Site are that of the
individual expressing such submission or opinion and may not reflect our
opinions.
International Access
This Site may be accessed from countries other than the United States and may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of the United States. Any such references do not imply that such products will be made available outside the United States. If you access and use this Site outside the United States you are responsible for complying with your local laws and regulations.
Site Transactions
We reserve the right to refuse any order placed with us or
to limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order.
These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer
account, the same credit card and/or orders that use the same billing and/or
shipping address. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that appear,
in our sole judgment, to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors. If we
limit or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you through the email,
billing address or telephone number you provided when the order was placed.
Risk of Loss
Title to the items purchased and therefore the risk of loss pass to you upon our delivery of the items to the carrier pursuant to our standard terms of sale.
Your Account Security
We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this Site. Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the Site in a manner consistent with the Terms, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the Site. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY ASSIGNED TO YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE. You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this Site's security.Please see further discussion of site security in our Privacy Policy.
Links to Other Websites
This Site may contain links to websites owned and controlled by third parties. These links are provided solely for your information and convenience. We have no control over or responsibility for third party websites which you use at your own risk.
Disclaimer
This Site and Content are provided on an "as is"
basis without warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without
limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property. We disclaim any duty to
update or revise Content although we may modify Content at any time without
prior notice. Your use of this Site is at your sole risk and you assume full
responsibility for any associated costs. We will not be liable for damages of
any kind related to or arising out of your use of this Site.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Beauty and Hair
(including their officers, directors, employees and agents) harmless from and
against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys'
fees, related to or arising out of your use of the Site and/or your breach of
the Terms.
Dispute Resolution, Choice of Law and Forum
In the event of any claim, action or dispute related to or
arising out of any Wigs.com transaction, your use of this Site, or the breach,
interpretation or validity of the Terms, ("Dispute"), the party
asserting the Dispute will first attempt to resolve such Dispute in good faith,
by providing written notice to the other party (via certified mail, return
receipt requested or express delivery carrier) describing the facts and
circumstances (including any relevant documentation) and allowing the receiving
party at least thirty days in which to respond to or resolve the Dispute. If to
Beauty and Hair, notice will be sent to Beauty and Hair, Attention: Legal
Department, 12001 N. Central Expressway, Suite 950, Dallas, Texas 75243. If to
you, notice will be sent to your last used billing address or the billing
and/or shipping address in your online profile. Both you and Beauty and Hair
agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent to the
filing of any litigation against the other. Any claim or action initiated by
you related to or arising out of your use of this Site or the Terms will be
resolved only by state or federal courts located in Dallas County, Texas. The
Terms will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas,
without regard to any conflict of laws provision.
Miscellaneous
Waiver of any of the Terms will not be deemed a waiver of
any other Terms or of our right to require strict adherence to any Terms at any
time. If any Terms are deemed unenforceable or invalid for any reason, that
provision will be severable from remaining provisions, which will remain in
full force and effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us
relating to your use of this Site. Effective: April 2013Updated: February 2019
FAQ's
Where do I begin?
Start with our Wig Buyers Guide
Shopping for a wig can be challenging, especially if you don't know exactly where to start. Our Wig Buyers Guide is here to help. It guides you through the steps to finding your style! You can also speak with one of our resident wig experts at 800.581.2001, M-F 8:00am-6:30pm CSTLEARN MORE
Questions About Wearable Hair
What are the differences between human hair and synthetic hair?
There are advantages to both and many people choose to have human hair and synthetic hair wigs on hand for different circumstances. Human Hair offers the most natural look and feel as well as styling versatility. While typically more expensive, with proper care, human hair can last over a year. Synthetic hair tends to be a more affordable choice and offers great ease of wear — wigs can often be worn right out of the box with little or no styling.LEARN MORE
What should I keep in mind about heat-friendly synthetic hair?
If you enjoy styling versatility, human hair or heat-friendly synthetic hair are the way to go. While human hair offers the most natural look and feel plus styling versatility, heat-friendly synthetic hair also allows heat styling (optimal temperature of 250-275 degrees — never go above 350 degrees). Proper care is vital to keeping heat friendly hair looking its best. A wide tooth comb should be used (not a brush) and it is best to avoid combing while wet. Use of product specially designed for synthetic hair, such as BeautiMark, can also help maintain the quality and condition of the hair. We also recommend detangling spray! With proper care, heat-friendly synthetic hair should last up to a few months.LEARN MORE
What are the different types of wig cap construction?
Constant innovation in technology allows for increasingly wearable and comfortable wigs! The base of any wig is referred to as a cap. The hair is attached to the wig cap using a variety of techniques to achieve different looks. On most wigs, hair is attached in "wefts." These are strips of hair doubled over and sewn closely together in long strands. Others are hand-tied for the most natural movement. If you like to wear your hair swept away from your face, lace front wigs are the best option. If you like parting versatility, we recommend full monofilament wigs. 100% Hand-Tied and double monofilament wigs are known for being gentle on sensitive scalps.LEARN MORE
How do I figure out my wig size?
Many wigs come in petite, average and large sizes. Average size wigs, however, tend to fit about 95% of customers. We have a guide that will help you measure your head to determine the best size!LEARN MORE
How should I go about choosing color?
We aim to make shopping for the right color online just as easy as in a store (or easier)! After you have found a style you like, it is time to check out your color options — there are often dozens. If you are new to wigs, consider staying close to your natural color (you can always have fun experimenting with color later). Only at Wigs.com will you find the TruColor™ approach to displaying color options. We capture our TruColor™ images in an extremely controlled studio environment making them the most consistently accurate available. You can also order color rings or make use of our expert color consultation services by submitting a photo or hair swatch (just download this form).LEARN MORE
Are color swatches 100% accurate?
Hair color images are presented to give you a visual representation of color options for each item. However it must be noted that on screen representations do not necessarily precisely represent actual colors due to variable monitor calibrations. Additionally, the computer or device you use may have an impact on how colors appear. For example, Apple products tend to make colors appear slightly warmer. Wigs.com is proud to offer the most accurate color representation available with our TruColor™ program.LEARN MORE
How do I put on a wig?
After removing your wig from the box, take off the protective hairnet (if the style has one) and give it a good shake. If it is a ready-to-wear synthetic hair, you are ready to go! If it requires customization (such as trimming a lace front), we recommend you consult a hair stylist. Check out our salon locator to find local salons familiar with wearable hair.If you have a lot of your own hair, the first step is to gather it back and up. One great trick is to separate hair into two sections on each side of your head. Twist the hair as you pull it back and around the head so that it will eventually lay flat. This tactic can help avoid a pony tail bulge. You may choose to use pins, braids, wig caps (recommended) or a great product called Sure Grip to secure your hair. A wig cap can be helpful even without hair to keep wigs secure and in place.Hold your wig at the sides (ear tabs) and starting at the front, place it at your natural hairline. Slide it on toward the nape of your neck and shift as needed using the ear tabs to help center your wig. Adjustable straps at the nape may help to achieve a more secure fit. If handling a lace front wig, take care not to tug on the lace as it can be a bit delicate.Don't worry if it doesn't look perfect right away, start styling!
Are there tips for making my wigs appear more natural?
Human hair wigs tend to offer the most natural look but today, synthetic wigs can look very natural as well, thanks to great innovations in wig technology. Styles with lace front and monofilament features – or those that are 100% hand tied -- will also appear very natural. When it comes to choosing style, consider styles that will be most flattering given your face shape. Check out our guide. And as for color, it is often wise to stick close to your own natural color. Whatever you choose, a stylist can help you customize your wig to suit your preference. Consult our salon locator to find a salon near you familiar with wearable hair.
What wig choice is best for a sensitive scalp?
100% Hand-Tied or double monofilament wigs tend to be most gentle on sensitive scalps. Some people use wig caps to protect the scalp.Sure Grip by BeautiMark is a hypoallergenic comfort liner designed to add cushion — particularly at pressure points – to improve both fit and comfort.
What solutions are there if my head sweats a lot?
Not to worry! We offer a great solution with No Sweat Liners by HEADLINE IT!
How should I care for my wig?
Wigs come with instructions from the manufacturer that should be followed. When not in use, store your wig on a mannequin or wig stand to maintain its shape and wash only when necessary (roughly once every 10-14 days of wear but more often if your lifestyle or environment calls for it). We recommend BeautiMark care and styling products — consult our guide to caring for wearable hair for some great tips.LEARN MORE
Should I own more than one wig?
Yes! First the practical reasons. Wigs can last longer if not worn daily. You can be washing and air-drying one while wearing the other. If you wear human hair or heat-friendly synthetic hair, you can keep one styled straight and the other curly to reduce stress. Here is a tip we love: If you'd like your wig to be your secret, get two or three of your favorite style and ask your stylist to trim them in stages. You can create the illusion of hair growth and haircuts and no one will be the wiser! And if you're more the adventurous type, you can have a little fun with a whole host of different styles and colors.
Can I curl or straighten my wig?
Synthetic hair wigs can be irreparably damaged if you try to curl or straighten the hair with heat tools, unless they are Smart Heat tools. Consider human hair wigs for the ultimate styling versatility – you can curl or straighten them as you would your own hair.
Can I color my wig?
Most styles come in a number of colors, lessening the need to color. While synthetic hair cannot be dyed, human hair wigs can. But, it is a tricky process that should be handled by a hair professional only. We recommend only going darker, not lighter -- there is a lot of chemical processing involved in the making of a wig and additional manipulation can cause damage. We do not recommend bleaching or attempting to strip or lighten color on any human hair pieces.
What is the best way to store a wig?
A wig stand or mannequin is ideal. It will help keep the hair from becoming tangled and will help to maintain shape. Also, see if you can find a cool, dry spot to keep wigs in the best condition.
Can I swim or shower with my wig?
We do not recommend this. It can put too much stress on the hair and create unmanageable tangles. Also, pool chemicals and salt can damage the hair and affect color.
What are some ways to tackle thinning hair?
If you are thinning on top, at the crown or at the hairline, you may choose to wear a half wig, hairpiece or top piece in lieu of a full wig. Many blend in so naturally with your own hair, even experts are hard pressed to see them when in place. They are also a great option if you want to conceal greys or new hair growth between color touch ups. Learn more about how to cover or hide thin hair by using hairpieces.
What are the different types of hairpiece & hair extension attachment methods?
There are a lot of different kinds of hairpieces and hair extensions from bangs, to buns to ponys. And there are many methods of attachment to help secure the hair in place such as clips, wraps and combs.LEARN MORE
Questions about Wigs.com & Policies
What are the benefits of creating an account with Wigs.com?
It only takes a few minutes to set up your account. Once in place, you'll enjoy easy access to your order history for reference, tracking and quick reorders of your favorite styles. Plus checkout will be fast and efficient.
How can I place an order?
Online: Browse our selection, choose your item and designate desired color and quantity. Then click "Add to Cart". You can proceed to checkout from there.By phone: Call (800) 581-2001, M-F 8:00am-6:30pm CST to order from one of our in-house wig experts.By fax: Simply fill out this order form and fax back to (214) 722-1230. If unable to view, download Adobe Acrobat reader: Simply fill out this order form. If you have trouble with the form, just include a note that indicates the style name, style number, color choice, quantity, mailing address, contact information & shipping preference. Mail this with cashier's check or money order (no personal checks please) to:Beauty & HairMail Order12001 N. Central Expressway Suite 950 Dallas, TX 75243
Is my wig covered by my insurance?
Ask your insurance company about "cranial prosthesis". Learn more here.
Can I be sure that online payments are safe and secure?
Wigs.com ensures that all customer details and information, including contact and purchase information, are kept private and all transactions are processed through a secure credit card processing system.
Do you offer free shipping?
We are happy to offer free U.S. Ground shipping for orders over $50. Just enter the code SHIPFREE at checkout. Please note that free shipping cannot be combined with other offers.
Can I track my order online?
If you have created an account with us, sign in anytime to view your account and order history.CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT OR SIGN IN
What happens if I change my mind after I order?
We move fast! Our priority is getting items delivered to our customers as quickly as possible. We do, however, have a 2 hour grace period should you change your mind after placing an order. Changes can only be made to your order as long as the status of your order is not set to "shipped". Just call us at (800) 581-2001, M-F 8:00am-6:30pm CST. Read the return policy here.
How fast can I expect a credit to be reflected on my credit card account?
It may take 4-5 business days for your exchange/return to reach us. But once it is received, we move quickly to inspect items and process any refunds to be automatically applied back to your original payment method. While we usually take less than 3-5 days to manage this process, your credit card company may take from 2-10 additional business days to post credits to your account.
Are shipments discreet?
Yes! Your privacy is definitely a priority! Our shipments come from Beauty & Hair (the word "wigs" is nowhere to be found).
How can I submit a product review?
A comment about your experience with an item will be very helpful to other customers. Please do share your opinion, photos and/or video by clicking the "Add Your Review" link at the top of product pages. Don't forget to include the color you chose!Read the Terms of Use here.
How do I subscribe or unsubscribe from your e-mail list?
We love to keep you in the know about special promotions, new arrivals and more. It is easy to sign up and if you decide not to receive our email, simply click the Unsubscribe link included at the bottom of our email. You can always change your mind later if you miss hearing from us.
What are the wholesale opportunities?
If you own a hair salon, wig boutique or beauty supply store and are interested in offering our products to your clients, you should begin by submitting a request to participate in the Wigs.com Wholesale Program. Please email us at wholesale@wigs.com, call us at (800) 581-2001 or fax us at (214) 722-1230 and include the following information:Business NameType of BusinessYears in BusinessBusiness AddressBusiness Owner's NameDaytime Phone NumberEmail AddressBrands and/or products of InterestCopy of Business LicenseA wholesale representative will be in touch! Please note that to qualify for wholesale pricing, your initial order must meet or exceed $500. Wholesale purchases are not eligible for return. Please call us at (800) 581-2001, ext. 1 with any questions.
Do you have a press or advertising contact?
Email our press and advertising here: press@wigs.com.
Who should I contact with questions about employment opportunities?
Contact us at careers@wigs.com for information and questions about employment opportunities.
Contact support
Your Email
Message
Submit
Signup for Email Updates
Wigs
Human Hair
Synthetic
Lace Front
Hair Pieces
Brands
Reviews
Care
NEW
Join our Mailing List
Sign up to receive our daily email and get 50% off your first purchase.
My Cart
Subtotal: $0.00
Your cart is currently empty.