https://www.audioconnect.com/audio-connection-policy
Audio Connection Policy
HomeAudio Connection Policy
Audio Connection Policyverona-audio2019-10-03T19:37:41-04:00
Returns & Refunds
Most items can be returned within 30 days of receipt. Alignment protractors, stylus-force gauges, cleaning fluids and all other one-time-use products are not returnable. Custom order, special-order, closeout and discounted products are also not returnable.Custom orders may be subject to a 15% restocking charge. If you simply don’t like what you ordered, you can return it for an exchange or refund, but you are responsible for the original shipping charges as well as the return transit. If you receive a defective product, we will initiate a UPS pick-up or email you a shipping label. Once we receive the return, we’ll send you a replacement. All returns must be accompanied by a return authorization number. Please call us to obtain this number. Items damaged in shipment must be held for inspection by shipper. Failure to hold for inspection may prevent us from being able to replace them.
Ordering and Shipping Information
We normally process orders within 24 hours of submission, provided the billing information is verified and the items are in stock. Not all of the items on our website are in stock at all times. If there is a problem with your order, we will contact you as soon as possible. Keep in mind that we are closed on weekends and holidays.
PayPal Purchases We are now accepting PayPal orders with confirmed addresses. If you don’t have a confirmed address with PayPal, we will not be able to process your order. Orders over $100 will go through only if the shipping address is verified.
Shipping rates are calculated via UPS rates; our zip code is 07044.
Shipping rates increase for heavier items. To inquire for rates, email your address to contact@audioconnect.com. We generally do not ship turntables nor any other large components via USPS.
Rates vary depending on the weight of the parcel, the value of the items, and the destination of the package, so please inquire for quotes. Shipments via UPS and other major couriers may also be available. Check for prices by emailing contact@audioconnect.com. These charges are always the recipient’s responsibility.
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy. Our website and phone lines are secure, and your personal information is kept strictly confidential. We do not give nor sell your contact information to solicitors or third parties. You may be contacted only by Audio Connection for special information or other promotional purposes. If you wish to opt out please contact us at contact@audioconnect.com.
Request A Quote
Audio Connection Inc. 615 Bloomfield Ave.
Verona, NJ 07044
973-239-1799
Customer Service Contact Customer Support
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Privacy Statement
My Account
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Email *
Facebook
Twitter
Yelp
© 1980-2020 Audio Connection, Inc.