http://www.jekkasherbfarm.com/pages/jekkas-terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Close menu
About the farm
About us
Our story
Our history
In the press
Our awards
Jekka's gardens
At the farm
Available at Jekka's
Jekka’s Herbetum
Herb experiences
Open days
Find us
The team
The family
Careers at Jekka's
Friends of Jekka's
Online shop
Gifts
Online shop
Books
For the home
For the garden
Food & drink
Gift card
Jekka's gifts boxes
Herb seeds
All seeds
Basil seeds
For children
Jekka's kits
Jekka's top seeds
Seed collections
Veg seeds
Herb plants
All plants
For children
Herb boxes
Large herb plants
Looking good herb list
Online enquiry form
Open day coupons
Professional services
Contract grow
Garden design
Experiences
At the farm
Jekka’s Herbetum
Open days
Jekka's HerbFest
Group & private tours
Berkeley Castle joint visit
Events calendar
Master classes
All master classes
Art
Food
Garden
Friends of Jekka's
Master class gift voucher
Food & drink
Supper club
Herb based catering
Herb-based recipes
Discovery days
Team days
Herbetum tour
Venue hire
All about herbs
Jekka's tips
How to grow herbs
Climate change
Guide to soil
Jekka's blog
Jekka's videos
Herb-based recipes
Popular herbs
Herb families
Lavender
Mint
Oregano
Rosemary
Thyme
By use
Culinary
Herbal infusions
Medicinal
Pollinators
UK natives
By lifecycle
Annuals
Biennials
Evergreens
Perennials
Jekkapedia
Wishlist
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Terms and conditions
Please read our Terms and Conditions carefully before placing your order on Jekka’s Online Shop.
DATA
Your personal informationWe will only use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  We will use the personal information you provide us to supply the products to you, process your payment for the products and if you agreed to it during the order process, to inform you about events at Jekka’s Herb Farm.  However you can stop receiving these at any time by contacting us and requesting to be removed from our Mailing List.
How to contact usYou can contact us by either telephoning the Office on (01454) 418 878 between 8am and 4.30pm Monday to Friday, or by emailing sales@jekkas.com. Please visit our Our Details page for more information.
How we contact youIf we need to contact you we will either telephone or write to you at the email or postal address that you provided us with when you place the order.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information
VISITING THE FARM
Jekka's is a working farm and although we take ever precaution to make it accessible not all paths are level and unfortunately, we cannot control the weather. Please ensure you wear appropriate footware.
We are also not permitted to allow food on the farm outside of the cafe. Please refrain from picnics in the car park.
No pets are allowed in the herb farm.
Food at Jekka'sThe ingredients used at Jekka's in Master Classes or from the Cafe may include: almond flour, chestnut flour, sorghum flour, teff flour, rice flour, sweet rice flour, buckwheat, maize flour, millet flour, potato starch, tapioca, psyllium, coconut and chocolate . The food and courses are not suitable for nut allergy sufferers, although we may be able to accommodate nut intolerance.
For Master Classes please let us know at least a week in advance if you are vegetarian or follow a dairy-free, nut-free, corn-free diet or have food allergies not described above, so that we can cater for you. If you follow a dairy free diet, please specify exactly what you can and cannot have.
PRODUCTS
Our productsThe images of the products for sale on our site are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that your computer's display accurately reflects the true colour of the products. The colour of your products may vary slightly from those images.  Although we have made every effort to be as accurate as possible, sizes, weights, dimensions and measurements indicated on our site have a 5% tolerance.
AlcoholWe operate a ‘Challenge 25’ policy. Age verification is required by UK law for the sale of alcoholic drinks.  We use age verification softwares to check that we are not selling to those under 18 years of age; by ordering you are agreeing to our on-line checking of information that is already in the public domain.  If we are unable to verify your age in this way we will contact you directly to ask for proof of age (such as a copy of your passport or driving licence).
Herbal InfusionsNo medical or health benefits are suggested by drinking our Herbal Infusions. Special care should be taken when giving to children, in pregnancy or when suffering from an ongoing disease and we recommend that you seek the advice of a qualified health professional before consuming.
Please read the ingredients list prior to consumption. Some of our teas contain Liquorice, people suffering from hypertension should avoid excessive consumption.
PlantsIf you receive a plant that you believe is in bad condition, please contact us immediately, but no later than 14 days after its arrival. Please note, that plants look different depending on what time of year it is. For example, deciduous shrubs are likely to have no leaves in Winter and many perennial plants will not even show above the soil level in a pot during the winter. Please see the Jekkapedia page for the plant or our Frequently Asked Questions. However, if you are concerned, contact us (sales@jekkas.com) with a photograph of the plant within 14 days of delivery and we will be happy to pass the photographs to our plant experts to assess whether there is a problem.
SeedsIf any seeds that we supply prove to be defective (in regard to purity or germination) we will at our discretion replace the seeds free of charge or refund the payment made to us in respect of the defective seeds.  We will not consider this unless clear proof can be given that the seed grown and alleged to have performed unsatisfactorily was seed supplied by Jekka’s Herb Farm and that they have been stored correctly, sown in suitably prepared ground at the recommended time, treated carefully and correctly and subjected to such conditions as likely to produce a favourable crop.  All the seeds sold are trialled here at the nursery.
ToolsWe offer a full refund within 14 days of delivery, for any goods returned in an entirely unused condition, in their original packaging and fit for resale. We will refund the original order on receipt of the returned goods. Jekka's are not responsible for the returned goods while in transit, and are not responsible for loss or damage - we recommend you use a fully trackable service with adequate insurance.
HERB EXPERIENCES
Master Classes Once Master Class tickets have been booked they are non-refundable and, as a rule, non-transferable. However, if, due to unforeseen circumstances, you are unable to attend on the date of your booking, please let us know as soon as possible and we will make every effort to offer your booking to another customer.  If we are able to re-sell your place, we will refund your purchase price less an administration fee of £10.00.
Master Classes require a minimum of 6 people to attend; if this is not reached by 1 month prior to the Master Class date Jekka's will cancel the class and all attendees will receive a full refund and priority booking onto the next Master Class of their choosing.
Coronavirus update: If a Master Class is postponed due to Coronavirus, we will reschedule the Master Class once the situation becomes clearer and if you are unable to make that date, we will then offer you a Master Class gift voucher for the full cost of the course. Alternatively, if you are unable to attend due to Coronavirus restrictions we will then offer you a Master Class gift voucher for the full cost of the course.
Corporate Master Classes / Discovery DaysWe require a 30% non-refundable deposit to secure the booking and full payment at least 30 days ahead of the visit. Once Masterclass tickets have been booked they are non-refundable.
Group VisitsWe require a £50 non-refundable deposit to secure the booking and full payment at least 30 days ahead of the visit. Once payment has been received they are non-refundable. Maximum number of people is 30.
ORDERS
Your orderOur minimum order value for seeds and/or products/homeware goods is £10.
Acceptance of your order will take place when we email you confirming dispatch of the products. At the point we email you the dispatch confirmation, a contract will come into existence between you and us. The contract will relate only to those products which are included in the dispatch confirmation.
You will be provided with an order/invoice number at the time of ordering.  Please provide us with this number if you need to contact us about your order.
You must check all the details on this confirmation invoice are correct and contact us (sales@jekkas.com) as soon as possible if any details are incorrect. Jekka's accepts no responsibility for deliveries made to incorrect or incomplete addresses provided by customers. In this case, you will need to place a new order with the correct details. Please see below information regarding orders 'Returned to Sender'.
Please see our returns policy if you change your mind.
Dispatch timesOrders are dispatched as soon as possible and strictly in rotation, via Royal Mail within 7 days from our receipt of your order.  We offer the opportunity for goods to be be sent using the Royal Mail signed for service if required. The additional cost for this will be given at ‘Check-out’. Please see our Delivery Information page for details and examples rates.
In the event that your order does not arrive we will do our best to assist in tracking your order. In the event of non-delivery of your order we are unable to process a replacement order until 21 business days following the original shipment date.
For Farm Collection orders we require 48hrs notice and will email to confirm when your order is ready.
Customs and Import Charges  Duty is not applied to your delivery within the European Union, however outside the EU charges may apply. If you are unsure, please check with your local customs office as you will be responsible for paying any applicable customs duties, taxes and import charges on your delivery.
Purchasing seeds and products to be sent to countries outside of the EU is entirely at your own risk.  Although most countries allow the purchase of culinary herb seeds, we highly recommend checking with your local customs office before placing your order. You are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations of the country from which the products are purchased or to be delivered to.  Australia, New Zealand and South Africa have restrictions on importing seeds.
PricesWe reserve the right to increase prices, including delivery costs, without prior notice.  We endeavour to keep up-to-date prices available on our website. Please see our Delivery Information page for details and examples rates.
The price of a product on the website includes VAT (where applicable) at the current rate chargeable in the UK at the time the order is placed. However, if the rate of VAT changes between the date of your order and the date of delivery, we will adjust the VAT you pay, unless you have already paid for the Products in full before the change in VAT takes effect.
The price of a product on the website does not include delivery charges. Our delivery charges are advised to you during the check-out process, and dependent on which delivery option you choose before confirming your order. To check relevant delivery charges, please refer to our Delivery Charges Page.
LiabilityYour order will be sent via Royal Mail.  The products will be carefully packed to ensure that they reach you in perfect condition.  In the event of damage in transit, please notify the farm within 24 hours of receipt, either by calling 01454-418878 or emailing sales@jekkas.com, quoting the order/invoice number. Photographic evidence will be required.
Return to sender parcelsAll Jekka's parcels are marked with our address and contact information. If your products are returned to us by the postal service we will contact you to let you know.  If the product has been returned to us as a result of our error, we will re-send the product to you by standard post for no extra charge.
If you provide an incorrect delivery address and the order is returned to us, or you fail to take delivery, we will either:
redeliver the product to the correct address, if provided, subject to payment of additional delivery costs, or
refund the value of the product (excluding delivery costs) dependent on whether it remains in a resalable condition. You will be responsible for any additional charges incurred including re-delivery costs.
If the order is not returned to us, you will not be eligible for a refund or re-delivery. Jekka's accepts no responsibility for deliveries made to incorrect or incomplete addresses provided by customers. In this case, you will need to place a new order with the correct details.
Incorrect items sentWe endeavor to always send the correct item you have ordered but on rare occasion mistakes are made. Please contact us (sales@jekkas.com) as soon as possible and within 14 days of receiving the incorrect order. If the error is ours, we ask you to return the item to us and we will send the correct item to you.
All postage will be refunded assuming the product remains in reasonable sale condition. Please provide copies of postage costs to sales@jekkas.com.
GENERAL TERMS
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in us. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
For any questions please see our Frequently Asked Questions or feel free to Contact Us.
Sign up to our Newsletter
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"