http://www.worldfootballtravel.com/terms-and-conditions.html
World Football Travel Home
Soccer Travel Packages - Soccer Tours - Soccer Trips
Soccer Tickets - EPL Trips - La Liga Tours - Bundesliga Travel
EPL tickets
Arsenal tickets
FC Barcelona tickets
Man United tickets
Liverpool FC tickets
Man City tickets
Real Madrid tickets
FCB Travel Packages
Chelsea FC tickets
PSG tickets
Atletico Madrid tickets
Bayern Munich tickets
Barca tickets
MUFC tickets
Tottenham tickets
Schalke 04 tickets
Everton tickets
Manchester Utd travel
West Ham Utd travel
Bor Dortmund tickets
Ajax tickets
Benfica boletos
LFC travel packages
Newcastle Utd trips
Fulham FC tickets
QPR tickets
Valencia CF entradas
Aston Villa tickets
Premier League travel
La Liga tickets
Bundesliga tickets
SuperLiga travel
Ligue 1 tickets
MLS Cup packages
World Cup tickets
EURO 2016 tickets
Champions League
Europa League trips
Women's WC travel
FA Cup tickets
FIFA Club WC tickets
Copa America tickets
Copa Libertadores
UEFA Super Cup trips
Olympics 2016 tours
DFB Pokal karten
Copa del Rey boletos
League Cup tickets
UCL tickets
London soccer tickets
Barcelona entradas
Madrid soccer tickets
Liverpool soccer tours
Paris soccer tickets
Munich soccer tickets
Manchester tickets
Lisbon soccer tickets
Porto tickets
Amsterdam tickets
England soccer tours
USA soccer packages
Socceroos tickets
EPL travel packages
World Football Travel>
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRICING
All prices are in US$ dollars and per person, unless specifically noted. Package pricing is based on the number of people sharing a room
unless otherwise noted. Prices include pre-commencement preparation and operation costs such as communication, documentation, etc. Travel
package prices and availability are subject to change without notice. Rate increases due to adjustment of airfare, cost of land arrangements
or international currency fluctuations will be passed on to the Client(s), provided these increases are advised to the Client(s) prior to
departure. Shipping & handling fees may vary and are not included unless noted.
HOTEL ROOM TYPES
Single = 1 person per room
Double = 2 people per room (1 Bed)
Twin = 2 people per room (2 Beds)
Triple = 3 people per room
Quad = 4 people per room
Suite = Junior Suite/Suite
ApartHotel = Maisonettes, Lofts or Apartment style Hotel rooms
HOTEL ACCOMODATIONS
Accommodations are subject to availability. For Land-Only packages (airfare not included) extra hotel nights are available upon request for
an additional cost. World Football Travel reserves the right to substitute hotels of equal rating/class or higher. Hotel ratings/class are
subjective and the Client(s) understands that hotels from nation to nation have different standards, for example a Four Star Hotel in Asia
might be comparable to a Three Star Hotel in the United States. Client(s) must also understand that they might be staying at non-American
standard hotels that do not offer air conditioning in rooms. Client(s) agree to be responsible for all incidental charges incurred in excess
of those covered by the package. Incidental charges can include food, beverages, telephone use, internet use, parking fees, and other hotel
charges. All hotels require a credit card or deposit for incidental charges at time of check-in. Most hotels expect departing guests to
vacate rooms by 11 AM and arriving guests to check-in after 3 PM to allow for cleaning and maid service. Host hotels do their best to
minimize inconvenience and store luggage if Client(s) arrive early or need to depart late. Big League Tours reserves the right to substitute
confirmed hotels with comparable accommodations at either their own or the hotel's discretion. Client(s) must check into the hotel room on
the scheduled arrival day of the package to avoid being considered a "no show". If a Client(s) is a "no show", World Football Travel is not
responsible for providing any portion(s) of the package to Client(s). Client(s) understand a hotel may not be able to accommodate early
check-ins, late departures, adjoined rooms or other desired preferences and that World Football Travel may not be held responsible for any
results of these preferences not being met. World Football Travel reserves the right to use any other room type of equal or greater capacity
for Client(s) at its sole discretion when needed (ie: a double bed for a package that was to include a twin) as long as it can accommodate
the number of guests booked. In rare occurrences during major events, World Football Travel may elect to use 2 or more hotels for group
bookings that require multiple rooms, Client(s) understand this and accept this situation if it occurs.
MATCH TICKETS
All tickets provided by World Football Travel are guaranteed to be 100% authentic. World Football Travel obtains tickets for events in
various forms and at different time periods. World Football Travel is not necessarily in physical possession of entrance tickets at the time
a booking is made or accepted. World Football Travel will be acquiring event tickets on the Client(s) behalf. Ticket upgrades, subject to
availability, may be provided at an additional cost. Tickets cannot be guaranteed together or sequential in quantities equal and greater
than two (2), odd numbers, specific rows or sections. Tickets provided by World Football Travel may not be sold, auctioned, advertised,
promoted, given as a prize in any external promotion/competition or transferred to anyone other than the originally intended Client(s).
Client(s) understand that some of the tickets they may receive from World Football Travel may have another individuals name or details on
them and that if the event calls for this information and that any denial by Stadium or Event staff for any reason is at their own risk and
responsibility and that World Football Travel can not be held responsible for any full or partial denial of match entry or viewing.
AFFILIATION
Client(s) acknowledge that World Football Travel is not affiliated with or the official club/team, federation, stadium, league, federation
or event organizer of the event(s) they are purchasing.
RETURNING TICKET CARDS
Certain match tickets given to Client(s) by World Football Travel might be in the form of a plastic reusable club card that is swiped upon
entry thru the turnstiles of a stadium. These cards are delivered and used in much the same way a paper ticket is used, except that they
need to be returned. Upon delivery of the tickets, the Client(s) will receive a note with the tickets in the delivery package of how to
easily return the card after use. The Client(s) agree that by purchasing from World Football Travel, that they are expressly agreeing to
return the club cards to World Football Travel or its representative at the conclusion of the match and should the club cards not be
returned expediently the charge card used to purchase the tickets will be charged for the full amount of all missed game(s) with a minimum
penalty of USD$300 per club card.
AWAY SEATING
World Football Travel requires that unless you are an Away supporter and sit within that section, that your seats are located with Home
supporters along the Sidelines and you refrain from wearing Away supporter colors or causing commotion. By purchasing, the Client(s)
recognizes that they are completely aware and accept that if for any reason Stadium/Event staff decides to confiscate their tickets, refuse
or deny them or their group entry to the match, that it is completely at their own risk, World Football Travel is not responsible for any
loss as a result of this and NO full or partial refunds whatsoever to their travel package are available should this occur. World Football
Travel asks ONLY for true Away fans to be seating in Away sections, where available and that the Client(s) understand that these sections
are not meant for young children, the feint of heart or disabled.
END & CORNER SEATING
Client(s) acknowledge that as with many sporting events the most rowdy fans occupy the most economical seats and in many cases this is the
End Seating behind the Goals and in the Corners of the stadium. By request and by purchase of End or Corner seats, the Client(s) accepts
that these seat locations might require them to stand for the full duration of the match, as other fans will be doing, that the surrounding
fans will be loud and may play musical instruments, that their vision may be impaired due to the location of the seats, flags and
standing/jumping fans, etc. The Client(s) accept that these seats are not ideal for watching or hearing the match to its fullest extent and
that World Football Travel is not liable for any impedance to their enjoyment or damage they may suffer.
AIRFARE (APPLIES ONLY TO PACKAGES THAT INCLUDE AIRFARE)
Most of our arranged base packages for sale do not include airfare, unless specifically noted. Round-trip airfare is available as an
Optional Add-On for our packages from most major gateways. Prices may vary due to location, date booked, number of stops, airline,
availability, etc. Flight check-in will begin two hours prior to scheduled departure time and Client(s) will be checked-in from a manifest
and issued a numbered boarding pass for open seating. No airline ticket will be issued; all that is needed is government issued photo
identification such as a driver's license for domestic flights or a passport for international flights. Flights will be operated in
compliance with all applicable Department of Transportation regulations and price may be adjusted on a pro-rata, per seat basis in
accordance with any fuel price, security fee or other increase passed through World Football Travel by the Direct Air Carrier. Client(s)
recognizes that World Football Travel is not the Direct Air Carrier and does not control the flight schedule. Client(s) agrees that World
Football Travel shall have no liability for any delays or change of schedule unless World Football Travel is the sole cause for such delay
or change of schedule. Should any delay or change of schedule occur, and should World Football Travel recover any amount as damages from the
Direct Air Carrier for such delay or change of schedule, World Football Travel agrees to share the net recovery with the Client(s) on a
pro-rata basis.
AIRLINE BAGGAGE FEES (APPLIES ONLY TO PACKAGES THAT INCLUDE AIRFARE)
All baggage fees charged by airlines are the sole responsibility of the Client(s). Failure to pay fees upon departure may result in that
airline restricting use of
the airfare(s). Checked baggage policies vary by airline, frequent flyer status, booking class, bag size and
weight. Fees may apply if (1) you plan to check a bag or (2) you plan to carry sports equipment or an odd-shaped item or (3) your bag
exceeds airline weight limits.
BAGGAGE
World Football Travel's travel packages do not include the transportation, storage or porterage of Client(s) baggage. If your bags are
missing or damaged during airport handling, report it to the direct airline carrier (ie: Delta) immediately. If during your trip you notice
any damage to bags or personal items, report the damage immediately to transportation providers or hotel staff.
TOURS & GROUND TRANSFERS
The Client(s) acknowledges that all ground transfers and tours included in their travel packages and confirmed by World Football Travel are
to be serviced locally and that the hotels that they are to be picked up from or dropped off too are located in the local cities or
immediate surroundings to the match(es) of the package. World Football Travel will have sole discretion to cancel or require additional
compensations for any tour or transfer where the client has to be picked up or dropped off beyond what World Football Travel deems is not in
the local vicinity. Client(s) are responsible for meeting their tourguides and drivers promptly at the time and place designated on the
Final Itinerary, failure to do timely or as a no-show will result in the cancellation of that travel package segment with no compensation
due the Client(s).
ACCOMODATION & AIR PREFERENCES
World Football Travel will pass on the Client(s) preference requests (such as special meals, seating preference, smoking rooms, wheelchair
access, etc.) to hotels and air carriers, but cannot make any guarantee that they will be able to accommodate these wishes. Upon flight
check-in, advise the gate agent about your meal and seating preferences. Upon hotel check-in advise the frontdesk staff of your preferences
to confirm. If additional fees are required by the hotel or air carrier for these requests, the Client(s) is responsible to pay these either
thru World Football Travel prior to departure or to the hotel or air carrier directly upon check-in at the hotel or airport.
OPTIONAL ADD-ONS
All Optional Add-Ons to base travel packages are subject to availability and price changes. Not all cities, facilities, suppliers and
organizations offer the same features and not all Add-Ons are available to add to every base package. In the cases where Optional Add-Ons
were booked and paid for, but cannot be facilitated for that package(s), World Football Travel will refund any payments made specifically
and only for those services, once the package is paid in full.
INCLUDED & EXCLUDED PACKAGE FEATURES
No features or benefits beyond those specifically mentioned on the specific Website page, printed material, advertisement or proposal are
included in our services. Airfare, meals, tours, on-site representatives, tour guides, translators, parties, luggage shipping and other
services are included only as specified. Passport or visa fees, sundry tips, optional sightseeing, baggage or personal insurance, hotel
incidental charges, airline baggage fees, airport departure taxes and personal expenses are not included.
SUPPLIER RULES & RESTRICTIONS
Separate Terms & Conditions will apply to your reservation and purchase of travel-related goods and services that you select. Please read
these separate Terms & Conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the Terms & Conditions of purchase imposed by any supplier with whom you
elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the supplier's rules and restrictions
regarding availability and use of fares, products, or services. You acknowledge that some third-party providers (including but not limited
to: Event Organizers, Ticket Regulations, Stadium & Facility Regulations, Hotels, Air Carriers, Ground Transportation, Tour Guides, Meal
Providers, Restaurants, Hospitality Providers & Tour Providers) offering certain services and/or activities may require you to sign their
liability waiver prior to participating in the service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such supplier's
rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your reservation(s), in your being denied access to the applicable travel product or
services, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such reservation(s), and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result
of such violation.
BOOKING & PAYMENT
Full payment or a deposit with recurring payment schedule (mutually agreed by Client(s) and World Football Travel) is due at the time of
booking in order to confirm reservation. World Football Travel intends to provide Client(s) with the package they have purchased, at the
price in effect at the time of the booking. Payment is to be made in the form of credit card (MasterCard, Visa, American Express or
Discover), PayPal, World Football Travel Gift Certificate, check (company, cashiers or personal), money order or bank wire transfer of
immediately available funds payable to World Football Travel. Client(s) authorization to use credit card number for deposit and/or final
payments indicates Client(s) complete compliance with these Terms & Conditions, whether or not they have actually signed the appropriate
draft. Verbal authorization of your credit card confirms the Client(s) reservation. World Football Travel will confirm reservations by phone
or email upon receipt of Client(s) booking commitment and deposit. The balance is due in our account no less than 120 days prior to
departure. For bookings received within 120 days of departure, full payment is due upon confirmation. If payments are not received by the
due dates, the event services to be provided may be considered null and void at the sole discretion of World Football Travel and any
payments to date will be forfeited.
TAXES
Included are all presently known government and local taxes on included services.
PAST CLIENT DISCOUNTS
World Football Travel offers its past clients a 5% discount on future travel packages. Past Client(s) must have paid and completed their
travel package with World Football Travel first before receiving the discount for future purchases. The discount is limited only to the
Client(s) who have paid for a travel package through World Football Travel. All other offers and discounts are invalid and cannot be added
with Past Client Discount. This offer is subject to availability and use at the sole discretion of World Football Travel. The Past Client
Discount only applies to the Gross Cost of the travel package and does not apply to applicable taxes, credit card fees, payment plan fees
and shipping & handling charges.
CONFIRMATION & FINAL ITINERARY
After full payment has been received by World Football Travel from the Client(s), the Client(s) will receive an email with a copy of their
Invoice and a Confirmation that their package is confirmed. Client(s) should expect to receive their Itinerary approximately one to two
weeks before the travel package commences. Client(s) understand that this is mainly due to the many intricacies of this industry, including
Travel and the nature of Matches, which schedules can be changed. World Football Travel reserves the right and sole discretion
to send out
Confirmations and Itineraries in a manner of time that it sees fit and is not obligated to send the Final Itinerary out at any earlier than
one week before commencement.
DELIVERY/SHIPPING & HANDLING
World Football Travel may deliver tickets to the Hotel(s) of the Client(s) before the match but may elect upon its sole discretion to
deliver package itinerary, tickets and other printed materials to either a Client(s) Ship To address, but is not responsible for
non-delivery if the address supplied when booking is incorrect, the hotel being used is incorrect, no one accepts delivery, theft of
delivery, misplacement of delivery or anything else out of World Football Travel's direct control. Due to the method of an Event Organizer's
ticketing dispersion, short time-frames from booking to commencement or other reasons, World Football Travel cannot guarantee that a
Client(s) package will be delivered to the address specified by the client. World Football Travel may elect to deliver, via personal courier
or private delivery company, packages to a Client(s) hotel frontdesk, local World Football Travel Office, Stadium Will-Call or Box Office,
on-site representative or make some other arrangements with the Client(s) to receive the package in a timely manner. It is the sole
responsibility of the Client(s) and not World Football Travel to make sure they have picked up their delivery in a timely manner. The
Client(s) accepts fully that World Football Travel is not liable in the event the Hotel or its Staff fail to deliver the ticket package to
the Client(s). The Client(s) accepts that a member of the Hotel staff has the right to sign for the delivery of their package when it arrive
to the hotel on their behalf. If a ticket package delivery is not received at the hotel, Client(s) must report this immediately and prior to
match commencement to World Football Travel phone and email listed on Client(s) itinerary. World Football Travel does not guarantee the
ability to deliver to home addresses, overnight shipping or any specific shipping methods or destinations and if World Football Travel does
confirm the possibility of a custom shipping arrangement outside of the Local Delivery on the package quote, the Client(s) agrees to pay any
additional costs associated with delivery and shipping & handling for these special delivery arrangement.
DOCUMENTATION & PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION
World Football Travel can not obtain passports or visas for Client(s) directly or on their behalf. Client(s) are expected to have all
necessary and valid documentation including but not limited to passports, visas and vaccinations prior to departure. Failure of Client(s) to
obtain, use, retain or present valid identification does not in any way constitute grounds for a full or partial refund for unused travel
segments.
PHYSICAL DISABILITY
Any physical disability that may require special attention or treatment must be reported in writing and/or verbally when the reservation is
requested so that appropriate arrangements can be made. No guarantees can be made by World Football Travel that all arrangements via ground
and air transportation, stadiums, hotels and other facilities included in the travel package will be wheelchair or disability enabled. World
Football Travel cannot be held responsible for inability of Client(s) to fully or partially utilize any or all trip components. It is the
Client(s) responsibility to ensure all passengers are properly fit enough to travel and utilize their trip.
TRAVEL/TRIP CANCELLATION INSURANCE
Client(s) are highly recommended to purchase Travel/Trip Cancellation Insurance which is available at an extra cost thru a third-party
insurance company. Insurance would provide coverage in the event of trip cancellation or interruption, loss of baggage and medical
attention.
CLIENT CANCELLATION
World Football Travel has a strict NO CANCELLATION POLICY for any reason. If a Client(s) feels they may not be able to travel prior to
purchasing, World Football Travel recommends they either not travel or strongly recommends the purchase of Travel/Trip Cancellation
Insurance (see above). If a Client(s) elects to cancel all or any segment of their travel package and they communicate this to World
Football Travel they understand that World Football Travel is than under no obligation to deliver the cancelled segment or entire package.
CANCELLATION BY WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL
World Football Travel reserves the right to cancel any confirmed travel package, itinerary or feature; in which case all money received by
World Football Travel from Client(s) shall be refunded. Refund shall be made by World Football Travel in a payment manner of its sole
discretion (usually company check), and to be sent to Client(s) within 120 days of cancellation notification. World Football Travel's
liability is limited only to refunds of money received by Client(s). In order to ensure smooth running and enjoyable trips, World Football
Travel reserves the right to refuse to book and/or expel any Client(s) whose conduct is deemed by World Football Travel staff to be
detrimental to the well-being, safety and/or best interest of other Client(s), staff and the environment at-large.
REFUND POLICY
All payments made to World Football Travel are 100% non-refundable and non-transferable. No refunds or credits will be given for any reason
including but not limited to the following: reductions in group size, event postponement, event cancellation, flight changes, changes to
travel plans, unused tours, death, family emergencies unused portions of packages and failure of Client(s) to comply with the Terms &
Conditions listed herein. In an event of a reduction in group size, corresponding deposits of canceled Client(s) blocks are non-refundable
and non-transferable (e.g. to the balance of the remaining group). If cancellation by one or more Client(s) alters the room requirements of
the remaining Client(s), those Client(s) still traveling must pay the revised rate. We regret that we cannot make exceptions for personal
emergencies.
PACKAGE CHANGES
World Football Travel cannot guarantee any change whatsoever, no matter the reason given by the Client(s) for the need to make such a
change. World Football Travel MAY elect at its sole discretion to make a change for a client prior to commencement. The Client(s)
understands that a mandatory Change Fee of a minimum of USD$50 to an undetermined maximum to make the change may be enforced by World
Football Travel and that payment must be received immediately upon request in order for World Football Travel to confirm and enact the
changes. Client(s) agree that World Football Travel is under no obligation to make changes to a confirmed travel package and that failure to
do so by World Football Travel does not in any way constitute the failure of delivery of the originally sold package.
TRAVEL DESTINATIONS
Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may
involve greater risk than others. Worldfootballtravel.com urges passengers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and
advisories issued by the United States Government prior to booking travel to international destinations. Information on conditions in
various countries and the level of risk associated with travel to particular international destinations can be found at
www.state.gov,
www.tsa.gov,
www.dot.gov,
www.faa.gov,
www.cdc.gov,
www.treas.gov/ofac and
www.customs.gov.
It is Client(s) responsibility to obtain valid passport requirements and travel documentation requirements necessary before travel.
BY OFFERING FOR SALE TRAVEL TO PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO
SUCH POINTS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS,
INCLUDING PRICING ERRORS. IN PARTICULAR, WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND CORPORATE AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "WORLD FOOTBALL
TRAVEL COMPANIES") AND THE AFFILIATED, CO- BRANDED AND/OR LINKED WEBSITE PARTNERS THROUGH WHOM WE PROVIDE SERVICE (COLLECTIVELY, "WORLD
FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES") DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO
THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTION OF THE HOTEL, AIR, CRUISE, CAR AND OTHER TRAVEL PRODUCTS DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE PRICING, PHOTOGRAPHS, LIST OF HOTEL AMENITIES, GENERAL PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS, ETC.), MUCH OF WHICH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED BY
THE RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS. IN ADDITION, WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY PRICING ERRORS ON OUR WEBSITE
AND/OR ON PENDING RESERVATIONS MADE UNDER AN INCORRECT PRICE. IN SUCH EVENT, WE WILL OFFER YOU THE OPPORTUNITY TO KEEP YOUR PENDING
RESERVATION AT THE CORRECT PRICE OR, AT YOUR OPTION, WE WILL CANCEL YOUR RESERVATION WITHOUT ANY WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL CHANGE OR
CANCELLATION FEES.
HOTEL RATINGS DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE INTENDED AS ONLY GENERAL GUIDELINES, AND THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES AND THE WORLD
FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF THE RATINGS. THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL
AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAKE NO GUARANTEES ABOUT THE AVAILABILITY OF SPECIFIC PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. THE WORLD FOOTBALL
TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES ON THIS WEBSITE
AT ANY TIME.
THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE
SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND THE INCLUSION OR OFFERING OF
ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY THE WORLD
FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES OR THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS
IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS OR ANY EMAIL SENT FROM THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD
FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL
COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO
THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
THE CARRIERS, HOTELS AND OTHER SUPPLIERS PROVIDING TRAVEL OR OTHER SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR
EMPLOYEES OF THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, OR THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES. THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES AND THE WORLD
FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OF ANY SUCH
SUPPLIERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM. THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL
COMPANIES AND THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES HAVE NO LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO REFUND IN THE EVENT OF ANY DELAY, CANCELLATION,
OVERBOOKING, STRIKE, FORCE MAJEURE OR OTHER CAUSES BEYOND THEIR DIRECT CONTROL, AND THEY HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ADDITIONAL EXPENSE,
OMISSIONS, DELAYS, RE-ROUTING OR ACTS OF ANY GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL AFFILIATES, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, YOUR ACCESS TO,
DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR
RELIANCE UPON OPINIONS APPEARING ON THIS WEB SITE; ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES
OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THIS WEBSITE) WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF
NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL COMPANIES, THE WORLD FOOTBALL TRAVEL
AFFILIATES AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If, despite the limitation above, the World Football Travel Companies, the World Football Travel Affiliates or their respective suppliers
are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the
World Football Travel Companies, the World Football Travel Affiliates or their respective suppliers liabilities will in no event exceed, in
the aggregate, the greater of (a) the transaction fees assessed for your transactions on this Website, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars
(US$100.00).
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and
apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability
provided in these terms inure to the benefit of the World Football Travel Companies, the World Football Travel Affiliates, and/or their
respective suppliers.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
As a condition of your use of this Website (www.Worldfootballtravel.com), you warrant that
(i) you are at least 18 years of age,
(ii) you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation,
(iii) you will use this Website in accordance with this Agreement,
(iv) you will only use this Website to make legitimate reservations for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act,
(v) all information supplied by you on this Website is true, accurate, current and complete, and
(vi) if you have an Worldfootballtravel.com account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely
responsible for any use of your account by anyone other than you. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to
this Website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of this Agreement.
World Football Travel grants you a limited, non-transferable license to use this Website in accordance with these Terms & Conditions. You
may only use this Website to make legitimate purchases and shall not use this Website for any other purposes, including without limitation,
to make any speculative, false or fraudulent ticket or travel purchases or any ticket or travel purchases in anticipation of demand.
This Website and the content provided in this Website, including the text, graphics, button icons, audio and video clips, digital downloads,
data compilations and software, may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed, except that you
may download, display and print the materials presented on this Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use any
"robot," "spider" or other automatic device, or a program, algorithm or methodology having similar processes or functionality, or any manual
process, to monitor or copy any of the Webpages, data or content found on this Website, in any case without the prior written permission of
World Football Travel.
The content and information on this Website (including, but not limited to, price and availability of travel
services), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers.
While you may make limited copies of your travel itinerary (and related documents) for travel or services booked through this Website, you
agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from,
transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from or through this Website. You agree that you will
not transmit or otherwise transfer any Webpages, data or content found on this Website to any other computer, server, Website, or other
medium. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this
Website. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes a burden or load on our infrastructure that World Football Travel deems in
its sole discretion to be unreasonable or disproportionate to the benefits World Football Travel obtains from your use of the Website.
Additionally, you agree not to:
(i) use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;
(ii) make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or any reservation in anticipation of demand;
(iii) access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any
manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;
(iv) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or
limit access to this Website;
(v) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
(vi) deep-link to any portion of this Website (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any travel services) for any purpose
without our express written permission; or
(vii) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization.
Unauthorized use of this Website and/or the materials contained on this Website may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other
intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, including any other proprietary notices,
contained in the materials, and you must not alter, obscure or obliterate any of such notices. The use of such materials on any other
Website or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful,
threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute
or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. In addition,
you are prohibited from posting or transmitting any information which
(a) infringes the rights of others or violates their privacy or publicity rights,
(b) is protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right, unless with the express written permission of the owner of such right,
(c) contains a virus, bug or other harmful item, or
(d) is used to unlawfully collude against another person in restraint of trade or competition.
You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right, or any other
harm resulting from your use of this Website.
PRIVACY POLICY
We understand that making purchases online involves a great deal of trust on your part. We take this trust very seriously, and make it our
highest priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us. Please read the following policy
to learn about our privacy practices. By visiting our Website, www.Worldfootballtravel.com, you are accepting the practices described
herein.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you
("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and email addresses, and, in some cases, billing
information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, and expiration date). We also may request information about your traveler
preferences, including meal requests, seat selection, frequent flyer/hotel/car rental program information, and ticketing options. You can
choose not to provide information to us, but in general some information about you is required in order for you to purchase products or
services; complete a traveler profile; participate in a survey, contest, or sweepstakes; ask us a question; or initiate other transactions
on our Website.
When you make travel or other arrangements for someone else through World Football Travel, we will request personal information and travel
preferences about that individual. You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing World Football Travel with their
personal information and travel preferences, as any ability to view or change their information will be solely thru you the principal
Client(s).
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit World Football Travel. For example, we will collect your IP
address, Web browser software (such as Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer), and referring Website. We also may collect information
about your online activity, such as trips viewed and purchases made. One of our goals in collecting this automatic information is to help
customize your user experience.
When you visit World Football Travel, we may assign your computer a "cookie" (a small, unique identifier text file). For example, we may use
this when you sign-in as a World Football Travel member, we may record your member ID and the name on your member account in the cookie file
on your computer. We also may record your password in this cookie file, if you checked the box entitled "Save this password for automatic
sign-in." Note that member IDs, passwords, and any other account-related data included in such cookies are encrypted for security purposes.
You can always choose not to receive a cookie file by enabling your Web browser to refuse cookies or to prompt you before accepting a
cookie. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies from World Football Travel, you may not be able to access many of the travel tools
offered by World Football Travel.
World Football Travel uses sensitive billing information (such as cardholder name, credit card number, and expiration date) for the purpose
of completing the travel purchases you conduct on our Website. We use other information about you for the following general purposes: to
provide you with the products and services you request; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates; to manage your account,
including processing bills and providing travel notifications; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and
comments; to measure interest in and improve our products, services, and Website; to notify you about special offers and products or
services that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with World Football Travel; to reward you as part of any
reward and recognition program you choose to join; to solicit information from you, including through surveys; to resolve disputes, collect
fees, or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms & Conditions; and as otherwise
described to you at the point of collection.
We want you to feel confident about using World Football Travel to plan and purchase your travel, so we are committed to protecting the
information we collect. While no Website can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical
security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to
access personal information, and they only may do so for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your
sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent
unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
World Football Travel does not sell travel or other services for purchase by children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send
personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have
parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
If any part of the World Football Travel Website links you to other Websites, those Websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We
recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and
disclosing personal information.
World Football Travel may share your information with the following entities: Suppliers, such as hotel, airline, cruise, or car rental
companies, or activity providers, who fulfill your travel reservations. Throughout World Football Travel, all services provided by a
third-party supplier are described as such. We do not share your email address with these suppliers unless they need it to fulfill the
travel reservation you have made on World Football Travel, and we restrict their use of this information to that purpose. We do not place
limitations on our suppliers' use or disclosure of your other personal information. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy
policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through World Football Travel. Please note that these suppliers also may contact
you as necessary to obtain additional information about you or to facilitate your travel reservation.
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, business analytics, customer service,
marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs and fraud prevention. These companies have access to personal information needed
to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims;
or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and
defend the rights, property, or safety of World Football Travel, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms & Conditions and
other agreements.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of
bankruptcy.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our
advertisers the number of visitors our Website receives or what are the most popular vacation destinations. This information does not
contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
This Website may contain hyperlinks to Websites operated by parties other than World Football Travel. Such hyperlinks are provided for your
reference only. We do not control such Websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such
Websites. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this
Website or other Websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. Our
inclusion of hyperlinks to such Websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such Websites or any association with their
operators.
COPYRIGHT
This Website, together with the arrangement and compilation of the content found on this Website, is the copyrighted property of World
Football Travel and/or its various third-party providers and distributors. Much of the content found on this Website is owned by third-party
providers and distributors and, specifically, certain data relating to schedules is the copyrighted work of other information providers. In
addition, the trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on this Website (collectively, the "Trademarks") are registered and common law
Trademarks of World Football Travel, its affiliates, and various third parties. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as
granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Trademarks without the written permission of World
Football Travel, or such other party that may own the Trademarks.
DISCLAIMER & RESPONSIBILTY
World Football Travel agrees to offer its services to the Client(s) as a purveyor of accommodations, ground transportation, air
transportation, hospitality, meals, tours and tickets for admission to football/soccer events. World Football Travel is acting as an
intermediary and/or agent for suppliers in selling event services or in accepting reservations or bookings for event services which are not
directly supplied by World Football Travel. Services provided in conjunction with these tours are rendered by suppliers acting as
independent contractors and not as agents or employees of World Football Travel. World Football Travel therefore shall not be responsible
for breach of contract or any intentional or careless actions or omissions on the part of such suppliers, which may result in any loss,
damage, delay, or injury to
Client(s) or traveling companions or group members. All travel documents issued by World Football Travel are subject to the Terms &
Conditions specified by the individual suppliers and carriers and are subject also to the laws of the countries in which the services are
supplied.
Each Client(s) voluntarily assumes all risks and is advised to obtain appropriate insurance coverage against them. Each Client(s) receipt
and/or retention of tickets, reservations or bookings after issuance shall be consent to the above, and an agreement on your part to convey
the contents hereof to your travel companions or group members. The Client(s), by engaging World Football Travel and making deposits and/or
full payment for any tour or other arrangements, acknowledges that World Football Travel nor any director, officer, employee or other
representative shall not be held responsible for any disruption of travel and/or related services, injuries, damages, or losses caused to
any Client(s) in connection with but not limited to terrorist activities, hijacking, war, insurrection, monetary crisis, political/social or
labor unrest, acts of governmental or civil authorities, theft, mechanical or construction difficulties, defects in vehicles, diseases,
quarantines, local laws, climatic conditions, delays, abnormal conditions or development of any other actions, omissions or conditions
outside the control of World Football Travel. If matches are canceled due to weather, no rain-checks or refunds will be issued.
If an act of God, unavoidable accident, strike or other labor dispute, fire, riot or civil commotion, government action or decree, inclement
weather or any other event beyond the control of World Football Travel makes it impossible or illegal to provide tours, tickets, or any
element thereof, World Football Travel shall not be obligated to Client(s) in any manner.
World Football Travel is an independently owned and operated business.
Any reference to specific events herein is made only for the clear identification and reference for potential Client(s) of World Football
Travel and reference to a specific event is not intended to imply, nor should it be understood or assumed, that World Football Travel is
endorsed by, sponsored by, approved by or otherwise affiliated with the organizers and/or sponsors of events referenced herein. All logos
are property of their respective clubs and/or organizations and abide by the international laws of fair use.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT & ACCEPTANCE
You acknowledge that submission of this form does not constitute or guarantee a booking or any reservation at this time.
Your use of this Website is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions. By using this website, you signify your
assent to these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree with any part of these Terms & Conditions, you must not use this website.
Acknowledgement and acceptance from Client(s) of these Terms & Conditions must be received by World Football Travel along with required
payments in order to confirm any reservation.
search by:
Corporate ::
VIPs ::
Groups ::
Teams ::
Youth ::
Media ::
Administrators
Earn $ ::
Travel Agents ::
Tourism Agencies ::
Affiliates
About WFT ::
Contact Us ::
Sitemap ::
FAQs ::
Testimonials ::
Terms & Conditions ::
Jobs ::
Sell Tickets ::
Links