https://www.valleypecans.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Valley Pecans we are passionate with quality in everything that we
do. This includes our pecans, our website, and our store. As a result,
our customers know that they can trust us to provide not only quality
products, but a quality shopping experience. This trust can only be
achieved if our customers can count on their private information
remaining private. This privacy policy is to help you understand what
information we use, why we use it, and how we protect it.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
The personal information we collect from you, our customer, is provided
on a voluntary basis. We may however gather information, such as IP
address and site activity, from those who visit our site for the purpose
of understanding how we might better serve our customers. This
information is used for statistical purposes and will not be used to
divulge your identity.
Whenever you login, purchase products, or request information from
Valley Pecans you will be asked to provide certain information about
yourself such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number,
email address, credit card information, date of birth, gender,
occupation, personal interests, etc. This information will be stored in
our customer database and generally used to process your transactions,
confirm and track your order, and respond to your requests. We may also,
upon your consent, periodically send you information (via printed or
email communications) about our products and services, discounts,
special promotions, or upcoming events. This information will not be
provided to third parties except in the case that it is required by law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your hard drive that
helps us to understand your preferences and track your visit. We use
cookies to connect you to the information that you have previously
selected or entered and also to tailor our online store to better fit
your interests.
Changing Your Information
If for any reason you are receiving communications from us against your wishes, send us an email from our Contact Us page. Please include your name, email address, and indicate that you
would like to be removed from our list. We are not responsible for the
accuracy of the information that you provide us. You may at any time
modify, add, or delete your personal information in the My Account
feature of this website.
Security
We take every reasonable precaution in protecting your information from
loss or misuse including sophisticated encryption and authentication
technology. If you have any questions about the security of your
information please contact us from the Contact Us page.
Click on the seal to to see our verification
×
OK