http://www.learningresources.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQ
Shipping
Returns & Exchanges
Custom Product Inquiries
Privacy and Security
Terms of Use
Your Privacy
Learning Resources, Inc. and its affiliates, have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting our customers' personal information. We respect the privacy of our customers and take precaution to ensure any information submitted to us via our web site or via e-mail is handled appropriately. Information collected is used to assist in the processing of orders and other internal business operations. Learning Resources may share information collected with its affiliated companies, however, Learning Resources currently does not sell email addresses to third parties.
"Cookie" technology is used by Learning Resources to control the addition and deletion of items in a user's shopping cart as well as to provide the user with a better overall web experience. Cookies simply store alpha-numeric information to control the flow of data. Personal information (such as a user's identity or credit card information) is NOT stored in a cookie format and cannot be accessed by "peeking" at a user's cookies.
Those who communicate with and supply us with contact information may receive future communications by email, direct mail, or telephone. If you do not wish to receive correspondence from , you can send us an email with a request to be removed from our mailing list.
How We Gather & Use Your Personal Information and Content
During your communications with us, we use various methods of gathering your personal information to help ensure that your shopping experience is as efficient and accommodating as possible.
We collect information such as your name, billing and shipping addresses, phone number, email address, credit-card information, and certain demographic information. When you set up an online account with us, we also request a password to allow you secure access.
When you enter the "Customer Reviews" portion of our website, you will be linked to a website operated by Power Reviews, Inc. ("Power Reviews"), who we have hired to gather, transmit and disclose to us customers' reviews of our products and services. Upon being linked to the "Power Reviews" website, you will have the option to provide additional personal information about yourself including photographs, videos and/or other content containing your picture or likeness, in connection with your review (collectively "Content"). By submitting your review, you consent to Power Reviews gathering, receipt, use and disclosure to us, and our further use, of any and all Content that you submit, for the purposes described in this policy and as may be necessary to facilitate compliance with applicable laws.
All sharing of Content is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information when posting reviews, this information may become publicly available. You understand and acknowledge that even after removal, copies of such Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or if other users have copied or stored the Content that you have submitted.
When you access linked websites, including the Power Reviews website, you understand that we do not control the content and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such site. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each such site you visit. Also, this policy does not cover the information practices of any websites linked to our site. Such other sites may send their own cookies and/or web beacons to users, collect data, or gather, store use and/or disclose personal information.
We share web site usage information about visitors to our web site, who have received a targeted promotional campaign, with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party advertising company note some of the pages you visit on our web site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear .gifs).
For more information about our third-party advertising company, please click here.
How We Use Your Information
We utilize the information we receive in order to:
Send catalogs you have requested and mailings that may be of interest to you, provided you have not requested otherwise
Send exclusive email offers of new product announcements and special promotions, provided you have not opted out of receiving these notifications
Process and track your orders
Send order and shipping confirmation emails
Tailor your experience at our site, presenting content customized to your interests
Changing Your Email & Mailing Preferences
If you are currently receiving communications from us, it is because you have notified us of your desire to receive these mailings, because you have recently requested products or services from us, or because you have provided information to a third party affiliated with us. If you prefer not to receive catalogs, email offers, or other communications from us, we give you the opportunity to terminate these mailings at any time. (Note: Because we plan our catalog and email mailings in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective.)
If you no longer wish to receive catalogs or mailings from us, call 1-800-333-8281 , send us an email, or send your mailing label to:
Learning Resources
380 N. Fairway Drive
Vernon Hills, IL 60061
If you no longer wish to receive email offers, visit our Unsubscribe page to modify your preferences. You may also click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any of our emails. (Note: Your selection will apply only to the current corresponding email address. Please allow up to 90 days for the activation of any changes in address status. Future mailings may still be sent to alternate email addresses you may have supplied to us. Also, you may still receive confirmation and/or tracking emails if you place an order on our website.)
Making Corrections & Updates to Your Account Information
You have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
Update your information in My Account.
Call one of our Customer Service Representatives at 1-800-333-8281.
Send us an email
Protecting Childrens' Privacy
Learning Resources is a general audience web site. Learning Resources' products, although intended for use by children, are available for adult purchase only. Persons under 18 are not permitted to purchase products from Learning Resources nor submit information stored by Learning Resources for action (i.e. catalog requests, Click-2-Win!, and contact forms). Persons under 18 are required to use the site under the supervision of a legal guardian.
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Learning Resources does not knowingly collect and store personal information from any persons under the age of 13. Private information identified as being gathered from a person under the age of 13 is used solely for completion of the requested action and immediately destroyed. This includes, but is not limited to, submissions to the Gears! Gallery, Wish Lists and e-mail.
Online Security
Learning Resources offers a secure online commerce environment. All credit transactions occur in a secure area of our site, protecting you from loss or misuse of information. The transfer of sensitive information between you and Learning Resources is protected by the highest standard of encryption technology available on the Internet.
Public/private key cryptography enables the creation of a secure "conversation" between your browser and our secure server. While this conversation could potentially be "overheard," it cannot be decrypted.
How You Can Tell You're Browsing a Secure Website
In order to be sure that information transferred between your browser and the Learning Resources server is secure, it is important to be aware of the security information available to you through your browser.
Once you enter the Checkout process (when you're ready to purchase the items you have placed in your shopping cart), your connection to our server becomes secure. These security features are enacted automatically; you do not have to take any action to invoke them. To confirm that you are operating in secure mode, look at the bottom of your browser window. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser) you can be sure that your information is secure.
Data Encryption & Risk of Decryption
Learning Resources makes use of a 128-bit encryption key. When a secure connection is initiated, our server's public key is automatically transferred to your browser. Your browser then uses this key to encrypt information transferred back to Learning Resources. This information can only be decrypted using the private key installed on Learning Resources secure server.
We reserve the right to change this policy in the future by notifying you of the existence of a new privacy statement. If we decide to change our policies, we will post the revised notice on our website and/or contact you to explain about the changes that we plan and the options you will have regarding participation. You agree that you will check the website from time to time to view the current Statement of Privacy in effect without notice from Learning Resources.
Privacy Rights of California Residents
This California Privacy Notice (“Notice”) supplements the Learning Resources Privacy Policy and applies specifically to visitors and users who are California residents (“consumer(s)” or “you”). This Notice details Learning Resources’ compliance with, and the rights of consumers under, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) as well as other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used herein.
Your Rights as a Consumer.
The CCPA grants you specific rights in and to your personal information. Specifically, you have the rights set forth below and may exercise them, as applicable, as further described below.
Right of Access to Collected Information; Data Portability
You have the right to request that Learning Resources disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Upon receipt of any request, we will send you a verification notice and, once your identity has been verified, we will disclose to you:
The categories of your personal information that we have collected.
The specific pieces of your personal information that we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we have collected your personal information.
The commercial reason for our collection or sale of your personal information.
The categories of third parties, if any, with whom we have shared your personal information.
Learning Resources will disclose this information to you either electronically or by mail. If provided electronically, the information will be in a portable and, to the extent feasible, readily useable format so as to allow you to transmit the information to another party without hindrance.
Right of Access to Information Sold or Disclosed for a Business Purpose
You have the right to request that Learning Resources disclose the categories of personal information that we have sold or otherwise disclosed to a third party about you. Upon receipt of any request, we will send you a verification notice and, once your identity has been verified, we will disclose to you:
The categories of your personal information that we have collected.
The categories of your personal information that we have sold.
The categories of your personal information that we have otherwise disclosed to a third party for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom we have sold your personal information.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Learning Resources delete any of your personal information that we have collected and retained about you, subject to certain exceptions. Upon receipt of any request, we will send you a verification notice and, once your identity has been verified, we will delete (and direct any third-party service providers to delete) your personal information.
Learning Resources may deny your deletion request if retaining your personal information is necessary for us to: complete the transaction for which we originally collected your personal information; provide a service that you requested; take reasonably anticipated actions within the context of our ongoing business relationship; to comply with a legal obligation; or otherwise as set forth in the CCPA. If we deny your deletion request, we will provide you with the reason(s) for such denial.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Personal Information
You have the right to prohibit Learning Resources from selling your personal information. This right is also referred to as the right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information. Learning Resources does not sell the personal information of consumer.
Right of Non-Discrimination
You have the right to exercise any or all of the rights identified above free of discrimination. Learning Resources will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights.
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
To exercise your rights to access about your personal information that is collected and/or sold by Learning Resources, or to request the deletion of your personal information or an opt-out from the sale of your personal information, you can submit a verifiable request by:
Visiting the Learning Resources Contact Us page
Call us at 1-800-333-8281.
Only you or an individual authorized to act on your behalf with the California Secretary of State’s office may make a valid request as relates to your personal information. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child, you may make a request on their behalf.
Learning Resources uses commercially reasonable efforts to respond to any verifiable consumer request within 45 days of our receipt of such request. If we require additional time, we will inform you of the same along with our reason(s) and any extension period in writing via the contact information that you provide to us upon request. Any information disclosure that we provide will cover the 12-month period immediately preceding our receipt of your request. You may make a request for disclosure at any time, but we will not provide any such disclosures more than two times in a 12-month period.
Information That We Collect.
Learning Resources has collected the following categories of personal information about consumers in the last 12 months.
Category
Examples
Identifiers:
Real name, postal address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute:
Name, address, and telephone number. Information included in this category is specifically set forth by California statutory law and may overlap with information in other categories.
Commercial information:
Information or details of products purchased, obtained, considered, and returned (if applicable). Learning Resources also retains bill-to details related to the same.
Other information:
As applicable, we may collect child’s gender and child’s first name to the extent the same is provided directly by you.
Information That We Sell.
Learning Resources does not sell the personal information of consumers.
Information That We Disclose for a Business Purpose.
Learning Resources discloses personal information to certain third party(s) for business purposes. When we do so, we enter into contracts that describe the business purpose and which require such third party(s) to keep the personal information confidential and to only use personal information as set forth in and explicitly allowed by the contract.
We have disclosed to a third party for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about consumers in the last 12 months.
Identifiers.
Personal information listed in the California Consumer Records statute.
Commercial information.
Learning Resources discloses personal information for a business purpose only to our third-party service provider(s).
Changes to this California Privacy Notice.
We may update this Notice at any time and the changes will be effective upon posting. This Notice will be reviewed and updated as necessary at least once every 12 months.
Contact Information.
If you have questions or comments about this Notice or our California privacy practices generally, please feel free to contact us by email at info@learningresources.com, or by mail at the following address: 380 N. Fairway Drive, Vernon Hills, IL 60061, Attn: Data Privacy.
Questions on LearningResources.com Security?
We've worked hard to bring you a secure online commerce environment, and we value your questions, comments, and concerns. If you have any feedback about our Web site security, please send us an email or contact us via regular mail:
Learning Resources
Internet Marketing
380 N. Fairway Drive
Vernon Hills, IL 60061