http://www.westcoastcorvette.com/pages/policies
Flash Sale! 10% Off Select Parts & Accessories. click here...
Free Shipping Over $99
0
Home
Policies
Policies
We accept phone orders during our regular business hours. Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm PST at 888-737-8388. We also offer secure internet ordering at www.westcoastcorvette.com, 24-hours a day.RETURNSCustomers may return new, unused items within 90 days of delivery for a full refund to the original payment method. West Coast Corvette is not responsible for return shipping costs unless it was our error. Please refer to the tables below for return restrictions.
Time Period
Refund Policy
90 days
Full refund to original payment method
After 90 Days
10% Restocking fee and store credit
Item Restrictions
Products
Refund Policy
Oversized
Oversize fees are noted on the product listing. Including but not limited to, wheels, spoilers, splitters, side skirts, any items with initial oversize shipping fees
10% Restocking fee
Custom Items
MGP Calipers, Lloyd mats, Racemesh grills, Speed Lingerie, American Car Craft, Oracle Lighting
Not eligible for return
Final Sale
Used parts, clearance items and parts that have been installed.
Not eligible for return
SHIPPINGAll items will be shipped via Standard Ground Service unless otherwise requested. Many carriers require a physical street address; they will not deliver to a P.O. Box. All freight charges are the customer’s responsibility. Please note that all freight charges quoted are for Standard Ground Service on the price list. We will be happy to quote you charges for other shipping methods. All Items shipped on Friday Next Day Air will be delivered on the following Monday. If you would like Saturday delivery for items shipped on Friday only, please contact us for shipping arrangements. If an item is custom order or on back order, it will ship with the selected shipping service as soon as it is ready. To check if an item is in stock and ready to ship, please call our parts department.CORE CHARGEOur exchange program is very simple and allows you to receive chrome plated wheels or powder coated calipers without unnecessary down time to your vehicle. We first send you a set of our high quality chrome plated GM wheels or powder coated calipers to have installed. The best way to purchase is with a credit card. We initially charge you for the Chrome Plating(wheels) or powder coating (calipers) plus a refundable core charge. You must return your undamaged cores within ten (10) days, we then issue you a full core credit within ten (10) days of receiving the product. Cores returned late (after the 10-day period) will be charged a $30.00 (per day) late fee. There will be a $100.00 stripping fee on painted caliper cores. To insure the highest quality available we only exchange GM products and they must be for the same style and year. Any damages will be deducted from the core refund.
WARRANTIESAll items are warranted to be free from defects in materials and workmanship at the time of shipment to you. Your purchase will be backed by the limited warranty extended by the manufacturer of the parts. West Coast Corvettes and the manufacturer will not honor warranty requests due to shipping damage, improper handling or installation, neglect, accidents, or competition use. Warranty claims apply to parts only. All Chrome Exchange wheels come with a 3-Year Written Warranty. Our 1-piece reproduction wheels come with a “Lifetime Limited” structure and a 2 year chrome warranty. All wheels should be checked for trueness or run-out before installation, in case shipping damage has occurred. All wheels should be test fit before installation to assure proper clearance of brake rotor, brake caliper, inner and out fender and brake cooling duct. Complete warranty will accompany wheel shipments. WCC does not directly warrant any high performance part or labor. Performance parts are installed at the customers risk and any warranty claim must be taken up with the manufactures. Performance parts may or may not meet individual state emission laws. It is the customer’s responsibility to determine the emission standards and laws of his or her area. WCC does not cover labor on any warranty claim. All WCC Forged Wheels  are designed for street use only.  Warranty is void if used for racing.
OVERSIZED ITEMSAll items that are considered “oversized” are items that are billed from the carrier at an oversized rate, indicating a minimum of a 30lb. package. Oversized items have an additional fee to cover these high shipping costs, even when a "free shipping" promotion is in effect. DAMAGE CLAIMSAlways check the contents of your shipment in the presence of the person delivering the merchandise. Should any damage occur, immediately notify UPS so that all the necessary steps be taken to insure prompt replacement of any damaged goods. Notify West Coast Corvette’s Customer Service Department for instructions on returning damaged goods. West Coast Corvette is not responsible for any claims arising from damage notification given after three (3) days of receipt of delivery. *Damage claims may not be submitted after the part is installed.* Once the item is installed, West Coast Corvette is not liable for damages or imperfections.  SHORTAGESAlways check the contents of your delivery to ensure that all the parts ordered are received. If you are missing any items please check to see if they have been back ordered on the invoice before calling the Customer Service Department. If a shortage has occurred, please contact our Customer Service Department within three (3) days of delivery to insure a prompt replacement. West Coast Corvette assumes no liability after this point.
PAYMENT INFORMATIONWe accept Cashier’s Checks and Money Orders made payable to West Coast Corvettes. We accept MasterCard, Visa, American Express and Discover. All personal checks are subject to a 10 day hold. For your protection, we do not accept cash through the mail. Credit card orders can only be shipped to the billing address listed with the bank that issued the credit card. C.O.D. orders add $ 13.00 CA residents, add 8.00% sales tax. Call for Wire Transfer information.C.O.D. ORDERSCashier’s Checks or Money Orders will be accepted for C.O.D. orders. If a C.O.D. order is refused, any future order would need to be paid in advance of shipment with a Cashier’s Check or Money Order.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERSAll international orders must be prepaid before shipment can be sent. Due to the constant fluctuation of currency rates and depending on the items being ordered, your freight fees will vary. It is important that you contact West Coast Corvette for shipping quotes.
ALASKA & HAWAIIAll orders shipped 2nd Day Air. All orders must be prepaid with credit card, money order, or cashier's check. No C.O.D. orders will be accepted. Shipping rates depend on the items being ordered. Contact West Coast Corvette for accurate shipping quotes.SALES TAXAll orders outside California are exempt from sales tax. California residents are required to add the appropriate sales tax to all orders. Rates are subject to change without notice. The current rate is 7.75%.PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.westcoastcorvette.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARINGWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATIONYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:1. See what data we have about you, if any.2. Change/correct any data we have about you.3. Have us delete any data we have about you.4. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SECURITYWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.PRICES SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE • WCC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. FEEL FREE TO CONTACT WCC WITH ANY QUESTIONS TOLL FREE AT 888-737-8388 AND AS ALWAYS, THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS AND CONTINUED SUPPORT!
Exclusive Discounts & Product News
klaviyo123
CloseYour cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Close
Interior
Exterior
Wheels
Performance
Brakes
Lights
Car Care
Accessories
Apparel
Specials
Wishlist
()
CloseLogin
0