http://www.dancedirect.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info
Dancewear Dance Shoes Uniforms Accessories Gymnastics Costumes Revolution Christmas Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards
Leotards Fashion Dancewear Catsuits & Unitards Black Leotards View All
Tutus & Skirts
Ballet Skirts & Tutus Character Skirts & Tunics Tutus Tutu Skirts View All
Tops
T-Shirts & Casual Tops Crop Tops & Vests Crossovers View All
Legwear
Dance Pants & Leggings Shorts & Hot Pants Leg Warmers View All
Ballroom
Dancewear Mens & Boys Tops Accessories View All
Men & Boys
Leotards Legwear Ballroom T-Shirts & Tops View All
Warm Ups
T-Shirts & Tops Leggings, Pants & Shorts Cardigans & Hoodies All-in-One View All
Dance Underwear
Tights & Socks Dance Bras Dance Briefs & Thongs Body Stockings View All
Dance Fitness
Capezio - Activewear Collection
Dansez - Healthy Seas Collection Leggings Fitness Bras View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes
Leather Ballet Shoes Canvas Ballet Shoes Satin Ballet Shoes Pointe Shoes View All
Jazz Shoes
Leather Jazz Shoes Canvas Jazz Shoes PU & Mesh Jazz Shoes Full Sole Jazz Shoes View All
Tap Shoes
Leather Tap Shoes Canvas Tap Shoes PU Tap Shoes Low Heel Tap Shoes View All
Character Shoes
Leather Character Shoes Canvas Character Shoes PU Character Shoes Low Heel Character Shoes View All
Contemporary Shoes
Foot Thongs Warm Up Booties View All
Mens Dance Shoes
Mens Ballet Shoes Mens Ballroom Shoes Mens Character Shoes Mens Jazz Shoes View All
Uniforms
Associated Board of Dance International Dance Teachers Association Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing National Association of Teachers of Dancing
Royal Academy Of Dance United Kingdom Alliance United Teachers of Dance
Accessories
Costume Accessories
Animal Masks, Ears & Tails Bandanas Belts & Braces Boas View All
Dance Accessories
Dance Bags Dance Gifts Hair Accessories Feet & Body Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Shorts Gymnastics Tops
Gymnastics Skirts
Costumes
60s, 70s & 80s Around The World Animals & Bugs Boys Costumes Broadway Clowns Cowboys, Cowgirls & Native Americans Fairies Fairytales & Make Believe Flappers, Gangsters & Molls Pirates & Sailors Pop Stars, Punk & Street Rock & Roll Seasonal Spooky Uniforms & Military Wartime & Period
Ballet Boys Costumes Debut & First Performance Jazz & Tap Lyrical & Contemporary
Tutus Two In Ones Urban & Commercial
Revolution
Costumes
Ballet Character Contemporary + Lyrical Debut View All
Dancewear
Leotards Dresses Tights + Underwear Skirts + Bottoms View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes Contemporary Shoes View All
Christmas
Gifts Stocking Fillers Under £10 Under £20
Dancewear Dance Bags Dance at Home
Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards Leggings & Shorts Skirts T-Shirts & Tops View All
Costumes
Ballet Contemporary & Lyrical Debut Gentlemen View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Ballroom Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes View All
Accessories
Costume Accessories Dance Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Tops Gymnastics Shorts View All
Free UK Returns
Free Delivery on orders over £40
< View All Home
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other device by this site and contain information that is transferred to your devices hard drive. This site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and allows us to improve our site.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We use the following cookies:
Cookie
Provider
Purpose
ASP.NET_SessionID
International Dance Supplies
A cookie to interact with our website, to include but not limited to storing login information, visitor details and shopping basket details.
__utma
Google
A cookie for Google Analytics which identifies each user’s amount of visits; the time of the first, previous and current visit.
__utmb
Google
A cookie for Google Analytics which only identifies the session (how long you stay on a site).
__utmc
Google
A cookie for Google Analytics which only identifies the session (how long you stay on a site).
__utmz
Google
A cookie for Google Analytics which identifies where a visitor came from (search engine, search keyword, link).
__utmv
Google
A cookie for Google Analytics which identifies user-custom variables.
The different types of cookies we use.
Essential cookies allow our users to use the basic functionality of our website, browsing our products, ordering and paying for items, checking your account information and viewing your order history.
Performance cookies allow us to get to know how you use our website. They are used to analyse visitor information such as usage, visitor numbers and help us see how effective our advertising is and to understand what you like. We also use this information to help improve our website and improve the user experience.
Functionality cookies allow us to provide additional functionalities to the website, and will retain some settings information. Whilst not essential for the functionality of our site, they do enable extra features that should improve your shopping experience.
Targeting cookies we also use cookies to track visitors' interest in our products. We may use this to understand what most appeals to our customers so we can make our offers as appropriate as possible. Browsing behaviour can also be used to create relevant banners with product recommendations that we believe best relate to the items you viewed on our website.
We do not use advertising cookies. Any adverts or links on the IDS websites by external companies remain on set pages of the website and are not based on your preferences or how you navigate around the website.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.
For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ or at  https://www.google.co.uk/adsense/start/how-it-works/#/
In some cases we may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly by linking a social media account. These types of cookies simply allow us to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.
Payment Provider Cookies
Our payment provider uses cookies in order to process your order and payment and for anti-fraud purposes.
Social Media Cookies
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Twitter, Facebook, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies. They will ask you for your consent if you chose to connect to social media from our site.
Cookies will be kept in accordance with our cookie providers retention policies.
Please note that third parties may also use cookies over which we have no control. For example external websites and social networks like Facebook may set their own (third party) cookies. You will need to contact those sites directly for their cookie policy.
What Can I do to Control Cookies
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can refuse the setting of all or some cookies by activating the setting on your browser. However, if you block all cookies you will lose functionality and will not be able to access all or parts of our site, for example; you will not be able to stay signed into our site to successfully shop. The website www.aboutcookies.org provides lots of information on how you can manage cookies on a range of browsers.
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Data Retention Policy
GDPR Statement
Image Licence
Other Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns