https://www.alans-sales.com/privacy.php?osCsid=79kigoon4pcefc4ua9otau72l7
Cart Contents
Checkout
My Account
Home
Catalog
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
1. What information does Alan's Sales collect from you?
In order to better provide you with products and services, Alan's Sales collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site.
Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you register and set up an account, order a product or service, fill out surveys, and send us feedback. For example, this information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product details. With this information, Alan's Sales can fill your orders and better provide you with personalized services. Your Personally Identifiable Information will never be sold, traded, rented to a third-party without your consent. Your Personally Identifiable Information will be given to a third-party as per "4. With whom do we share your information?" below.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on our site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. For example, this information may include the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the web site that you just came from, what browser and system you are using, and when you visited the site.
On an aggregated basis, we collect anonymous data related to the pages, products, downloads and other content that is sampled, clicked on, streamed, searched for, transferred from and downloaded. We may disclose, sell, trade, or rent Non-Personally Identifiable Information to others without your consent.
2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide Alan's Sales visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems.
Alan's Sales also does research on demographics and interests of our visitors, and pages viewed based on the information provided to us during ordering, a promotion, from our server log files, from our web site analysis agents, or from surveys. We will use this data to enhance the visitor's experience at our site, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site use, to improve our product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.
We gather information in the following ways:
Shopping
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, to enable ads to be served on our site, to report Non-Personally Identifiable Information to our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on our site. We collect information from visitors to our site regarding the URLs they came from, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), their IP addresses, the date and time of their visit or order, the number of visits and orders, the operating system and browser type used to come to the site, the pages and page titles of our site that visitors viewed during their visit, whether the visitor's computer is enabled for Java or cookies, browser language, applications and plug-ins, and any search terms entered on our site.
Ordering
When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contained and these changes will be automatically kept for future use.
Online Surveys and Polling
In order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. Individual survey answers are confidential, although Non-Personally Identifiable Information is collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
Newsletters & Promotional E-mails
We may offer a free newsletters, and promotional e-mails as a service to our customers. We may send you newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals. To stop receiving our newsletter, send an e-mail to us at alans@alans-sales.com.
Contact Information and Third Party Data
If you contact Alan's Sales or our customer service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and order information in order to send you a reply.
Advertising
We may display advertisements on our site.
Cookies
We use cookies in the operation of our site.
3. Who is collecting your information?
Links and Banner Ads to Third-Party Sites
Please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linking from or to our site are not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies or ad servers, which place advertising on our site may collect information about you through the use of cookies when you view or click on their advertising. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
4. With whom do we share your information?
Fulfillment
The information collected by Alan's Sales is used for processing orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance, to serve ads, and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your order, or provide customer service. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment; and release your address and telephone information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered.
Other Parties Generally
We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our customers' sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information. We may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or to protect the rights, property, and safety of Alan's Sales, our users, or others. If customers do not pay us for products ordered, we may submit their account information to a third party collection agency.
Compliance with Service of Process or Law Enforcement
Alan's Sales may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, without prior notice to you. Alan's Sales fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful.
Sale of the Company
Alan's Sales reserves the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in the event that such company is sold, in whole or in part, either as an entire entity or through an asset sale that includes a customer information database. This right is reserved whether or not the customer database is sold independently of any continuing operations of such company.
5. How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
6. What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
Email: We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to the Alan's Sales site. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to alans@alans-sales.com. After doing so, Alan's Sales users will not receive future promotional emails unless they open a new account, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails.
7. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
Within Alan's Sales, your information is kept on password protected, limited access servers.
We employ SSL technology (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption in transactions to protect your information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and if provided by you, your credit card number.
You will never be asked for your password to your account. Never give your password to anyone.
8. A special note about children's privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at alan@alans-sales.com so that we may delete the child's information.
9. The use of of "cookies" by Alan's Sales.
www.alans-sales.com Cookies: When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to www.alans-sales.com. The cookies make your use of the site easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies. By shopping and using website functions on Alan's Sales website you agree to accept "cookies" for the purposes as mentioned.
10. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from www.alans-sales.com
Other sites accessible through our web site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Alan's Sales is not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those web sites linked to www.alans-sales.com are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
11. Contacting Alan's Sales about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact Alan's Sales by sending a letter to:
Privacy-Alan's Sales
12070 Old Oregon Trial
Redding, CA 96003
12. Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was last changed on July 5, 2015. If Alan's Sales makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.
Continue
Categories
FUSESFUSE GEARTOOLSOVERLOAD HEATERS
Quick & Advanced Search
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Manufacturers
Please SelectAce HardwareAllen-BradleyAnonymousArmstrongAT&TBel FuseBrushCefconCello-LiteChase-ShawmutCooper Power Sy..Cooper Wiring D..Cutler-HammerEagle ElectricEaton - Cooper/..EconomyEdisonEfenETIEZE-LAPFlukeFurnasGEC AlsthomGeneral Electri..HubbellIDEAL Industrie..IlscoITE ImperialLittelfuseLUMBERG AUTOMAT..Madison Electri..MalloryMarathonMechanical Prod..MercuryMersen - Ferraz..MonarchMuellerOptifuseParker Hannifin..PierceRelianceReliance or Bru..Royal-NoarkSchurterSIBASiemensSquare DTriplettUSDWeberWestinghouseWickmann
What's New?
AFS-40 Bussmann Stud Mount Fuse 40Amp NOS$9.99
Shopping Cart
0 items
Useful Fuse Charts
Cross Reference Competitor Fuses.
Under 1 Amp Equivalent Ratings.
Specials
BONLR53100 BUSSMANN Non-Fusible Disconnect Switch 100Amp$32.63$22.84
We Accept