http://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/returns
Help Topics
Holiday Shipping Information
US Deadlines
Canada Deadlines
International Deadlines
Shipping & Orders
Check Order Status
Shipping (US & Int'l)
Availability
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Digital Downloads
What are Digital Downloads?
Viewing and Printing
System Requirements
Troubleshooting Guide
FAQS
iPad Support
SMP Press
Account Help
Password Reset
Personal Accounts
School and Church Accounts
Purchase Orders
Easy Rebates
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Contact Us
Corporate Contacts
Policies
2+ Pricing
Returns
Low Price Guarantee
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
About Us
Memberships
Testimonials
Features
Gift Certificates
Music Lists
Teacher Resource Center
Level Guidelines
Karaoke Formats
Newsletter Options
Sheet Music Plus Blog
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: Notes
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: List of Basic Musical Symbols
SMP Press
About SMP Press
How to Publish with SMP Press
Legally Arrange Thousands of Copyrighted Songs with SMP Press
General Copyright Guidelines
Copyright Infringement Policy
Arrangements of Copyrighted Works
Arrangements of Public Domain Works
Original Compositions
Mechanical Rights
Commission & Payments
Email SMP Press
Help > Returns
Returns
You may return any product within one (1) year from the delivery date. The return item(s) must include a copy of the original packing slip and be mailed to:
US and International Returns
Sheet Music Plus
Attn: Returns
PO Box 1403
Winona, MN 55987-7403
USA
When the item(s) arrives, we’ll notify you by email, and a refund or credit will be issued within 10 business days.
Items returned within 90 days from the original ship date will be credited back to your original payment method. Items received after 90 days will be credited in the form of a Gift Certificate, which can be applied to future purchases.
Credit card purchases will be refunded back to your credit card. PayPal purchases will be refunded back to your PayPal account. Orders paid by check or money order will be refunded by issuing a check.
Exchanges and Replacements
Items cannot be exchanged for different products.  You may return the item within the one (1) year return period for credit or gift certificate.
If you receive a defective item, please contact customer service at 1(800)743-3868 or via email at orders@sheetmusicplus.com.
Returning Software & Recorded Media
Due to manufacturer restrictions, software and recorded media (including videos, DVDs, karaoke CDs, etc.) can only be returned if the manufacturer-sealed plastic shrink-wrap is unopened.
Returning Digital Download Titles
Due to the nature of digital sheet music, we can not offer a refund of your Digital Download title after it has been purchased, unless there was a problem with your file. If there was a problem printing or you have received the wrong title of your Digital Download, request a refund by sending an email to digital@sheetmusicplus.com
Returning Personal Protective Equipment
Due to health and safety concerns, personal protective equipment cannot be returned or refunded. This includes, but is not limited to: face masks, shields, and bell covers.
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products, to assist with promotional and marketing efforts, to analyze our traffic and to provide content from third parties. You consent to our cookies and privacy policy if you continue to use this site. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept Cookies
Close X
By signing up you consent with the terms in our Privacy Policy
I am a music teacher.
Close X