https://www.readings.com.au/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use
Books, books & more books. Straight to your inbox. Sign up to our emails and be the first to know about new releases, special offers and more. Sign me upNot today I love books but please don't show me this pop-up again Privacy Policy and Terms of UseYour privacy is important to us.
Readings believes that the responsible use of personal information collected on its website is critical to its business objectives and reputation. As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Online Privacy Statement.
Information Collected
When you visit our website our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes;
your server address
your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk
etc.)
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages you accessed and documents downloaded
the previous site you have visited
Cookies
Readings’ website only uses session cookies and only during a search query of the website.
Our Internet Service Provider has assured us that no cookies are employed on this website except for those associated with the shopping basket.
The website statistics for this site are generated from the web logs as outlined above.
Upon closing your browser the only cookie information stored is an id number relating to your shopping basket so that upon your next visit the shopping basket will still contain your books. This information is kept for 30 days and is then removed.
Access to Information Collected
Readings Books & Music will not make any attempt to identify users or their browsing activities.
However, in the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency, or other government agency, may exercise its legal authority to inspect our Internet Service Provider’s logs.
Use of Information Collected
We will only record your email address if you send us a message.
Your email address will only be used for the purposes for which you have provided it and it will not be added to a mailing list or used for any other purpose without your consent.
Readings’ website does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet.
Personal information provided by you will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law.
Readings recognizes its responsibility for protecting the privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about our administration of your personal information, please forward a communication to our Chief Executive Officer.
Shopping OnlinePrivacy Policy and Terms of UseFAQSign up to receive our emails.Sign up