http://www.alwayshobbies.com/privacy-policy
Model Aircraft
Balsa Model Kits Plastic Model Kits Radio Control Aircraft Aircraft Roundels Wooden Model Display Kits
Model Boats
Model Boat Display Kits Radio Control Model Boats Plastic Model Boats Model Boat Fittings Radio Control Equipment Running Gear Plans & Books Tools & Sundries Flags and Decals
Model Kits
Trains & Trams Radio Controlled Tanks & Trucks Vehicle Plastic Kits Matchstick Kits Architectural Brick Model Kits Plans Wooden Construction Kits Period Weaponry Miscellaneous Model Boat Kits Model Aircraft Kits Scalextric Film & TV Kits Die Cast Warhammer
Model Railway
Train Sets Locomotives Coaches & Wagons Track Power, Controllers & Hardware Buildings & Figures Terrain, Landscape & Matting Tools, Servicing & Accessories Model Railway Books Model Railway Tools
Materials
Wood Wheels & Fixings Metals Plastics Glues & Fillers Diorama Scenery Paints & Brushes Finishing Products Flags & Decals Fixings & Hinges Clocks & Musical Movements Electrical Display Cases Miscellaneous
Tools
Power Tools Hand Tools Workshop Organisers Lighting & Magnification Airbrushing Workwear & Braces
Crafts
Cake Craft & Decorating Jigsaw Puzzles & Board Games Books & DVDs Metal Model Kits Sequin Art Kits Painting Kits Model Garage Accessories Porcelain Gift Sets Pyrography Whittling Wood Turning Scroll Sawing Airbrushing Artfoil
Dolls Houses
Dolls House and Basements Furniture Accessories Decorating & Building Materials Lighting Plans & Books Dolls & Pets Shop By Room 24th Scale
Brands
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of Hobbies Ltd. In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to Hobbies Ltd.
We are company number 4777398 registered in England and Wales.
Our registered office is at 5 - 6 Long Lane, Rowley Regis, England, B65 0JA.
1.1 Statement of intent This is a notice to inform you of Hobbies Ltd.’s policy about all of the information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them.
The purpose of this privacy statement is to provide you with details of how Hobbies Ltd will collect, store and use the personal data you supply to us. Personal data is information which relates to identifiable living individuals.
We will act in accordance with current legislation and meet current best practice with regard to the processing of personal data.
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you regarding the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1.2 Collection of personal data In using this website, you may provide certain personal data to Hobbies Ltd which we will compile and process in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By providing such information you consent to its use and storage in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information.
When an order is placed on our website we collect the following details: Full name, address, contact details – i.e. email address and mobile/phone number, purchased history, and analytics that show how you and other users navigate our website – i.e. IP address and operating system.
1.3 Use of personal data Hobbies Ltd shall only use your data for the purposes for which it is provided or for purposes to which you have consented.
When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information. We may use it in order to: Verify your identity for security purposes, sell products to you, provide you with our services, and provide you with suggestions and advice on products and services.
When an order is placed on our website we may contact you directly via email or phone on matters only relating to your order.
By opting in to our mailing list you will receive marketing emails regarding our latest products and offers, as well as any Hobbies e-newsletters. We do not allow third parties to use the data we collect. We use our website provider, Divendo, to deliver our marketing emails. For more information, please see Divendo’s privacy policy. We gather statistics around marketing email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our emails. You can unsubscribe to marketing emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email, changing your email preferences in account settings, or by emailing our team at enquiries@alwayshobbies.com.
When someone visits www.alwayshobbies.com we use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. For more information, please see Google’s Privacy Policy.
1.4 Information relating to your payment method Our site uses an online ordering system for customers to request information, products, and services. Our website uses Opayo (SagePay) and PayPal to provide secure credit card and payment transactions. When you place an order, your credit/debit card information is encrypted and then sent over the internet, no one can read or access the data that is being transmitted. For more information, please see Opayo’s Privacy Policy (SagePay) and PayPal’s Privacy Policy.
1.5 Storage and correction or personal data Hobbies Ltd will retain the personal data it holds unless and until you send us notice that you no longer wish us to retain this data.  We are obliged to supply you, on request, with a copy of the personal data we hold about you. This information must be provided free of charge, unless the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive.
If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us, giving your name and address: (i) by email to enquiries@alwayshobbies.com or (ii) by telephone on 01508 549330 or (iii) by post to Hobbies Ltd, Units 8b-11 The Raveningham Centre, Raveningham, Norfolk NR14 6NU. Should you discover any inaccuracies in such personal information, please notify us as soon as possible and we will then correct our records.
1.6 Cookies A cookie is a small data file that web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies him or herself. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies are essential on our site alwayshobbies.com to enable the shopping function. Our site also uses visitor tracking software that will use cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of the web site. All user data collected in this manner is anonymous.
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser’s settings; please note however that disabling cookies for this site may interfere with the smooth running of the shopping function. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation of your web browser for further information about disabling/managing cookie data.
1.7 Connection Encrypted This web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. Transactions on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption. This protects your personal information.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the latest version on this website.
Email Newsletter
Email address:
Signup
By signing up you are agreeing to receive exclusive offers, updates and news from Hobbies by email. You can opt out of receiving emails at any time
Secure Online Payment
Model Aircraft Model Boats Model Kits Model Railway Materials Tools Crafts Dolls Houses Brands
About Us Postage Contact Us Hobbies Club Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Useful Guides Archive Vouchers Email Subscription