http://www.longaberger.com/pages/privacy-policy
NOW - 12/12: 10% OFF SELECT ITEMSEnjoy Free Shipping on Orders Over $150
Find what you seek
Shop
New Arrivals
Shop All Pre-Order Coming Soon Made in America Fall Harvest The Barn Jacket
The Jewelry Box
Rings Necklaces Earrings Bracelets Watches Under $50 Under $100
Holiday
Holiday Deals Holiday Gift Guide Holiday Gift Sets Home for the Holidays Holiday With Friends Holiday Baskets
Longaberger
Shop All Apparel
Baskets
Shop All 1973 Collection Americana Core Baskets Seasonal Baskets Signature Baskets Gourmet Food Home Fragrance Pottery Soap & Lotion
Homestead Market
Shop All
Décor
Shop All Botanicals & Vases Lighting Mirrors Pillows & Throws Rugs
Furniture
Shop All Bedroom Dining Room Living Room Outdoor Storage
Kitchen
Shop All Flatware Glassware Serveware Stoneware
Our Friends
Shop All Dockside Market Gibson & Dehn Gorongosa Coffee Harbor Sweets Judith Ripka Mosser Glass Sarabeth's
Join
Become a Stylist Join Our Email List Webinar Sign Up
Login
Stylist Login Customer Login
Wine Shop
Catalog
My Account
EFFECTIVE DATE: February 2020
We at Longaberger Licensing, LLC respect your concerns about privacy. We recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use and sharing practices for the Longaberger website, www.longaberger.com (the “Web Site”).
The Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors of this age group.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY, AND IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US. BY VISITING THE WEB SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS OUTLINED IN THE PRIVACY POLICY.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect information about you anytime you interact with us such as when you (i) access or browse the Web Site, (ii) order products or services through the Web Site, (iii) communicate with us or our sales associates either by e-mail, over the telephone or in any other manner, (iv) elect to participate in any of our product promotions, and (v) request information about products and services.
We collect personally identifiable information which comprises any information that can help us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an individual’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, billing and account information, and credit card information.
We may also use Internet cookies and other identifiers or methods of web analysis (such as Google Analytics) to gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Web Site. If you are uncomfortable with the idea of your information being used in this way, most computer systems and web browsers offer privacy settings and options, such as disabling cookies or opting for “Do Not Track” features. However, in order to access certain content, features, services, products, or benefits on the Web Site, you may be required to provide us with certain information, including some types of personally identifying information such as your email, your address, and your phone number. If you do not wish to provide such information through the Web Site or if you opt to utilize the aforementioned privacy features of your computer system or web browser, you may be unable to obtain certain content, features, services, products, or benefits of the Web Site.
Use of Personal Information
We may use personal information collected on Web Site for limited purposes, including for the purposes of providing you any products or services requested through the Web Site, recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Web Site. Personally identifying information, such as names, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information voluntarily provided, may be added to our databases and used for future contact regarding updates to the Web Site or new products or services provided by us. From time to time, we may also need to contact you regarding information that you submitted to us. You agree that we may use your personal information for such contact with you. We may desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information that we believe would be of particular interest. Please contact us via the contact information provided if you do not want to be contacted by us for these purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as specifically set forth herein, any personally identifying information that you provide to us through the Web Site will not be disclosed to other third party entities not affiliated with Longaberger Licensing, LLC. Your personal information and data, whether personally identifying or not, may be provided to third parties that contract with us to provide products, information, or other services to you or that we believe that you may be interested in obtaining, including any third party services that are offered as features of the Web Site. While we may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which we disclose personal information is under an obligation to use that personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which we exercise no control. We are not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties. Your personal information and data, whether personally identifying or not, may also be disclosed or distributed to another party with which we enter or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process. Your personal information and data may also be disclosed if, in our sole judgment, that disclosure is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of ours or any other person or entity.
Links to Other Services
The Web Site may also contain links to third party web sites or utilize plug-ins or features of third parties, for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third party service from a link on this Web Site, any information you disclose on that third party is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or for the content made available through their services. It is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of all third parties, including those who operate services accessible through the Web Site.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. However, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from us via the Web Site or via email cannot be, and is not, guaranteed.
Integrity
During the account sign-in process you can review, change or remove the information you have submitted. We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible and encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may, at any time, access your information to update, modify or delete any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the Web Site. You may also request us to remove your account information from our databases and we will try to remove as much information as possible. However, as we generally keep information related to past transactions for our records, we will not be able to completely remove your information.
California Residents
To the extent required by law, California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us via the contact information provided.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right at any time to modify, alter, and update this Privacy Policy. Your use of the Web Site following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy as changed. Any change to this Privacy Policy shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Web Site before the change was made. It is the obligation of users of the Web Site before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Policy since their last use.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Longaberger Licensing, LLCAttn: Privacy Policy1333 Broadway, 10th FloorNew York , NY , 10018USA