http://www.dialadiamond.com/privacy.html
Diamond & Engagement Rings New York | Wedding Rings & Estate Jewelry At Empire Diamond
Sign up to our newsletter to receive news,updates, and special offers!
800.728.3425
800.728.3425
Map
Menu
About
About Us
Our Service
Learn about Diamonds
Forms
Engagement Rings
Pre-Set Engagement Rings
Round Brilliant Diamond Rings
Radiant/Princess Cut Diamond Rings
Emerald Cut Diamond Rings
Oval Cut Diamond Rings
Marquise Cut Diamond Rings
Cushion Cut Diamond Rings
Pear Shape Diamond Rings
Asscher Cut Diamond Rings
Closeout Engagement Rings
Engagement Settings
Classic Solitaire Engagement Settings
Three-stone Engagement Settings
Pave & Mirco-pave Engagement Settings
Martin Flyer Close-out Settings
Engagement Settings with side stones
Wedding Rings
Plain Wedding Bands
Diamond Wedding Bands
Diamond Eternity Wedding Bands
Men's Wedding Bands
Estate Jewelry
Rings
Earrings
Bracelets
Necklaces
Pins/Brooches
Womens Vintage Watches
Mens Vintage Watches
Mens Accessories
Objects d'Art
Diamond Stud Earrings
Valentine's Day Specials
Lowest Price Quote
Sell To Us
Contact
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Commitment to your privacy
This site is owned and operated by Empire Diamond Corporation. Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. At Empire Diamond Corporation, we want to make your shopping experience satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our customers, we feel you should fully understand our policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Information Empire Diamond Corporation gathers and tracks
Empire Diamond Corporation gathers information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, and to inquire about an item:
Empire Diamond Corporation Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
1. Shopping
When you shop on our site, we collect personal information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selection, credit card or other payment information. Empire Diamond Corporation will not sell any information provided to third party members. Our policy ensures that no third parties will be allowed to use the information provided.
2. Electronic newsletters
We offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Empire Diamond Corporation gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of purchasing/inquiring about an item for sale.
3. Forums
Users of the site's Forums must register separately for this service in order to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, and email address.
Use of Information
SECURITY
Empire Diamond Corporation operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Opt-out policy
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
Opting not to provide any personal information.
Your consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Empire Diamond Corporation. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
All prices are subject to change based on market price of gold
Empire Diamond Corp., 350 Fifth Ave. Suite: 3012 New York, NY 10118| (800) 728-3425 or (212) 564-4777
Home |
About Us |
Engagement Rings|
Estate Jewelry|
Lowest Diamond Quote |
Sell Your Unwanted Jewelry |
Contact |
Carat Weight |
Diamond Cut
Diamond Light |
Diamond Shape |
GIA Grading System |
BBB Business Review |
Sitemap |
Terms & Conditions |
Return Policy
Copyright 2020 Empire Diamond Corp. |
Privacy Policy |
Accessibility Statement