https://www.tkfoto.com.sg/privacy
Privacy Policy
Login
Register
Products
Accessories
Audio
Audio Players Audio Recorders Earphones Headphones Microphones Speakers Binoculars Camera
Camera Bags
Backpacks Roller Bags Sling Bags Camera Lens Camera Straps Clamp Drones Dry Cabinets Filters Instant Camera / Film Light Modifiers Monitors Photo Printers Studio Equipment Tripod
Brands
Advanced Sound Aftershokz Atomos Audio Pro B+W Bang & Ofulsen beyerdynamic Billingham Bose Bowers & Wilkins Cambridge Audio Canon Daisee DJI Fujifilm GoPro Harman Kardon Jabra Jaybird JBL Joby Klipsch Laowa Magmod Marsace Marshall Master & Dynamic MindShift Gear Nikon Nuarl Olympus Panasonic Peak Design Pentax Phottix Rock & Roll Rode Saramonic Shure Sigma Sirui Sonos Sony Sudio Sunwayfoto Tamron Think Tank Photo Ultimate Ears Zeiss Zhiyun Contact
Privacy Policy
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to the collection, use and disclosure of an individual customer’s Personal Data (hereinafter defined) arising from goods and/or services offered by T K Foto Technic Pte Ltd.   1. What information do we collect? 1.1. We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. 1.2. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
2. What do we use your information for? 2.1 Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: 2.1.1. To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) 2.1.2. To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) 2.1.3. To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) 2.1.4. To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested). 2.1.5. To send periodic emails (The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order).   3. How do we protect your information? 3.1. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. 3.2. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. 3.3. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.   4. Do we use cookies? 4.1. Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. 4.2. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits. 4.3. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
5. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? 5.1. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
6. Third party links 6.1. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
7. Personal Data Protection Act (Singapore) 7.1. By using this site, you agree to allow us to collect or use your information in an appropriate manner in accordance to the Personal Data Protection Act of Singapore.
8. Online Privacy Policy Only 8.1. This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
9. Terms and Conditions 9.1. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.   10. Your Consent 10.1. By using our site, you consent to our website’s Privacy Policy.   11. Changes to our Privacy Policy 11.1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
12. Contacting Us 12.1. If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the contact form.