https://www.hillarysgifts.com/terms-of-use/
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The following rules (“Terms and Conditions”) govern the use of each of the websites located at, or linked to, the following URLs: www.hillarysgifts.com and www.askhillarys.com, any microsites, and the Site Content (defined below). Please read the following Terms and Conditions carefully.
By using any one of our Sites, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and expressly agree to be legally bound by these Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy). You are at least 18 years old, are a resident of the United States or lawfully consent to U.S. jurisdiction for all purposes on our Sites as if a resident. If you do not agree with the foregoing, you are not authorized to use the Sites.
These Terms and Conditions are a legal agreement between you and the Hillary’s LLC that is providing you the Site, product, or service. These Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy) constitute the entire agreement between you and Hillary’s LLC regarding the subject matter hereof. These Terms and Conditions shall supersede any subsequent terms or conditions included with any purchase order, to which notice of objection is hereby given, whether or not such terms or conditions are signed by Hillary’s LLC. Any offer by Hillary’s LLC is conditioned on your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property Rights of Provide CommerceEach of our Sites is owned and operated by us and are © 1992-2012, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. “Site Content” means all features, materials, information, content, text, site design, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, and software appearing on or offered on our Sites, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, and includes our greeting, hint, reminder or Track & Modify Your Order services, and corporate accounts, the ability to order products and services and receive newsletters and promotional emails. Unless otherwise specified, all Site Content is the sole property of Hillary’s LLC or its suppliers/licensors. All Site Content is protected by U.S. and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Loading... Please wait...
×
×