https://www.classictbird.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
CASCO Restorations
|
T-bird Facts
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Accessories
Body Panels
Brakes
Bumpers
Cockpit
Cooling & Body Front
Decals
Doors
Electrical
Engine
Exhaust
Front Fenders / Hood
Fuel System
Hardware
Heater
Mirrors
Paint & Adhesives
Radio & Antenna
Rear Axles & Driveshaft
Seat
Steering
Suspension
Tools
Tops
Transmission
Trunk, Quarters, Skirts
Upholstery
Ventilation System
Wheels & Hubcaps
Wipers & Washers
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Classic Auto Supply Co. Inc..
Our postal address is
795 High St
Coshocton, OH 43812
We can be reached via e-mail at casco@classictbird.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 740-622-8561
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is NEVER shared with other organizations except when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitor preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or e-mailing us at the above address.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Thank you for visiting CASCO.
Company Information
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CASCO Newsletter
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Classified Ads
CASCO Rewards
Returns
Contact Us