http://www.thevacuumcenter.com/pages/return-policy-terms-of-service
Low prices and fast shipping on vacuum & cleaning supplies!
0 items - $0.00
/
Sign in
or
Checkout
Return Policies
*By placing an order you agree to these terms*
How Long Can I Return an Item?TheVacuumCenter.com return policy lasts 30 days. If more than 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately, we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.  Some items are excluded from returns or refunds, see details below.  Certain items will require a 20% restocking fee, see details below.  Return of orders delivered to addresses outside of the Continuous United States require a 20% restocking fee, and require a return authorization.
Return ShippingTo return your product, you should mail your product to:
TheVacuumCenter.com112 E. Persimmon St. #339  Youngsville, NC 27596-0339You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.If you are shipping an item over $75, we recommend priority mail with a tracking number or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Return Authorization:  In order to be able to receive a refund, you must contact us for an RMA Number by sending an email to: customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com within the applicable time periods set forth above.  If you do not contact us to obtain an RMA Number within the applicable time period, your purchase will be final and no refund will be allowed. In addition, all returned items must be received by us within ten (10) business days after the RMA Number was issued in order to be eligible for a refund.  If the product is not received by us within such time period, your purchase will be final and no refund will be allowed.
What Can I Return?Not all items are eligible for a return.  Returns must meet the following conditions:
Your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it.  It must also be in the original packaging.
You must Contact Us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com to request a return within 30 days from the date of order shipment.
Opened packages are not eligible for a return or refund.
Proof of purchase from TheVacuumCenter.com
You are responsible for return shipping costs.
Certain items are excluded, and may not be returned. See Exempt terms below.
Exempt From Returns: Several types of products and items are exempt from being returned.
Used items or parts.
Damaged or worn items or parts.
Opened package items are non-returnable.
Used or installed Central Vacuum Power Units are non-returnable.
Used Vacuums, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles, all vacuum motors, are excluded from returns, and no refunds will be granted.
Reconditioned Kirby Vacuums are non-returnable.
Reconditioned Rainbow Vacuums are non-returnable.
Downloadable software products
Gift cards are non-returnable.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable);  Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error.  Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery.
Refund Policies
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Refund and Restocking Fees:
A 20% restocking fee applies to the approved return of; Vacuums, Central Vacuum Power Units, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles.
Return of orders delivered to addresses outside of the Continuous United States requires a 20% restocking fee.
Once a return and refund are approved, 20% of the purchase price will be deducted from the refunded amount.
Exempt From Refunds:
Used items or parts are non-refundable.
Damaged or worn items or parts are non-refundable.
Opened package items are non-refundable.
Used or installed Central Vacuum Power Units are non-refundable.
Used Vacuums, Floor Machines, Vacuum Accessory Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Tool Kits, Central Vacuum Power Nozzles, Power Nozzles, all vacuum motors, are excluded from returns, and no refunds will be granted.
Reconditioned Kirby Vacuums are non-refundable.
Reconditioned Rainbow Vacuums are non-refundable.
Gift cards are non-refundable.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.  If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com.
Exchanges (if applicable)We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at customerservice@thevacuumcenter.com and send your item to: TheVacuumCenter.com112 E. Persimmon St. #339  Youngsville, NC 27596-0339
Gifts / Gift CardsOnly the original purchaser is eligible for a credit or refund for a returned item.  Recipients of a gift are not eligible for a credit or refund.
Wrong Item:  If, upon receipt of your order, you find that your order is incorrect due to our mistake (i.e., we shipped a product not ordered by you or we failed to ship a product ordered by you), we will send you the correct item at no additional charge.  You must notify us via email or phone within seven (7) days of the date the item is delivered to the shipping address you provided us with (as shown by our delivery confirmation/tracking information) if this is the case.  If you do not notify us within such time period, you are agreeing that your order was correct in all respects.  If applicable, we may request that you return any incorrect item shipped to you at our cost, which you agree to do at our request.
Lost Orders:  You must notify us within thirty (30) days of the date of purchase if you do not receive your product(s).  If you do not contact us within thirty (30) days of the date of purchase, you are agreeing to accept the charges that occur and you are agreeing that you will not place a chargeback.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, risk of loss passes to you when we deliver your package to the USPS or UPS addressed to the shipping address you have provided us.  Please note that, in most cases, items are shipped without a requirement for a signature upon delivery.  Please contact us prior to placing your order if you would like to require a signature upon delivery (additional fees may apply).
Damaged Items:  If you receive a damaged package upon initial delivery, we ask that you do not accept it. If you receive a damaged or defective product, please contact us for instructions.
Warranties:  TheVacuumCenter does not provide warranties or warranty service.  Please contact the manufacturer for warranty questions. Shipping on all warranty items/claims must be paid for by the customer.
Kirby
Bissell
Bona
Bosch
Carpet Pro
Cirrus Vacuums
Compact TriStar
Dirt Devil
Dyson
e-cloth
Electrolux
Eureka
Filter Queen
Fresh Wave
Fit All Replacements
Fuller Brush
Panasonic
Rainbow
Stain-X
Sanyo
Shark / Euro-Pro
Your shopping cart is empty.
Subtotal
$0.00 USD
View Cart
Checkout