http://www.seattlegourmetcoffee.com/pages/shipping-returns-and-terms-of-service
Flat rate $5.00 shipping on all orders within the USA
Call Us: (206) 417-5599 or (866) 417-5599
Sign in
Cart
Shop Coffee
Subscriptions
About Us
Wholesale
Contact
FAQ
Merchandise
Cart
Menu
Shop Coffee
Subscriptions
About Us
Wholesale
Contact
FAQ
Merchandise
Sign in
Shipping, Returns, and Terms of Service
Shipping
If ordered Monday through Friday (except holidays), your order is usually processed the same day. If ordered on the weekend, the next available workday. Coffee is roasted and degassed (about 24 hours), then shipped per your shipper selection.EXAMPLE: Coffee is ordered on Monday morning, roasted and degassed, packaged on Tuesday, then shipped. If UPS is your selected shipper, they do not include the day of pick up or weekends as shipping days. The US Postal Service does count weekends as shipping days.
Returns
Seattle Gourmet Coffee values its customers and offers this returns or exchange policy.
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply return the item to us in its original condition within 14 days of receipt and we will work to resolve any concerns regarding your order.
Returned items:
If the incorrect item was shipped, you can ship back to us for an exchange. The product should be unopened and unused, and must be returned in its original packaging with any enclosed documentation providing proof of purchase from SGC. We will exchange for the proper product at no cost to you.
If product has been opened and you request an exchange you will be charged a $20.00 restocking fee on “Exotic Coffee” items and a $15.00 restocking fee on all other “Coffee” items.
Please note:
Goods will only be accepted for return if they are shipped within 14 days of ship date.
The item is your responsibility until it reaches us. Therefore for your own protection we recommend that you send the parcel using a delivery service that insures you for the value of the goods, and a means of tracking to make sure that we have received it.
The cost of returning the item to us is your responsibility.
Delivery charges are only refundable if we have sent you the wrong order.
We thank you for taking the time to read our returns or exchange policy. If you have any further questions please feel free to email us at info@seattlegourmetcoffee.com.
Terms & Conditions
Copyright and Trademark NoticeUnless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of this Store., Copyright © 2016, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Credit CardsWe accept the following credit cards: American Express, Visa and MasterCard. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon shipment of your order.
LinksThis site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we're not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Multiple Product OrdersFor a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. You will only be charged for products contained in a given shipment, plus any applicable shipping charges. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. The entirety of this shipping charge may be applied to the first product(s) shipped on a multiple shipment order.
Order Acceptance PolicyYour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. SGC reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
Other ConditionsThese Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether SGC signs them or not. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.
PrivacyWe keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the SGC site. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.When entering any of our contests or prize drawings, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or drawing you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the SGC site. You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
Privacy on Other Web SitesOther sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Our Store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
TaxesOur Store shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the same state. For orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Our Store shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Our Store shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Our Store shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price
Sign Up for our Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter and always be the first to hear about what is happening.
A Little Help
Wholesale
Contact Us
FAQs
Shop
My Account
My Cart
Shipping & Returns
© 2020 Seattle Gourmet Coffee.
Site by SeaMonster Studios