http://www.classicboat.com/privacy-policy.htm
HOME
|
Boats for Sale
| Employment | Inboard Marine Engines
|
LaPointes Restoration Shop
|
Trailers
Classic Boats
& Antique Boats
LaPointes Classic Boat & Motor
Boats for Sale
Boats for Sale - Sold Boats
Scrapbook: Proud New Owners
Inboard Marine Engines
Restoration Shop
Honduras Mahogany Lumber
Identify Your Classic Chris Craft
Sell Your Classic Boats
Classic Boat Financing
About Us
Custom Trailers
We stock
trailers for classic wooden boats
in various sizes from 17 ft on up.
Email Alerts
We recommend you
sign up for the antique boat Email
Alerts in order to reap the greatest benefit from this site. Simply
type your email address in
the box below.
You will receive a picture, price and description of each new classic boat we add to the web site within minutes of the listing. No need to check the site every day, you will always know what's new.
Get EMAIL ALERTS of New Antique Boats!
Email:
Privacy Policy
We Value Your Privacy
Online Purchases: When you enter a purchase transaction on our website, your are providing transaction information to our third-party suppliers, (such as transaction processors and financial institutions), who will use the information solely for the purpose of processing your requested transaction. There may also be other third-party vendors who supply software applications, web hosting and other technologies for this service, but
they will not use such information for anything other than to facilitate your transaction or future transactions.
Email Alerts: When you sign up for Email Alerts of new boats available for sale, you are providing your email address and other information, to our automated emailing vendor, Constant Contact. This information is used for the sole purpose of sending you pictures and information about new boats on our website.
You may unsubscribe instantly by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any of our Alert emails.
Legal Duties: In order to protect ourselves and our customers, we reserve the right to provide information in response to subpoenas, court orders or a legal process. We may also provide information to authorities in response to suspected fraud or malicious activities.
Financing
|
Parts |
Site Map |
Contact
Us |
Classified Ads |
Books
Wooden Boat Links
|
Wooden Boatbuilders of the Past