https://www.strapfactory.com/policies/
Policies & Payments
Refunds
All products sold from this website can be returned if faulty within 14 days of receipt and a replacement will be despatched. We want you to be happy with your purchase, Strapfactory is a UK company which upholds the UK Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013.
For any faulty items returned I will pay the shipping cost of the replacement strap. Any faults should be reported upon receipt and then returned within 14 days.
For any orders where the incorrect strap size and/or colour has been chosen, a replacement can be sent out.  The buyer will be expected to cover the postage costs of the order to be returned (large letter) and also the replacement to be sent out (large letter).
Making Payment
All charges will be made in UK£ which will be converted to local currency by your card company at the rate of exchange on the day of the transaction. You can get an idea of the cost in your local currency by obtaining a conversion from Universal Currency Converter.
All orders can be placed by telephone or online using the shopping cart. Online orders are processed through Stripe (or PayPal where selected), approved online payment gateways.
StrapFactory is not VAT registered.
As part of the checkout procedure you will be able to verify and amend your order if applicable.
During this process when asked to enter your card details you should see “https” at the start of the site address along with a padlock symbol at the top of the screen indicating the site is secure.
This e-commerce transaction will be forward to StrapFactory for processing without including your card number. You will be sent an order acknowledgement outlining the product(s) ordered.
Acceptance of an order will take place once the order has been despatched. An e-mail confirming the order has been despatched will be sent to you whilst an invoice will be included with the order itself.
When the order has been despatched this will confirm the purchase contract even though payment may have already been made, that is unless we have informed you the order hasn’t been accepted or you have cancelled your order.
Payment can be made by any of the following methods:
Mastercard
Visa
Maestro
Your Basket:Search:
Explore Categories:Calf Leather Watch Straps (18)
Deployant Clasps (2)
Extra Long & XXL Leather Watch Straps (18)
General Leather Watch Straps (14)
Hirsch Leather Watch Straps (9)
Military Watch Straps (11)
Open End Leather Watch Straps (6)
Padded Leather Watch Straps (15)
Popular Watch Straps (14)
Rubber & Resin Watch Straps (12)
Tools (1)
Waterproof Watch Straps (14)
Our website uses a number of cookies to improve your experience when using the website. We also use analytics cookies to monitor how people use the website, with a view to making improvements and making the site more useful.OkPrivacy policy