https://www.helminc.com/helm/privacy.asp?Style=
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.helminc.com and www.Helm.com of Helm Incorporated.
Information Collection and UseHelm is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Helm collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Providing E-Mail AddressIn order to receive e-mail confirmation of order and special notifications, a user must first provide their e-mail address. A user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address).
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income level and gender), and unique identifiers (such as vehicle owned), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
OrderWe request information from the user on our order form.
Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user will not be able to participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SharingWe will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we Helm are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & ContestsFrom time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
SecurityThis website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk.
When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information.
Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected.
Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to michele@helminc.com.
Supplementation of InformationIn order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
For example, to determine if our customers qualify for one of our credit cards, we use their name and social security number to request a credit report.
Once we determine a user’s credit-worthiness, this document is destroyed.
Special OffersIf you voluntarily provide your e-mail address, you will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and/or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service UpdatesWe also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Choice/Opt-outOur users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of receiving information from at the point where we ask for the information.
For example, our order form does not require a user to provide his/her e-mail address so users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.
We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Website Accessibility StatementHelm Inc., Helm Promotions, Inc., Helm West LLC and Helm Holding Company (collectively the “Company”) is committed to ensuring that the Company’s website is in compliance with Title III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. § 12181, et seq. and its implementing regulation at 28 CFR Part 36. If you are experiencing any difficulty in accessing any part of the Company’s website, or if you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at accessibility@helm.com.
Website Policy StatementIt is the Company’s policy to ensure that the content of the Company’s website is accessible to all of the Company’s users who visit the Company’s website for legitimate business purposes, including those with disabilities, by developing accessible content through the following means:
Conforming the Company’s website to the technical guidelines for web content set forth in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (“WCAG 2.0”) Level AA published by the World Wide Web Consortium (“W3C”) or other standard or combination of standards that will render the online content accessible to the maximum extent possible.
Distributing this Website PolicyStatement to Company content providers and technical support for www.helminc.com.
Linking this Website Policy Statement to the www.helm.com homepage as well as soliciting and providing a method to submit feedback through a dedicated Company email account.
Assigning Company resources to review feedback sent to the dedicated Company email account and providing written responses to user questions.
Prioritizing accessibility improvements and bug fixes to ensure that any necessary improvements or remedies are handled with the same level of urgency as any other equivalent loss of function or improvement for an individual without a disability.
Monitoring and updating the Website Policy Statement regularly.
To the maximum extent possible, the Company will ensure that online content developed for the Company by third parties with whom the Company has contracted for the purpose of providing web-based content is accessible to persons with disabilities.
However, the Company makes no assurances regarding any content or open source software that is posted, hosted, or offered on the Company’s website that is not within the control of the Company.
The Company will undertake to promptly remove any inaccessible third-party online content once the Company becomes aware of such inaccessible third-party online content.
The Company will continue to spend quality time and resource commitments to make improvements to www.helm.com and our website platform. As stated above in the Website Accessibility Statement, please direct any questions or suggestions to improve our accessibility of our site to accessibility@helm.com.
We welcome your feedback.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Buy Online or Call (800) 782-4356© 2020 Helm Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Statement | Help
Helm strives to ensure that it's website is accessible to individuals with disabilities.Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on helminc.com, please contact us at accessibility@helm.com for further assistance or to report a problem.Access to helminc.com is subject to Helm’s Privacy Policy.