https://www.baronboutique.com/privacy-policy/
GO
Home
Privacy Policy | Baron Boutique
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Baron Boutique. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this Baron Boutique site.
At Baron Boutique site, you can order products. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and information about your interests. You can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number to send gift and want it sent directly to the recipient.
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you about new products. We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products or services to them.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Finally, Baron Boutique site will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
If you have any questions or concerns about Baron Boutique privacy policy for the site or its implementation you may contact us at customerservice@baronboutique.com.
Contact Baron
Swatch Service
Retailers
Your Privacy
About Baron
Shipping & Delivery
Designers
Our Services
Behind Baron
Alteration, Return & Refund
How It Works
COVID19 Message
Subscribe
Receive updates on the latest products and promotions, sign up to receive our newsletter
Baron Boutique  © 1999 - 2020