http://www.kumfs.com/privacy-policy
Go
Sign up & receive
your next order
Sign up to our newsletter to be the first to receive updates on the latest product drops, exclusive offers and promotions.
Subscribe
You may unsubscribe at any time.
Welcome back!
You have
item(s) in your bag
- would you like to view your bag now, checkout or continue shopping?
Go to Bag
Go to Checkout
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, a reference to Munro Footwear Group, we, our or us is a reference to each of the following entities and the group as a whole:
Styling Services (NZ) Pty Ltd;
Styling Services Pty Ltd;
Cinori Shoes Pty Ltd;
Munro Wanted Pty Ltd;
Styletread Pty Ltd;
Munro Mountfords Pty Ltd;
Fusion Retail Brands Pty Ltd;
Australian Footwear Pty Ltd;
Diana Ferrari Pty Ltd;
Colorado Group Sourcing Pty Ltd;
MFG Shared Services Pty Ltd; and
any other related entities.
Munro Footwear Group is committed to ensuring that any Personal Information collected during the course of our operations is treated with respect and managed responsibly at all times.
We may update this policy from time to time, in which case we will post the changes on our website. Please refer back to this Privacy Policy to review any amendments.
Purpose
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to outline what Personal Information we collect during the course of running our business, what we do with the information received and what measures we take to keep this information secure. This Privacy Policy governs how we will deal with your Personal Information collected in connection with the supply of Goods and Services to you. This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information collected by us in connection with our website, social media accounts, applications, software and other technological means (Online Platforms), as well as in connection with any direct communication between you and us.
About Us
We are retailer and wholesaler of footwear, clothing and accessories (Goods) and provider of associated services including our loyalty rewards program(s) (Services). We are bound by the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016.679 (GDPR).
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information which we may collect and hold includes:
Personal Information – we may collect personal details such as an individual’s name, location, date of birth and nationality allowing us to identify who the individual is;
Contact Information – we collect information such as an individual’s email address, telephone number, user names, residential, business and postal address and other information that allows us to contact the individual;
Financial Information – we collect financial information such as any bank or credit card details used to transact with us and other information that allows us to transact with the individual and/or provide them with our Goods and Services;
Statistical Information – we collect behavioural and statistical information about an individual (i.e. your shopping preferences) in connection with the Goods and Services and/or the Online Platforms;
Credit Information – in respect of our commercial partners, we may collect credit information such as the type and amount of credit sought, repayment history information, default information and new arrangement information;
Employment Information – if you apply for a job with us, we may collect other information necessary to validate your skills, experience, right to work, employment history and this may include police and government agency checks.
If you do not provide certain Personal Information to us, this may affect our ability to provide our Goods and Services to you.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is information about you that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, details of health, disability, sexual orientation or criminal record.
It is our policy to only collect your sensitive information where it is reasonably necessary for our functions or activities and either you have consented or we are required or authorised under law to do so.
How We Collect Information
We may collect your Personal Information in various ways, including:
directly from you via our stores;
from third parties, including those described in the "Disclosure of Information Collected" section below;
from our own records regarding your previous purchases or other records held at our head office, including various departments such as Human Resources, Finance, Marketing and Information services;
when you visit our Online Platforms (for more information on what information is collected, see "Cookies" and "Information Security" below); and
from information in the public domain.
Any Personal Information provided to us will be treated in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act and GDPR. For more information regarding the Privacy Act, please refer to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner's website: www.oaic.gov.au.
Use of Information Collected
Any Personal Information we collect will be used primarily for the purposes for which it was collected. We do not sell or trade Personal Information to third parties. We may use your Personal Information:
to verify your identity;
to provide you with our Goods or Services;
to charge or bill you for those Goods or Services (including debt collection);
to report any default by you under payment terms with us;
to perform statistical analysis of customer shopping habits or other similar activities (for internal marketing purposes only);
to send you information about Goods and Services across the Munro Footwear Group;
in respect of your application for employment or your application for a wholesale account or commercial purposes;
to obtain feedback on how to improve our Goods or Services including products or customer service;
to consider and respond to complaints made by you; and
for any purpose related to the above.
We may disclose additional purposes for collection of your Personal Information in collection statements at the point of collection.
Disclosure of Information Collected
In some instances, it is necessary to disclose some of your Personal Information to third parties or contractors, such as providers of:
delivery services;
information technology services;
data storage or processing services;
billing (including but not limited to Zip and Afterpay) and debt-recovery services;
customer enquiries services;
mailing and direct marketing services; and
market research or website usage analysis services (including Google Analytics).
However, we will take reasonable steps to ensure our suppliers and contractors only use the information provided to them for relevant purposes, for example by requiring them to sign contracts containing appropriate privacy or confidentiality obligations.
In limited circumstances, we may also disclose your Personal Information to:
a third party purchaser of our business or part thereof;
our professional advisors, such as our lawyers, accountants, and auditors;
to government agencies or bodies, if we are required or authorised to do so by law including where we reasonably believe that an individual may be engaged in fraudulent, deceptive or unlawful activity that a governmental authority should be made aware of; and
organisations who manage the transfer or sale of our assets or business.
Disclosure of information to Credit Reporting Bodies
In order to assess and maintain an application made by you in respect of our Goods or Services (for example, wholesale accounts), we may obtain consumer credit reporting information about you from a credit reporting body (such as VEDA).  In addition, we may also disclose to a credit reporting body information about any default by you under our terms and conditions.
In this situation, we may collect Personal Information related to your eligibility to be provided with credit. Any consumer credit reporting information collected by us may be disclosed to any of the entities set out above for the purposes of processing any credit application for our Goods or Services, processing payments and any other related purpose.
For the purposes of providing consumer credit, we may disclose your Personal Information to credit reporting bodies for the purposes of undertaking a credit check in relation to an application made by you, including but not limited to::
VEDA      www.veda.com.au
Secure Sentinel - Email: customerservice@securesentinel.com.au, Phone: 1800 022 043
Verify – Postal address: Verify Holdings Australia Ltd Locked Bag 965, NORTH SYDNEY NSW 2059, Email:  info@verifycv.com.au
You may access a copy of VEDA’s policy about its management of credit information on its website at www.veda.com.au.
DUN & BRADSTREET            www.dnb.com.au
Email: pac.austral@dnb.com.au
Phone: 1300 734 806
You may access a copy of Dun & Bradstreet’s policy about its management of credit information on its website at www.dnb.com.au.
These credit reporting bodies may include any of your Personal Information, disclosed to them by us, in reports provided to other credit providers to assist other credit providers to assess your credit worthiness. You may access a copy of the credit reporting body’s policy about its management of credit information on its website. You have the right to make a request to the credit reporting body not to use or disclose your credit reporting information for the purposes of pre-screening of direct marketing by a credit provider or if you believe on reasonable grounds that you have been, or are likely to be, a victim of fraud.
Overseas Disclosures
We may disclose Personal Information to overseas recipients, including for example, related bodies corporate or our third-party service providers which are located overseas.
Anonymity
Where lawful and practicable, you have the option of remaining anonymous (or using a pseudonym) in your dealings with us. For example, we understand that when customers visit our Online Platforms they may not wish to become a member. We respect that and have provided visitors with the option to not sign up as a member and to drop out at any time if they no longer wish to be a member of Online Platforms.
Direct marketing
We may contact you with direct marketing communications and information about our Goods or Services or other products and services offered by us. If you have indicated a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method whenever practical to do so.
If you do not wish to have your Personal Information used for marketing by us please respond via the channel in which you received the marketing communication, or by contacting us on the contact details below. You can unsubscribe from emails by clicking the unsubscribe link on the footer of the email communication you have received.
We may disclose your Personal Information to other entities within the Munro Footwear Group for marketing purposes in respect of Goods and Services offered by entities within the Munro Footwear Group.
Access to Personal Information and keeping up-to-date
We take reasonable steps to keep your Personal Information accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, our ability to do this is subject to you informing us of any changes or updates to your details.
You may request access to or correction of your Personal Information held by us at any time by contacting us at our contact details below. We may ask you to verify your identity to ensure that Personal Information we hold is not improperly accessed.
If we deny you access or refuse to correct your Personal Information, we will inform you of the reasons why.
We may charge you a fee for providing access to your Personal Information, which reflects the cost incurred by us to provide you with access to this information however we will always offer you a free option for access.
Right to be Forgotten
In the event that you decide that you no longer want us to hold your Personal Information, you may notify us in writing on the contact details set out below, of your desire for us to delete your Personal Information on record. We will use our best endeavours and comply with all legal requirements within a reasonable timeframe to delete your Personal Information, unless we are required by law to retain such information.
Opting “In” or “Out”
By clicking “I agree” or any other button indicating your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
You may opt to not have us collect your Personal Information. This may however prevent us from offering you some or all of our Goods or Services and may result in access to some or all of our Goods or Services being terminated.
If you believe that you have received information from us that you have opted out of receiving (for example by unsubscribing), you should contact us on the contact details set out below.
Cookies
We use "system cookies" on our Online Platforms. A "system cookie" is a small amount of information stored on the user's computer by our web site server. The "system cookie" identifies the user's browser. It does not identify the user personally and no Personal Information is stored within our "system cookies". "System cookies" can be disabled by the user going to the preferences or options menus in their browser.
Safety and Security of Personal Information
We us industry standard security measures to minimise the risk of misuse, interference and loss, and unauthorised third party access, modification or disclosure of Personal Information.
Our Online Platforms conform to the standard of SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology, with credit card details and other information scrambled (encrypted) to minimise possible misuse by third parties.
A padlock/key is displayed on the lower right-hand corner or in your search address bar that indicates we have a secure site. Double click the padlock to see our certificate of authenticity.
Our website contains links to other sites, however no Personal Information is exchanged through these links. These links are for information purposes only.
We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party (including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your Personal Information to in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable laws). Third parties should have their own privacy and security polices which we encourage you to read before supplying any personal information to them.
We do not store or keep complete credit card numbers from on-line transactions. The first and last three numbers of your credit card number are kept for order verification purposes only.
Whilst every endeavour is made to ensure every shopping experience with us is a positive one, in the event a credit card is used without the holder's authorisation, the card holder must notify their credit card provider in accordance with their reporting rules and procedures.
Our internal network also has levels of security to ensure Personal Information of a sensitive nature is only accessible by authorised staff members. All hard copies of Personal Information of a sensitive nature are stored securely and are not accessible by unauthorised persons.
We will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify Personal Information if it is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed.
If you suspect any misuse or loss of, or unauthorised access to, your Personal Information, you should let us know immediately.
Where we become aware of any breach to our security systems that breaches or is likely to result in a breach of your rights or freedoms with respect to your Personal Information, we will notify you and any supervisory authority as required, at the earliest practical opportunity once we have established what was accessed and how it was accessed.
We are not liable for any loss, damage or claim arising out of another person’s use of the Personal Information where we were authorised to provide that person with the Personal Information
Identification Checks
For all online purchases, you may have the chance to be randomly selected to take part in an ID check to help prevent fraudulent card and account activity.
if you are randomly selected, our security team may require a screenshot or photo of your transaction as shown on your internet banking account transaction showing both the relevant entity name from the Munro Footwear Group as well as the total amount paid.
With this we can confirm that you are the account holder and no fraudulent or unauthorised activity has taken place.
Alternatively, we will partially refund you a small amount back into the account you made the purchase from. Once you have verified the amount we refunded it will confirm that you are the credit card holder.
Once we receive the confirmation, your order will be processed and shipped as soon as possible. If we do not receive the confirmed information within five working days your order will be cancelled and you will receive a full refund.
Fusion Rewards
We offer a rewards program for some entities and brands within the Munro Footwear Group (Fusion Rewards). We may use Personal Information to market our Fusion Rewards program to you or collect Personal Information through your participation in Fusion Rewards. This Privacy Policy shall apply to all Personal Information collected through Fusion Rewards or any other rewards program offered from time to time within the Munro Footwear Group.
Children and Young People
Our Online Platforms are accessible to people of all ages. However, we are mindful that some customers who register as members may be under the age of 18. In the interests of their personal safety, we urge children to check with their parents before entering Personal Information on any website and ask parents to discuss these issues with their children.
We will also ensure that appropriate disclosures are made at the time of collection of other information from minors, and will only collect this information as is reasonably necessary in the circumstances. Information collected will only be used for the purposes of which it was collected.
GDPR
If you are:
A resident of the European Union accessing our Online Platforms or receiving our Goods or Services in Australia; or
accessing our Online Platforms or receiving our Goods or Services from within the European Union,
then in addition to our obligations under the Privacy Act, we are required to comply with the GDPR with respect to your Personal Information.
Any reference to Personal Information in this Privacy Policy is also a reference to Personal Data (as defined under the GDPR).
We take the security and privacy of your Personal Information seriously and have prepared this Privacy Policy and taken measures to collect, process and hold all Personal Information in compliance with both the Privacy Act and GDPR regardless of the user. Therefore, no additional terms for GDPR users are required.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with the way we have handled your Personal Information we encourage you to contact our Privacy Officer with details of your complaint by using our contact details below.
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the Federal Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. More information can be obtained from the Commissioner's website at www.oaic.gov.au.
Contact Us
If you are having trouble unsubscribing from Munro Footwear Group emails, please contact unsubscribe@munrofg.com
For all other comments, complaints, suggestions or questions in relation to privacy, please contact us:
By post:
Privacy Officer,Munro Footwear Group28 Victoria Crescent, Abbotsford, VIC 3067Attention: CFO By email:Legal@Munrofg.com
Log In/Register
New Arrivals
Women's New Arrivals
Men's New Arrivals
Women's Shoes
Boots
Heels
Flats
Sandals
Wedges
Sneakers
Comfort
Pumps
Men's Shoes
Dress
Boots
Casuals
Sneakers
Sandals
Brands
Ara
Arcopedico
AQ by Aquila
Birkenstock
Clarks
Colorado
Django & Juliette
Gabor
Gamins
Geox
Gino Ventori
Hispanitas
Hush Puppies
Josef Seibel
Julius Marlow
Kroten
Laurence Crockett
Lloyd
Mollini
Pikolinos
Rockport
Romika
Skechers
Top End
Wild Rhino
Wonders
Ziera
Sale
Women's Sale
Men's Sale
Find a Store