https://www.tinyblessings.com/store-info/jewelry-guarantees/privacy-statement
CHRISTMAS SALE   UP TO 40% OFF  SHOP NOW
FREE 2-Day Shipping within USA! (over $49.) FREE Gorgeous Gift Wrapping, Polishing Cloth, Keepsake Pouch, & Certificate of Authenticity.
FREE 2-DAY SHIPPING *
Privacy Statement
We have created this Privacy & Security Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This Privacy Statement describes how Tiny Blessings collects information from all end users of Tiny Blessings' internet services (the "Services") - those who access some of our Services but do not make a purchase ("Visitors") as well as those who make a purchase ("Customers") - what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors and Customers have concerning the collection and use of such information. Tiny Blessings requests that you read this Privacy & Security Policy carefully. Introduction Tiny Blessings collects information in several different ways from Visitors and customers who access the different parts of our Services. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, absolutely do not share this information with anyone. We only use this information to process and fulfill your order.
Data Security The membership and login information you provide (including credit card information) is secured using top end 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use this SSL technology to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. The encrypted data goes to a secure site where your information is stored on a restricted-access computer located at a restricted-access physical location.
Responses to Email Inquiries When Visitors or Customers send email inquiries to Tiny Blessings, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Tiny Blessings does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
"Cookies" and How Tiny Blessings Uses Them A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. Tiny Blessings may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage your shopping cart items. If you are a Customer, we may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information.
Special Cases It is the policy of Tiny Blessings not to use or share the personal information about Visitors or Customers in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to prohibit such unrelated uses. However, Tiny Blessings may disclose personal information about Visitors or Customers, if we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to operate the Services properly or to protect Tiny Blessings and our Customers.
Tiny Blessings' Commitment to Children's Privacy Protecting children's privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws.
Revisions to This Policy Tiny Blessings reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted here and will only apply to information collected after any such change.
Where to Direct Questions About the Tiny Blessings Privacy & Security Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, contact: R. Vicenzi, Inc. 466 E. 1750 N., Suite A Vineyard, UT 84057 Phone toll free 1-800-791-9001
Privacy Statement
Our privacy statement at TinyBlessings.com.
exclusive
Jewelry Designs
You Won't Find Anywhere Else!
Christmas Sale 2020 Back Children's & Baby Jewelry Bracelets BraceletsBack Bracelets Adoré™ Charm Bracelets Classic Charm Bracelets 14k Gold Bracelets Letter Block Name Bracelets Engraved Name Bracelets Beaded Bracelets Christening & Baptism Bracelets Necklaces & Pendants Necklaces & PendantsBack Necklaces & Pendants Design Your Own Necklace 14K Gold Necklaces Silver Necklaces Lockets Earrings EarringsBack Earrings 14K Gold Earrings 14K White Gold Earrings 14K Rose Gold Earrings Stud Earrings Hoop Earrings Rings RingsBack Rings Silver Rings 14K Gold Rings Jewelry Just for Boys Jewelry Just for BoysBack Jewelry Just for Boys Bracelets for Boys Necklaces for Boys Back Teens Teen Bracelets Teen BraceletsBack Teen Bracelets Name Bracelets Beaded Bracelets 14K Gold Bracelets Teen Earrings Teen EarringsBack Teen Earrings 14K Gold 14K White Gold 14K Rose Gold Necklaces & Pendants Necklaces & PendantsBack Necklaces & Pendants Design an Engraved Pendant & Charm Necklace Engraved Pendants 14K Gold Necklaces Silver Necklaces Rings RingsBack Rings Silver Rings for Teens
Stylish
Fine Jewelry for Teens
Back Mothers Mothers Bracelets Mothers BraceletsBack Mothers Bracelets Single Strand Bracelets Matching Mother's & Baby Bracelets Mothers Pendants Mothers PendantsBack Mothers Pendants Design an Engraved Pendant & Charm Necklace Engraved Pendants Women's Earrings Women's EarringsBack Women's Earrings 14K Gold Earrings 14K White Gold Earrings Grandmothers Jewelry Gifts for Fathers
Mother's
Jewelry
Meaningful & Personalized
Gifts for Mother's
Back Occasions Christening & Baptism Christening & BaptismBack Christening & Baptism Christening and Baptism Bracelets Necklaces & Pendants Earrings Rings Just for Boys First Communion First CommunionBack First Communion First Communion Bracelets Religious Earrings First Communion Necklaces Religious Rings Just for Boys
Christening
& Communion Jewelry Gifts
My AccountCreate an Account
Sign In