http://www.justblinds.com/help/policies
Guarantee, Warranty, and Shipping Policies | JustBlinds
CUSTOMER SERVICE: 1-800-959-9939
ALWAYS FREE SHIPPING. ALWAYS LOW PRICE.
CONFIDENCE DELIVERED: GET A DELUXE WARRANTY
JUSTBLINDS. SIMPLY SIMPLE SINCE 1999
life should be this simple.
Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Wood Blinds
Aluminum Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Shades
Cellular Shades
Roller Shades
Solar Roller Shades
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Horizontal Shades
Pleated Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Outdoor Shades
Shutters
Shutters
Help
How to Measure
Become an expert with our step-by-step measuring guides.
Shipping & Policies
Read our shipping policies and warranty information.
Child Safety
Find out what the safer options are for kids and pets.
On Sale!
Check out our latest sales and promos!
How to Install
You can do it! We make installing window treatments easy.
Check Order Status
Get excited! You can check the status of your blinds order here.
Frequently Asked Questions
Want to get brainy about blinds? We've got you covered.
Video Central
View measure and installation videos, product demos and more all in one spot.
Order Status
Cart
OCTOBER 10, 2020 - COVID-19 Update -
Learn More
We are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to COVID-19. Skip the wait and check your order status online.
A note from the team at JustBlinds.
We, at justblinds.com, know that times are uneasy, and we sincerely wish everyone well as we find ourselves in uncharted territory with Covid-19.
We want you to know that our business remains open and our sales and customer service teams are available ready to help. Just reach out.
FAQ's
Can you order samples?
Great news! Our crew at Justblinds is now able to send out samples on a limited selection of our products with plans to expand this to our full array of products soon. You can view availability on each product page. To ensure the safety of our associates, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to ensure appropriate social distancing. This may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience.
Any changes to ordering or shipping time?
You can order blinds, shades and shutters as you normally would. We are working hard to communicate with all of our vendors and partners to ensure we provide the most recent information for all window treatments on our sites. Want to know how long your choices will take to make? As usual, you can check each item's production time right from that product's page.
What does all this mean for customers?
For the most part, it's business as usual. We are working. We are staying home. We have amazing teams well-equipped to help our customers from just about anywhere — whether it's at our offices or remotely from our homes, we've got your back.
Our commitment to safety and our customers
We truly value you, our staff and all of our communities, so in following our local government's Stay Home — Work Safe order and best practices provided by the CDC, we are working remotely and will continue to go above and beyond to provide the best customer service and deliver quality window treatments to you all.
MENU
Help
About Us
Affiliates
Check Order Status
Child Safety
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Install
How to Measure
Shipping Policies
Promotions and Exclusions
California Supply Chain Act
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
justblinds Policies
Order Errors
Warranties
Order Changes
Color Disclaimer
Promotions and Exclusions
Freight Damage & Missing Parts
Shipping Policies
Sales Tax
Security
Terms of Use
Legacy Guarantee (Orders Before 2/1/18)
Errors in Your Order
All of our products are custom made to order so it is very important that you follow our measuring and installation instructions. It is equally important that you review your email order confirmation for accuracy. Of course we realize that mistakes may occur, which is why we offer the Standard and Deluxe Warranty options below.
Warranties
Standard Warranty
We extend the following warranty free of charge to the original purchaser of window treatments, which are properly installed in the original window, with proof of purchase. This is in addition to any warranty provided by manufacturers of products sold under brand names.
What is covered:
Materials, operating mechanisms (including cords and ladders) and other parts are covered for 3 years. You will be charged for replacement parts on any order that’s more than 3 years old.
Manufacturer defects and shipping damage (reported within 14 calendar days)
What is not covered:
Variations in texture, construction or color of natural products, slight warping of wood products, and natural color changes to materials that take place over time.
Product failure due to any of the following:
Improper installation, operation or cleaning
Normal wear and Tear
Excessive exposure to heat, sunlight or moisture
Damage from children, pets or insects
Improper cleaning
Alteration of any kind
Products that exceed size recommendations or are outside of product specifications
Deluxe Warranty
In addition to the justblinds Standard Warranty, we also offer a Deluxe Warranty for a one-time upgrade fee. This warranty can be applied to any product and offers the following coverage (in addition to everything included in the Standard Warranty):
30-Day Measure Protection: If your new window covering doesn’t fit due to a measuring mistake, let us know within 30 days after delivery and we’ll remake it at no cost to you, unless there’s a difference in price between your old and new window coverings, or if the new window covering requires a shipping fee (oversized products).
30-Day Design Assurance: If you’re unsatisfied with the look or quality of your new window covering, contact us within 30 days after delivery. We’ll remake it at no cost to you, unless there’s a price difference between your old and new window coverings, or if the new window covering incurs a shipping fee (oversized products).
3-Year Breakage Guard: Whether it’s because of an accident, operating malfunction or just daily wear and tear, we’ve got you covered if your window treatment breaks. Contact us and we’ll either repair or remake your window covering as needed.
You can upgrade to the Deluxe Warranty when customizing your product, just before adding to cart.
Limit one remake per product
Resolution of Warranty Issues:
Repair or Replace: We will determine, at our discretion, whether the product will be repaired or replaced.
Product Discontinuation: If a product replacement is needed for a discontinued product still under warranty, we will provide a substitute product that matches as closely as possible. In the event that there are multiple products in the same room, only the defective product will be repaired or replaced. Every effort will be made to match the original specifications.
Shipping Costs: After a 1 year period, the customer is responsible for any shipping costs associated with warranty repair.
After Warranty Expiration:
After the warranty expires, many products can still be repaired for a nominal charge.
In many cases, a repair kit with the necessary components and instructions to facilitate the repair can be sent to the customer. A nominal charge may apply.
Resolution Procedures: Call the number on our website, and provide your original order number.
This warranty takes the place of all other stated warranties, whether written or oral. In no event shall we be liable for incidental or consequential damages that may result from any defect in product or breach of this warranty. We reserve the right to inspect any part or component prior to replacements. In order for repair or replacement to be made, a Bill of Sale, canceled check or other payment record verifying the original purchase date must be presented to us. The exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages may vary according to state of purchase, therefore the above limitations or exclusions may not be applicable to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and may also include other rights which may vary from state to state.
Changing Your Order
All products are made to order and production normally begins the day after an order is placed. Therefore we are happy to change or cancel orders as long as we are contacted within 24 calendar hours from the date the order was submitted to us. Please call our Customer Service department at 866-398-5302 to process any changes or cancellations.
We cannot accept address changes once the manufacturer has shipped your product.
Color Disclaimer
Due to variances among color monitors the colors that appear on your screen may not be exact.
If color is important, we strongly encourage you to order free samples before purchasing. You can add samples to your cart from any product page.
Stained finish real wood blinds:
There are natural variances in the wood's color, grain, etc. that cause dye lots to vary in color. Although we consider these variances to be minimal there is no way to assure an exact color with stained wood blinds. If you are ordering real wood blinds with a stained color finish be sure to purchase all your blinds at the same time so they are manufactured from the same dye lot. We will only guarantee a color match for blinds that are purchased together on the same order.
Natural wood shades (matchstick & woven wood):
Natural wood shades are made from bamboo, rattan, reeds, jutes, and other natural woods. Because they are a natural product the colors can vary substantially between dye lots. If you are ordering natural wood shades and you want them to match make certain you purchase all of your shades at the same time so they are manufactured from the same material lot. We will only guarantee a color match for shades that are purchased together on the same order. Green bamboo should gradually change to a more yellow/tan color over time.
Promotional Code, Discount and Coupon Exclusions
*Promotions or discounts - Limit one discount coupon per order. Must be used in one transaction. Not redeemable for cash, gift cards, gift certificates or store credit. Offer valid only while supplies last or until expiration date and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges or similar charges. Returns or exchanges where a restock, remake or other discount was applied may result in an adjusted refund amount. Promotional offers may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.
Sitewide Sale Exclusions
Select products, at times, may be excluded from promotional discounts during a sitewide sale. In this situation, a specific product or products will not display a discount when viewed and no discount will apply to the cost of an excluded item when a promotion is applied at checkout. Varying products may be excluded from a promotion at any time. Products excluded from a sale will be visible on the website or promotional materials.
Promotion and Sale Details
Information on promotional offers and discounts for merchandise.
Buy One, Get the Second One 50% Off Sale
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One 50% Off" or "BOGO 50%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. Customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 50% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the 50% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy One, Get the Second One 60% Off Sale
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One 60% Off" or "BOGO 60%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. Customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 60% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the 60% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy One, Get the Second Free
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One Free" or "BOGO" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive a second product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Two, Get the Third Free
Also referred to as "Buy Two, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first two products and a then receive a third product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Three, Get the Fourth Free
Also referred to as "Buy Three, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first three products and a then receive a fourth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Four, Get the Fifth Free
Also referred to as "Buy Three, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first four products and a then receive a fifth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 5 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Save up to "A Specific Percent"
Promotional messaging and sales that include "up to" phrasing describe a tiered sales event in which the mentioned sale items would be discounted at a percentage number within a range described in the promotion.
"Selected products" references the specific items currently on sale. Save "up to" any percent is a general term to define the maximum discount within a range of discounts included in that sale. Products on sale can be listed at a discount anywhere between 1% - a set maximum percent off standard retail value in this example. All sale items and their individual discounts will be displayed on the website on each sale item. Promotions of this type may be for any sale percentage.
Examples:
Save up to 45% sitewide - All items will be on sale but at different discounts ranging up to 45%.
Save up to 50% on selected products - Selected items on sale will vary in discounts that range up to 50% off.
Freight Damage & Missing Parts
Upon receipt of your order please be sure to inspect boxes carefully and note any immediately observed damage to the driver. If items are damaged do not discard boxes! All freight claims must be reported to justblinds Customer Service within 14 calendar days of the original delivery date. We highly encourage you to take pictures of the damage, as the carrier will likely require them to process your claim.
To report a freight claim issue within this 14 calendar day period please contact us.
If any parts are missing from your order (including installation materials such as screws and brackets), please contact us within 30 calendar days and we’ll help you get replacement parts. If it has been more than 30 calendar days since you received your order, there will be a charge for any requested parts.
Shipping Policies
At justblinds, we like to keep it simple. That’s why we offer always-free shipping anywhere in the United States, with the following exceptions:
We cannot ship shutters to Hawaii or Alaska.
Any order containing shutters will be canceled. If you have other items on your order, you will have to re-order them.
We’ll contact you by phone and email within 24 hours to inform you of the cancellation. Please note the cancellation will occur even if you don’t answer.
Your card will be credited within 5 to 7 business days.
For oversized products (96" or over in width or height), we’ll contact you by phone and email to collect a shipping fee.
$30 fee per oversized product.
If you do not answer or respond within 24 hours to confirm payment, your order will be canceled.
We cannot ship to PO Box addresses or to overseas military bases (APO/FPO addresses).
We cannot accept address changes once the manufacturer has shipped your product.
Holiday Shipping Deadlines
Guaranteed Delivery by Thanksgiving - Or it’s FREE
*All orders made by November 1, 2019 are guaranteed by Thanksgiving. Maximum refund of $1,000 per order. This offer does not apply to shipments outside of the 48 contiguous United States. We cannot guarantee delivery before Thanksgiving for oversold materials, incomplete orders, specialty shapes, arches, skylights, shutters, motorized products, oversized products, draperies, custom template products, products with stated production times that will preclude delivery by the holiday, orders of more than 20 blinds, or in an event of a natural disaster; delivery subject to shipping availability. Must call to claim guarantee by December 06, 2019.
Sales Tax
In compliance with state tax laws, we are required to charge state sales tax.
Security Policy
justblinds uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. For online transactions we utilize Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts your credit card number and other personal information as it travels from your computer to our server. As an added security measure your card number is deleted from our database once your order is processed. We treat your data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access.
Terms of Use
This site, or any portion of this site, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by justblinds, LP. justblinds, LP reserves the right to refuse service and/or cancel orders at its discretion including, without limitation, if justblinds, LP believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of justblinds, LP.
Copyright
All content and any compilations thereof included on this site, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of justblinds, LP and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of justblinds, LP and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource only. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
justblinds is a trademark of justblinds, LP in the United States. justblinds graphics, logos and service names are trademarks of justblinds, LP and may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not justblinds, LP in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits justblinds, LP.
Applicable Law
This site is created and controlled by justblinds, LP in the State of Texas, USA. As such, the laws of the State of Texas will govern these disclaimers, terms and conditions without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. We reserve the right to make changes to our site and these disclaimers, terms and conditions at any time.
Disclaimer
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY justblinds, LP ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. justblinds, LP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, justblinds, LP DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL justblinds, LP BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee
The 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee applies ONLY to orders placed before February 1, 2018. For information regarding orders placed before that date, please call us at 1-800-959-9939. For orders placed on or after February 1, 2018, please see our Standard and Deluxe Warranty options.
Sign up & Save $20
on orders of $200 or greater.
Don't miss out on sales, tips, and new products.
Yes, Keep Me Updated!
Opt-out at anytime. View privacy policy here.
Shop Custom Blinds & Shades
Aluminum Blinds
Cellular Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Faux Wood Blinds
Outdoor Shades
Plantation Shutters
Pleated Shades
Roller Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Shades
Vertical Blinds
Wood Blinds
Woven Wood Shades
We'll Make It Easy!
SALES:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 9PM EST
SERVICE:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 7PM EST
Get In Touch!
Direct Line:
1-800-959-9939
About Us
Products
Shipping & Policies
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
FAQs
FREE Samples
Child Safety
Measuring
Installation
Current Sales
Video Central
Order Status
Affiliates
California Supply Chain Act
Sitemap
Viewing prices as of
Show current prices
Logged in as
Empty Cart
Logout
on behalf of
Current
yourself