https://www.hnfoods.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Home
» Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions These Terms of Use apply to the entire contents of this website under the domain name www.hnfoods.co.uk (the "Website"). Please read them carefully, as by using the Website you agree to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to these Terms of use or our Privacy Policy, you may not use the Website and may not register as an HNF customer.
The Website is operated by House of Natural Food Ltd, registered under company number 2173333 with its registered office at Alma Park, Grantham, Lincolnshire, NG31 9SL ("we", "us" or "our" as appropriate in the context).
Introduction
Registration and security
Intellectual property
Your use of the website
Links to other websites, advertising and sponsorship
Availability of the website
Our liability
Indemnity
Miscellaneous
1 INTRODUCTION
1.1 These Terms of Use govern your use of the Website, and all relevant Terms and Conditions will apply to any orders and purchases made on the Website.
1.2 We reserve the right to update these Terms of Use at any time, so please check them periodically, as all changes will be binding on you provided that you use the website after they have been made.
2 REGISTRATION AND SECURITY
2.1 You must be 18 or over to register an account with HNF and purchase goods from the Website. Please ensure that the details you provide upon registration are accurate and complete. If there are any changes to the information you provided to us when registering, please notify us as soon as possible so that we can update your personal details.
2.2 You will be asked to create a password when you set up an account with us. You will be solely responsible for all activities and orders that occur on your account, so please ensure that you keep your password confidential and do not disclose it to anyone else. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us immediately by contacting us.
2.3 We reserve the right to decline a new customer registration or suspend or cancel a customer's account at any time at our sole discretion, and we reserve the right to terminate your access to all or part of our services at any time without notice.
3 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
3.1 The content of the Website is protected by copyright, trademarks, database and other intellectual property rights owned by us or our licensors. You may not use the content of the Website except in accordance with Clause 4 below.
4 YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE
4.1 You may retrieve and display the content of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print and download extracts from the Website provided that this is for your own use and provided you do not:
4.1.1. modify documents or related graphics in any way; or
4.1.2. use graphics separately from accompanying text; and provided that you ensure that our copyright and trademark notices appear in all copies.
4.2 Subject to Clause 4.1, you may not reproduce, modify, copy or distribute any of the content of the Website without our prior written consent.
4.3 You may not reproduce, modify, copy or distribute any of the content of the Website for commercial purposes without our prior written consent.
4.4 You may not use the Website for any of the following purposes:
4.4.1. disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material;
4.4.2. transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or codes of practice;
4.4.3. gaining unauthorised access to other computer systems;
4.4.4. interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Website; or
4.4.5. engaging in technically harmful behaviour, which includes but is not limited to computer viruses, logic bombs, trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data and other malicious software or harmful data.
4.5 We reserve the right to refuse to post material on the Website or to remove material already posted.
4.6 You may only scrape the Website on the basis that by doing so you are permitting us to scrape any website owned or controlled by you.
4.7 All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved.
5 LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES, ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP
5.1 We may provide links from time to time to third party websites. Such third parties are organisations with whom we have established relationships. If you use these links you will be leaving the Website, and entering sites operated by third parties who operate their own policies governing your use of their sites, and their use of your personal data.
5.2 Whilst we aim to provide you with links to reputable websites which we think may be of interest to you, we have not reviewed such websites and have no control over them. We do not endorse or make any representations, whether as to quality, propriety or otherwise, about such websites or any of their contents or results that may be obtained by using them. Nor do we accept any liability for any issues arising in connection with the third party's use of your data, the website content or the services offers to you by these websites.
5.3 The Website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Third party advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Website complies with relevant laws and codes. We shall not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material.
6 AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE
6.1 We endeavour to ensure the Website is available 24 hours a day, 6 days a week,, but occasionally your access to the Website may be restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services.
6.2 We aim to provide the best service possible, but do not warrant that that the Website will be fault or error free. If you detect a fault, please contact us and we will endeavour to correct the fault as quickly as we can.
7 OUR LIABILITY
7.1 We try to ensure that all material included on the Website is correct and of high quality. However, the Website is provided by us on an "as is" basis without any warranties or guarantees. We do not accept responsibility for any errors, omissions, or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Website.
7.2 Subject to Clause 7.3 we shall not be liable for:
7.2.1. any viruses or other disabling features that affect you access to or use of the Website;
7.2.2. incompatibility of the Website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links;
7.2.3. delays or failures which you may experience whilst conducting any transactions on the Website;
7.2.4. technical problems including errors or interruptions of the Website;
7.2.5. unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Website, or the inadequacy of the Website to meet your requirements;
7.2.6. consequential or incidental damages (including but not limited to loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Website.
7.3 Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit our liability for:
7.3.1. death or personal injury cause by our negligence; or
7.3.2. fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by us; or
7.3.3. any liability which we cannot exclude or limit by law.
8 INDEMNITY
8.1 You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses that arise out of:
8.1.1. the content you submit, post or transmit via the Website; or
8.1.2. your use or misuse of the Website; or
8.1.3. your breach of these Terms of Use.
9 MISCELLANEOUS
9.1 The delay or failure of either party to exercise its rights provided for in these Terms of Use shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder.
9.2 If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to enable these Terms of Use to remain in full force and effect.
9.3 These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and the parties shall submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Continue