http://www.mannsmusic.co.uk/termsandconditions.htm
Home
Shop By Category
Shop By Brand
About Mann's
Help & Contact
Customer Feedback
Login / Register
Call Us Today On01206 572783
Terms & Conditions
PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICYAt Mann’s Music we respect your privacy and would never pass information you give us onto a third party. When placing your order the information you give us will only be used to process your order as quickly and efficiently as possible. We may retain any information you provide on this website and we may use this to notify you of any relevant products we are offering. You will always be given an op out option when processing your order and any emails we send will have an easy op out link.These terms will always be published on our website on this link for future reference and you can save a copy of these terms to your computer for reference at any time. .INFORMATION WE COLLECTIn order to make a purchase you will need to register your details. You will be required to provide us with your contact details and certain other information which help with the delivery of your order. We use Google analytics to track certain information such as the users geographical location and method by which a user arrived at our site. We are not able to personally identify individuals from this information.COOKIESCookies are vital to an on-line shop. Mann’s Music currently use 'implied consent' which means that we assume you are happy with us using cookies. We use a session cookie which remembers your log-in and what you have put in your basket. If you choose to disable these then you will not be able to place an order If you would like further information on what cookies do please go to - www.bbc.co.uk/webwise/guides/about-cookies.It is possible to browse our site using the privacy settings with your browserCUSTOMER COMPLAINTSWe aim to deal with complaints quickly and efficiently. In the first instance please direct any complaints to either enquiries@mannsmusic.co.uk or ring 01206 572783. Complaints will be responded to within 3 working days. Our response will state who is dealing with the complaint and fully inform the complainant the procedure that theTerms and ConditionsMann’s Music do not restrict your rights as a consumer and there are no terms and conditions which restrict your statuary rights under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013PaymentOrders placed via our site using debit or credit cards will have the payment amount debited to the customers card at point of purchase. Our site will not take an order if the product is not ready to leave either the same of next day. Should we be unable to locate the stock or not be satisfied that the condition of the stock is acceptable then the customers will be contacted and advised. At this point the payment can be refunded immediately or left if the customer is willing to wait until the goods are available for dispatch. The vendor accepts 30 days credit terms from recognised educational establishments but that in such cases the goods remain the property of Mann’s Music until such payment is received.DeliveryMann’s Music shall not be bound by a contract of sale until the goods have been received by the customer. As indicated on the product pages the availability lines we sell are clearly shown and the website will only allow stock items to be ordered. Mann’s Music reserve the right to part ship should for some reason part of an order not be available. Mann's offers next day delivery on all items ordered before Midday.  Goods Damaged in TransitAny shortages or damage must be reported to Mann’s Music within 24 hours or next working day from the delivery date. Mann’s Music will collect damaged goods from the customer and deliver replacement goods as quickly as possible at its own expense. Mann’s Music cannot accept responsibility for damage reported after 24 hours after receiving the goods.Cancellation of OrdersThe customer has a statutory 14 day cooling off period from the day on which they receive the goods. During this period return requests can be made by email and the Vendor will issue an RMA number. Goods must be packed in the original packaging and ideally in the same outer packaging or if not available a suitable box to protect the goods on the return leg. Mann’s Music is not responsible for damage caused by in adequate packaging and any refund may be reduced if the goods are returned either not in the manufacturers packaging or damaged. Goods will be returned at the customer’s expense.Some items are only eligible for cancellation if returned to us unused and sealed. These items includeHarmonicasSoftwareEarplugsMouthpieces and reedsMann’s Music may cancel any order placed by a customer if we are no longer able to supply the product or we suspect the transaction to be fraudulent.Defective Goods Within WarranteeAll products carry a one year warrantee unless other stated.  If the item becomes defective within one month of delivery then Mann’s Music will arrange collection and repair entirely at our cost. If the product cannot be repaired then the product will be replaced. If the item becomes defective within the warrantee period but after 30 days, then the conditions are the same but the customer has the responsibility of returning the product to Mann’s Music. The manufacturers warrantee does not include items that become defective due to misuse or accidental damage. On inspection should we find that the fault is not covered by the manufacturers warrantee then the goods will be returned at the customers expense.
Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+