https://www.nicks.com.au/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Contact Us FREE CALL 1800 069 295 Outside Australia 613 9848 1153 sales@nicks.com.au Store Location
Resources About Us How to Use this Site Our Rating System Vintage School Wine & Spirit Maps Fundraiser Plan
Why Buy From Us
Biggest online range in Australia
We taste & rate most of what's on this site
Knowledgeable and Helpful staff
100% Money Back Guarantee
Local & International Delivery
Support Mon-Sun 10am-5pm
Truly independent.
Nicks Wine Merchant's Privacy Policy
If you use this Site, you have agreed to the Privacy Policy of Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct, which is set out below.Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct will review its Privacy Policy from time to time and it reserves the right to modify or delete portions of the policy at any time. Therefore, you should review this page periodically. If you have any comments, please email Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct on sales@nicks.com.au. Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct are committed to protecting the privacy of personal information that we collect about the visitors to our site and abides by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).Personal InformationWe do collect personal information about visitors to our site. However, you will have to submit this information voluntarily. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with information or a product you requested.Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct may engage in activities with business partners and sponsors with whom your personal information may be shared. Therefore, in such situations, we recomamend that you review the privacy policy of our business partner or sponsor.We are not responsible for the practices or content of Web sites that are operated by third parties but are linked to our site. Such links are for convenience only. If we are linked to third party sites, then it does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct of the content, policies or practices of those sites. If you leave our site via such a link, you should check the privacy policy of the third party site.Use of Personal InformationThe personal information that visitors to our site give us will be used for the purpose for which it is submitted, unless we disclose other uses in this Privacy Policy or at the time we collect your personal information.Use of Personal Information by Third PartiesNicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct may use third parties to manage activities that may be on our site from time to time, including, but not limited to, promotions and statistical analysis. These parties may have access to the personal information submitted by visitors who participate in those activities. Similarly, we may contract with third parties to handle requests for information that is submitted to our site. For instance, we may send you an email newsletter(s). Or, for example, we may contract third parties to send you requests for service and / or product reviews related to Nicks Wine Merchants. In most cases, Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct will instruct these third parties to use this personal information only for the specific purpose for which we collected it. If Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct has a bulletin board or chat room, then any information that is posted on it or communicated through the chat room will become public information. While we strive to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information disclosed on a bulletin board or in a chat room.Use of Information as Aggregate DataWe reserve the right to collect certain non-personal information, which may optimise our Web pages for your computer. The sort of information would include the identity of your Internet browser, your IP address, the type of operating system you use, and the domain name of your ISP). We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes, including ways of improving our site.Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct may use personal information in aggregate form to improve our site. We may compile statistics and analyse information. Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct also may provide such information to others, in the form of a summary, for purposes such as marketing, advertising or research. For example, we may wish to state in our summary that X number of people visited our site on a particular day and Y number clicked on an advertiser's banner advertisement.We may Disclosure your Personal InformationNicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct may disclose personal information in situations where we reasonably believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering with our rights, either intentionally or unintentionally. Of course, if the law requires we disclose personal information, we will.Data SecurityNicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct strives to ensure the security, integrity of your personal information. However, you must be aware, that no Internet data transmission is totally secure. Therefore, we warranty the security of any information you may sent to us or from our online products and services. If you send your credit card details, be assured that industry-standard encryption is used.Right of Access and CorrectionGenerally speaking, you may access the personal information Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct holds about you. Generally, if any of that information is incorrect, you can have that information corrected. If you have provided us with your personal information and you later decided that you would no longer like to receive information from us, follow the "unsubscribe" directions at the end of any email communication you receive from us.CookiesData that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes are called Cookies. Nicks Wine Merchants - Vintage Direct uses industry-standard Cookies, which enables us to track usage patterns. We would do that usually to compile data so as to improve the content of our site and to better target any advertising. If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, most browsers allow for a simple procedure to deny or accept the Cookie feature. However, Cookies may be necessary to place purchase orders.
This privacy policy sets out how Nicks Wine Merchants uses and protects any information that you give Nicks Wine Merchants when you use this website. Nicks Wine Merchants is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Nicks Wine Merchants may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.