https://www.artisticpaintingstudio.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footer
(714) 269-4880
Cart
Checkout
Who we are
Artistic Painting Studio owns and operates the websites known as www.artisticpaintingstudio, www.stencilledgarden.com, www.studiojrenee.com.
We are committed to your protecting your privacy and keeping your information confidential.
What data Artistic Painting Studio collects about you, why it’s collected:
Data collected through communications includes any communication you send to us whether from the website contact form, email, text, social media messaging, social media posting, or through any other means.
The information collected may include: name and title; contact information including email address; personal information such as postal code, preferences and interests; information relevant to customer offers.
In addition, collected customer data may be used for any purchase of goods or services through our websites.
This may include: Your name, title, billing address, delivery address, email address, phone number, contact details, purchase details and card details.
How this data is used: to supply the goods or services you have purchased; to keep records of the transactions; to resolve conflicts or disputes; to let you know about similar products that we offer.
Artistic Painting Studio collects data regarding your preferences of receiving marketing from us and my third parties. This data is used to contact and offer such things as blog updates, class offerings, promotional materials, and related events (both on the website as well as on social media). The data also helps to ensure our website content is helpful to you.
Technical Data such as IP addresses, your login data, details about your browser, time zones, and length of visit may also be collected. This is compiled from Google Analytics tracking software. This data is used to improve our website in areas of administration, security, online services.
Data collected helps to tailor our websites to meet your needs and effectively provide you services. This in turn helps us grow an email list through an effective marketing strategy.
Artistic Painting Studio, does not collect any sensitive data about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
How and why Cookie data is collected
Cookies gather information to help analyze data about website traffic offering marketing insight. This insight helps improve the website experience. Cookies are turned off and on within your browser and can be adjusted as you see fit. Turning off cookies may affect the functionality of some areas of our website. Cookies collected by third parties:  Google Analytics, Shopify and social media pixels.
Our websites may contain affiliate links. Please be aware we do not control how they collect personal information. Use caution and read carefully their privacy policies to ensure the safety of your personal information. Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who else has access to this information:
Artistic Painting Studio will only share your personal data with need-to-know administrative employees, IT service providers, professional advisers, such as lawyers and collection agencies.
Artistic Painting Studio will not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third parties without your consent. With your consent we may use your personal information to send you promotional information regarding third parties. We do not intend to transfer your data to other countries.
We may provide your information to any successor in interest in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the the Artistic Painting Studio’s asserts and/or business.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
The understands Google along with all other web browsers must adhere to any and all laws, of any and all States with the United States and abroad when anyone under the age of 18 years old is involved. Artistic Painting Studio is law compliant. Artistic Painting Studio does not hire children to perform any work on this web property or for the company itself. Children are not allowed to peruse, join, read, write or co-join this website.
Children is defined as a person under the age of 18 years age, no matter if they are emancipated or not, or they are the ward of court jurisdictions. Children are not allowed to contract, therefore, may not purchase services and or products from Artistic Painting Studio.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information; respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
• We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
• NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
• Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only those individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Your Legal Rights
Should you have any questions regarding this policy or wish to obtain a copy of your personal information kept on our files please email the Artistic Painting Studio @ Jennifer@artisticpaintingstudio.com
Changes to this privacy policy
Artistic Painting Studio, has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and Terms of Service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Details
Jennifer R Ferguson, Artistic Painting Studio, jennifer@artisticpaintingstudio.com, 15102 Bolsa Chica St., Unit E, Huntington Beach, CA . 92649
FooterCustomer Service
Find a Retailer Near You
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Class Policies
Privacy Policy
Contact
Partner with APS
Retailer Opportunities
APS Affiliate Program
Blogger Outreach Program
FacebookInstagramLinkedInPinterestYouTube