http://www.campagnolo.com/US/en/privacy_policy
Select country
International
Italy
United States
Canada
France
Benelux
Spain
Japan
Germany and Swiss
United Kingdom
Australia and New Zeland
Select language
Select language
Italiano
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Change country
Confirm
Your shopping cart is empty
close
search
Groupsets
Disciplines
Road Racing
Triathlon
Gravel
Electronic Groupsets
Rim
Disc
Mechanical Groupsets
Rim
Disc
Discover the exclusive Campagnolo technologies
Electronic technologies
Mechanical Technologies
Wheels
Disciplines
Road Racing
Triathlon
Gravel
Track
Materials
Full Carbon
Aluminum
Use
Aero
Performance
Endurance
Profile
High Profile
Medium Profile
Low Profile
Brakes
Rim
Disc
Discover the exclusive Campagnolo technologies
Technologies wheels TEC RUOTE
Shops
News & Media
Company
Our Company
What we do
How we work
Milestones
The Campagnolo heritage
Work with us
E-Store
Men
Road
Men's Cycling Jerseys
Cycling Bibs & Bib Shorts
Cycling Jackets & Gilet
Gravel
Men's Gravel Jerseys
Gravel Bib Shorts
Women
Road
Women's Cycling Jerseys
Women's Cycling Bibs
Gravel
Women's Gravel Jerseys
Women's Gravel Bib Shorts
Cycling Accessories
Cycling gloves
Cycling socks
Cycling Caps
Cycling Water Bottles
Handlebar Accessories
Gravel Bags
Gravel Mudguards
Casual Wear
Collectibles
person Login
United States
Racing
Support
Find out how to best manage
and maintain your bike
DOWNLOAD MyCampy
Home
Pagine Interne
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our website www.campagnolo.com/WW/en (the Website).
We encourage you to read our Privacy Policy, which applies when you browse the website, regardless of whether you decide to use the services and/or purchase products. We also invite you to read the General Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website, as they also contain information on privacy and security systems adopted by the Website.
This page describes how the website manages the processing of personal data of users who consult it. This information is also provided pursuant to the European Regulation on the processing of personal data (EU Regulation 679/16 - GDPR) to those who interact with the company's web services, accessible electronically from the address: https://campagnolo.com corresponding to the home page of the company website.
The information is provided only for the website in question and not for other websites that the user may consult through links. The information is also based on Recommendation no. 2/2001 that the European authorities for the protection of personal data, collected by the Group established article 29 of Directive no. 95/46/EC, adopted on 17 May 2001 to establish minimum requirements for collecting personal data online, and, in particular, the manner, timing and nature of the information that data controllers must provide users when they connect to web pages, regardless of the purpose of connection.
THE DATA CONTROLLER
Following consultation of this WEBsite, data relating to identified or identifiable persons may be processed. The “data controller" of their processing is Campagnolo s.r.l. - Via della Chimica, 4 - 36100 Vicenza VI, available at privacy@campagnolo.com. The data controller of processing carried out through the e-commerce section of this website, as well as all processing that are carried out following navigation in that section, or following the definition of contractual relationships is Websolute S.r.l., with headquarters in Pesaro (Italy), Strada della Campanara 15, postal code 61122, tax code, VAT number and registration number in the Register of Companies of Pesaro 02063520411. Consult the privacy policy of the e-commerce section prepared by the data controller.
PLACE OF DATA PROCESSING
Processing connected to the web services of this website takes place at the aforementioned offices and is carried out only by technical staff of the Office in charge of processing, or by any persons in charge of occasional maintenance operations. No data from the web service is communicated or disseminated. The personal data provided by users who request dispatch of information material (commercial or technical communications, newsletters, etc..) are used only for the purposes indicated in the notices in the relevant sections of the website and are communicated to third parties only if this is necessary for that purpose (e.g., in case of shipment of documentation by third parties).
TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED
- Browsing data
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the communication protocols of the Internet. This information is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but by their very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified.
This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of computers used by users connecting to the website, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) of requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the response from the server (successful, error, etc..) and other parameters regarding the user’s operating system and computer environment. These data are used only to obtain anonymous statistical information on the use of the website and to check its correct functioning and are deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in the event of hypothetical computer crimes against the website: except for this event, the data on web contacts do not persist for more than seven days. - Data provided voluntarily by the user The optional, express and voluntary sending of e-mail to the addresses indicated on this website involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, necessary to respond to requests, and any other personal data included in the message. Specific information will be reported or displayed on the pages of the website prepared for particular services on request.
OPTIONAL NATURE OF DATA CONFERMENT
Apart from that specified for browsing data, the user is free to provide personal data contained in the forms on the website or indicated to request the sending of information material or other communications. Some forms may highlight information the provision of which is essential to render the service requested, and which are optional. Failure to provide the necessary information will make it impossible to obtain the requested information. For the sake of completeness, it should be remembered that in some cases (not subject to the ordinary management of this website) the Authority may request information pursuant to Article 57 of GDPR 679/16, for the purposes of monitoring personal data processing. In these cases, response is mandatory, under penalty of administrative sanctions.
METHOD OF PROCESSING
Personal data are processed with automated tools for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. Specific security measures are observed to prevent loss of data, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
The subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of such data and to know its content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration or updating, or correction (pursuant to Articles 15-16 of GDPR 679/16). In accordance with articles 17 - 18 - 19 of the aforementioned Regulation, the data subject has the right to request the cancellation or restriction of processing, as well as to object in any case, for legitimate reasons, to the processing of his/her personal data.
Requests should be addressed to the data controller at the address indicated or by e-mail at privacy@campagnolo.com. We also remind you that data subjects have the right to lodge complaints with the authority supervising the processing of personal data, which in Italy is the represented by the Garante per la protezione dei dati personali (Personal Data Protection Authority).
Given that the state of perfection of automatic control mechanisms does not currently make them free of errors and malfunctions, this document, published at the address https://www.campagnolo.com. constitutes the "Privacy Policy" of this website which will be subject to update in the event of changes to the elements that replace it.
Information notice pursuant to Article 13 of the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR – EU Regulation 679/16)
Pursuant to Article 13 of EU Regulation 679/16 we hereby provide you with the following information on the data processing which can take place following compilation and transmission of the data contained in the form you are about to complete.
The Data Controller is Campagnolo s.r.l. – Via della Chimica, 4 – 36100 Vicenza, VI, Italy who can be contacted by email at the address: privacy@campagnolo.com.
The data protection officer appointed by the Data Controller can be contacted at email address dpo@campagnolo.com.
Following your consent to processing of your personal data, the data contained on the form shall be used for sending our newsletter
The data contained in the forms shall not be subject to communication to third parties, and shall be known only within the company.
The data shall be preserved until your request for deletion and, in the event of organisational needs or legal obligations, can be preserved in specific archives for the period strictly necessary for that purpose.
We would remind you that you have the option to exercise the right to request the Data Controller for access to your personal data, correction or deletion of the data or limitation of the processing relating to yourself and to oppose such processing, together with right to data portability; you can exercise those rights using the contact information shown above.
Your consent given can be revoked at any time by contacting the Data Controller at the email addresses given or by using the methods shown by the instruments used for processing.
We would remind you that you have the option to make a complaint to the Data Protection Authority, in Italy constituted by the Garante per la protezione dei dati personali (Data Protection Regulatory Authority) (www.garanteprivacy.it).
The processing indicated shall take place exclusively following your optional consent, without which the transfer of the data will not be possible and consequently we cannot provide the services requested by you.
You can request the suspension of the transmission of marketing communications at any time by sending a request to email address privacy@campagnolo.com. Every communication you receive will contain a reminder of this option.
Shop
Find the store nearest to you
E-store
Subscribe and get 10% discount
Free shipping on orders over € 150,00
Subscribe now
This site uses cookies to provide the best possible browsing experience as well as for business and advertising purposes. If you continue to browse the site without disabling them, you authorise us to use cookies on your device. To read our policy on cookies click here.