https://www.wineware.co.uk/privacy-notice
Menu
Shopping Cart
0
Glassware
Back to menu
Visit all Glassware
Wine Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Wine Glasses
Red Wine Glasses
White Wine Glasses
Champagne Glasses
Crystal Wine Glasses
Large Wine Glasses
Whisky Glasses
Beer Glasses
Spirit Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Spirit Glasses
Brandy / Cognac Glasses
Grappa Glasses
Liqueur Glasses
Alternative Spirit Glasses
Wine Tasting Glasses
Gin and Tonic Glasses
Cocktail Glasses
Water Glasses / Tumblers
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Water Glasses / Tumblers
Stemmed Water Glasses
Long drink & Tumblers
Shot Glasses
Martini Glasses
Dessert Wine Glasses
Reusable Plastic BPA Free Glasses
Mugs & Teacups
Wine Glass Accessories / Glass Cleaning
Wine Glass Storage
Restaurant Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Restaurant Glasses
Restaurant Glasses - Riedel
Restaurant Glasses - Schott Zwiesel
Restaurant Glasses - Zalto
Restaurant Glasses - Glencairn
Restaurant Glasses - Glass & Co
Restaurant Glasses - Luigi Bormioli
Restaurant Glasses - Spiegelau
Glass Hire
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Glass Hire
Glass Hire: A step-by-step guide
Glass Hire for Birthdays
Glass Hire for Corporate Events
Glass Hire for Functions
Glass Hire for Wine Tastings
Glass Hire for Whisky Tastings
Wine Glass Hire – Which wine glasses are suitable for my event?
Wine Glasses by Region and Grape
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Wine Glasses by Region and Grape
Beaujolais Wine Glasses
Bordeaux Wine Glasses
Burgundy Wine Glasses
Cabernet Sauvignon Wine Glasses
Chardonnay Wine Glasses
Riesling Wine Glasses
Chablis Wine Glasses
Chianti Wine Glasses
Pinot Noir Wine Glasses
Prosecco Wine Glasses
Rioja Wine Glasses
Shiraz and Syrah Wine Glasses
Top Glassware Brands
Back to Glassware
Visit all Glassware Brands
Schott Zwiesel
Riedel
Glencairn
Zalto
Norlan
Luigi Bormioli
Stolzle
Spiegelau
Mark Thomas
Zwiesel 1872
Grassl
Jancis Robinson x Richard Brendon
Lehmann Glass
View all Glassware brands
Close
Wine Racks
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Racks
Assembled Wine Racks
Bespoke Traditional Wine Racks
Bespoke Pine Wine Racks
Bespoke Oak Wine Racks
Wine Rack Kits
Wooden Wine Cabinets
Cellar Cubes
Metal Wine Racks
Plastic Wine Racks
Wall Mounted Wine Racks
Counter Top Wine Racks
Wine Case Racks
Moveable Wine Storage
Display Wine Racks
Self Assembly Melamine Wine Racks
Wine Rack Accessories
Top Wine Racks Brands
Back to Wine Racks
Visit all Wine Racks Brands
VintageView
CellarStak
NOOK
ISOCO
Vinowall
Display Wine
EziRak
Modularack
Vinrack
Flat Pack Wine Rack
Big Metal Wine Rack
Close
Decanting
Back to menu
Visit all Decanting
Wine Decanters
Wine Decanter Accessories
Back to Decanting)
Visit all Wine Decanter Accessories
Wine Decanter Drainers
Wine Decanter Stoppers
Spirit / Whisky Decanters
Wine Decanter Cleaning
Wine Funnels / Aerators
Wine Pourers
Wine Bottle Stoppers
Wine Coolers
Ice Buckets
Wine Serving Accessories
Back to Decanting)
Visit all Wine Serving Accessories
Bottle Drip Rings
Wine Thermometers
Wine & Spirit Measures
Decanting Cradles
Wine Bottle Coasters
Cork Spikes
Wine Spittoons
Serving Jugs
Champagne Accessories
Beer Accessories
Port Accessories
Wine Decanting Sets
Branded Wine Spittoons
Branded Wine Buckets
Branded Bottle Stoppers
Top Decanting Brands
Back to Decanting
Visit all Decanting Brands
Eisch Glas
Riedel
Schott Zwiesel
Zalto
Vacu Vin
The Wine Show by Vacu Vin
Stolzle
Coravin
Nude
Leonardo
Nachtmann
Elia
Pulltex
View all Decanting brands
Close
Corkscrews
Back to menu
Visit all Corkscrews
Waiters Friend
Lever Model / Twisters
Champagne Sabre / Openers
Laguiole Hand Crafted Corkscrews
Bar / Wall Mounted Corkscrews
Foil Cutters
Cork Retriever / Butlers Thief
Beer Bottle Openers
Branded Corkscrews
Top Corkscrews Brands
Back to Corkscrews
Visit all Corkscrews Brands
Laguiole en Aubrac
Coutale Sommelier
Le Creuset / Screwpull
Pulltex
Vacu Vin
Forge de Laguiole
Close
Wine Preservation
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Preservation
Wine Bottle Neck Tags
Wine Preservation Systems
Wine Bags
Dehumidifiers
Bottle Stoppers
Thermo Hygrometers
Wine Bottle Cellar Sleeves
Cellar Books
Branded AntiOx Wine Preserver
Top Wine Preservation Brands
Back to Wine Preservation
Visit all Wine Preservation Brands
Vacu Vin
WineSkin
Coravin
Pulltex
Meaco
Fondis
Winesaver Pro
Close
Wine Refrigeration
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Refrigeration
Single Temperature Cabinets
2 to 3 Temperature
Multi Temperature
Undercounter Coolers
Top Wine Refrigeration Brands
Back to Wine Refrigeration
Visit all Wine Refrigeration Brands
Liebherr
Caple
Fisher and Paykel
Teca Vino
Quadro Vino
Close
Barware
Back to menu
Visit all Barware
Wine Glass Hanging Racks
Glass Storage Boxes
Glass Washer Racks / Trays
Spirit and Wine Bar Thimble Measures
Cocktail Shakers
Bar Corkscrews
Giant XL Cork Stools
Glass Cleaning Accessories
Bar Accessories
Scented Candles
Top Barware Brands
Back to Barware
Visit all Barware Brands
Fries Rack System
Close
Wine Tasting
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Tasting
Wine / Spirit Education Aromas
Wine Maps And Charts
Wine Tasting Glasses
Wine Spittoons
Wine Tasting Accessories
Wine Books
Wine Tasting Game
Coffee Education Aromas
Branded Sommelier Aprons
Top Wine Tasting Brands
Back to Wine Tasting
Visit all Wine Tasting Brands
De Long
Le Nez du Vin
Luigi Bormioli
Aroma Academy
Pulltex
Close
Gifts
Back to menu
Visit all Gifts
Christmas Stocking Fillers
Christmas Gifts Under £20
Christmas Gifts £20 to £39.99
Christmas Gifts £40 to £60
Christmas Gifts Over £60
Gifts For Her
Gifts For Him
Deluxe Wine Gifts
Wine Gifts
Gin Gifts
Whisky Gifts
Gift Sets
Close
Sale
Back to menu
Visit all Wineware Sale
Glassware Sale
Wine Rack Sale
Decanting Sale
Corkscrew Sale
Tableware Sale
Close
Register
Log in
My Wishlist
Trade Customers
Currency:
£ GBP
$ USD
€ Euro
Home
About Us
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
Close
Register
Log in
My Wishlist
Trade Customers
Home
About Us
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
COVID 19 - Business As Usual, Safe Deliveries in operation
- Read our latest update
Excellent on TRUSTPILOT
Same Day Dispatch (Order Before 3pm Mon-Fri)
Fuss Free Returns*
You are here: Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Share
Introduction
Welcome to the Wineware (Racks & Accessories) privacy policy.
Wineware respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
COOKIES
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Wineware collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you purchase a product, create an account, sign up to receive marketing, provide feedback (through Trustpilot), complete a survey, participate in a competition or contact us through the website, by email or otherwise.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. We provide certain items which require age verification as this is legally required. Where this is the case we will request this additional information by contacting you directly by email or telephone and this may include a request for proof of identity such as a driving licence or passport.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Wineware (Racks & Accessories) Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as "Wineware", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Email address: info@wineware.co.uk
Postal address: Wineware (Racks & Accessories) Ltd, Unit 12 Brookside Business Park, Brookside Avenue, Rustington Trading Estate, Rustington, Littlehampton, West Sussex, BN16 3LP, United Kingdom
Telephone number: 01903 786 148
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 06/03/2020. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, and products.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products;
create an account on our website;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy below for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a)       analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
(b)       advertising networks; and
(c)       search information providers.
Contact and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Pay360 by Capita (which is part of the Capita plc Group).
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU..
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where you have given your express consent for us to process your data for marketing purposes.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you and provide updates on new products and special offers
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Consent where you have opted to join our marketing list.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. You have complete control over how we market to you which can be exercised by contacting us or following our links in marketing communications.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
5. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Cookie used for
Type
Ownership
Lifetime
Sensitive Data
User Authorisation
Persistent/Session*
First party
1 Month/Browser visit*
Encrypted Session Id
User Tracking
Persistent
First party
1 day
None
Facebook Authentication
Persistent
First party
Sliding expiration
Encrypted Access Token
Twitter Authentication
Persistent
First party
Sliding expiration
Encrypted Access Token
Google Analytics
Persistent
First party
24 months
None
ShareThis
Persistent
First party
24 months
None
* - You may opt to remain logged in which will make your authorisation cookie persistent.
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Additionally, the Google Analytics cookie may be used to enable remarketing. Remarketing works by targeting previous site visitors when they:
Visit Google search again in the future, using search ads
Are browsing third party sites opted into the Google Display Network, using display ads
In both cases, a user’s anonymised cookie can be used to identify users (anonymously) who did or did not complete an action on the site, such as making a purchase, and retarget them with the intention of encouraging a repeat visit to the site. You are free to opt out of this type of cookie use by visiting Google’s Ad Settings: google.com/settings/ads.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
6. Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table purposes for which we will use your personal data above.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. International transfers
Many of our external third parties are based outside the EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
8. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available on request by contacting us. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
10. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based within the EEA who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the UK who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Marketing automation platforms, acting as a processor, such as The Rocket Science Group LLC t/a MailChimp based in the US, who provide email marketing automation services.
Merchant services, acting as a processor or a separate controller, such as Pay 360 by Capita and Card Saver Ltd, who provide secure payment processing services.
Courier providers, acting as a processor or a separate controller, who provide courier delivery services.
Sign up for news and offers*
Please wait...
Title
Mr
Mrs
Miss
Master
Ms
Rev (Reverend)
Fr (Father)
Dr (Doctor)
Prof (Professor)
Hon (Honorable)
Forename
Surname
*By signing up you agree to receive our newsletter by email
Copyright © 2020 Wineware Racks & Accessories. All rights reserved.
Back to Top