http://www.usuniforms.com/privacy-policy.aspx
You asked and we listened...
Significantly reduced prices * Wide selection of products * Vivid color images * Free Priority Shipping
United States Uniform Company
Vendor License #12815
Letter Carrier CloseoutsNon-AllotmentWindow Clerk CloseoutsWork Clothes CloseoutsCCA Type 1 UniformsLetter Carrier/MVS Type 1 UniformsWindow Clerk Type 2 UniformsMaintenance, Mailhandler & BMEU Type 3 UniformsPostmasters & SupervisorsCasual Wear Just Arrived
Email Address:
Password:
Remember Me
Create an account
Forgot Password?
Employee Labor Relations Manual (ELM)
Home Page > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
United States Uniform Company is Committed to Your Privacy
This website is owned and operated by United States Uniforms. Your privacy while using our site is very importance to us.  At United States Uniforms, we want to make your online experience as satisfying and safe as possible. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use that information.
United States Uniforms reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Thus, it is recommended that you check this Policy periodically to see if any such changes have been made. By visiting and using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. By providing any information on our site, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms set forth herein, please do not use this website.
INFORMATION United States Uniforms GATHERS AND TRACKS:
United States Uniforms’ primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to give you an enjoyable and customized experience while using our website and interactive online features, and to allow us to develop new services to better meet the needs of our customers. We will not collect any personal information from you unless you provide it voluntarily.
United States Uniforms’ gathers the following information about users:
• Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions to receive our print and electronic catalogs, place orders, or manage an online account.
• Information that United States Uniforms gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our site and by utilizing cookies when you visit our webpage. This aggregated information allows us to better tailor our content to users' needs. Neither our cookies nor aggregate tracking collects any personal information such as your name or email address. Under no circumstance does United States Uniforms divulge information about an individual user to a third party.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
This is a general audience site and does not seek to gather personal information from or about persons under the age of thirteen.
USE OF INFORMATION:
United States Uniforms uses information related to users to provide services requested by users, to communicate with users regarding usage of our services, and to enhance the operation and experience of our site.
We also use the personal information voluntarily provided by users to place, bill, and ship orders, to send requested electronic communications to subscribers, to send print catalogs, and to manage online accounts. United States Uniforms never shares mailing lists or customer information with any unaffiliated third party.
We also use aggregate tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
United States Uniforms does not sell our email lists or customer information. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
CONTROL OF YOUR INFORMATION:
When you register or otherwise provide us with personal information, United States Uniforms will not share that information with third parties without your permission.  United States Uniforms wishes to maintain the accuracy of any personal information you provide.  You may ask for a copy of your personal information, ask for your personal information to be updated or corrected, or ask us to remove your personal information from our records by contacting us at usucustomerservice@usuniforms.com.
EMAIL PRIVACY
We ask for your e-mail address for online purchases in order to communicate with you about your orders.
We would also like to notify you of any specials, promotions or discounts at United States Uniforms, as well as information on the latest trends in uniforms. If you do not want to receive any promotional emails, please contact us at usucustomerservice@usuniforms.com.
You can always remove yourself from any United States email list by clicking the link provided in each message.
SECURE SHOPPING
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt your credit card number and payment information so only United States Uniforms is able to decode your information.
To be sure your connection is secure, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), the SSL is active and your information is secure.
COOKIES:
When you visit our site, we may place a small text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer to assist us in providing our services. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. Cookies may also be used to collect aggregate information about web site activity. The cookie will not be used to retrieve information from your computer that is unrelated to the United States Uniforms website or your interaction with the United States Uniforms web site. A cookie can not read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
If you wish, you may instruct your internet browser to prevent cookies from being used or to notify you before accepting cookies. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, if you have cookies turned on, it enables us to more accurately customize your shopping on the United States Uniforms site.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by United States Uniforms in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
CONTACT US:
United States Uniforms welcomes your comments regarding this privacy statement. Please contact us at usucustomerservice@usuniforms.com or postal mail at the below address.
United States Uniforms
PO Box12333
North Kansas City,
MO
64116-0333
800-524-3676
Monday-Friday 7am-6pm and Saturday 8am-Noon, cst.
20% Spending Bonus Chart Click Here to View
Your cart is empty.
Size Charts
CCA Order Form & Instr
Return Label
FAQ's
Expiring Uniform Allowances
2020 Day Off Calendar
2021 Day Off Calendar
Home | About Us | Contact Us | My Account | Blog | Shipping Policy | Return Policy | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Cart Help
© 2007 Postal Uniforms US Uniform Company