https://www.hotelchocolat.com/uk/help/corporate-responsibility.html
Hotel Chocolat uses cookies and other tracking technology to deliver personalised ads and content for an improved browsing experience. If you are happy to accept cookies and these uses of personal data, then please click the accept button. Read more about our privacy policy here
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Hotel Chocolat
Search Catalog
menu
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Christmas
Christmas Gift Ideas
Gifts For Him
Gifts For Her
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Families
Boozy Gifts For Adults
Gifts For Secret Santa
Finishing Touches
Entertaining at Christmas
Tree Decorations
Christmas Crackers
Top Christmas Gifts
Christmas Boxes
Christmas Crackers
Christmas Hampers
Christmas Wreaths
Unique Christmas Gifts
Entertaining At Christmas
Stocking Fillers
What's New This Christmas
The Velvetiser
Gift Ideas
Shop By Occasion
Best Selling Chocolate Gifts
Anniversary Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Christening Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Congratulations Gifts
Dinner Party Gifts
Eid Chocolate Gifts
Engagement Gifts
Exam Gifts
Get Well Soon Gifts
Good Luck Gifts
Graduation Gifts
Halloween Gifts
House Warming Gifts
New Baby Gifts
Teachers Gifts
Thank You Gifts
Retirement Gifts
Sorry Gifts
Sympathy Gifts
Wedding Gifts
Shop By Recipient
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Families
Gifts for Business
Chocolates for Me
Chocolate Experiences
Bean to Bar - Chocolate Making
Chocolate Making For Kids
Chocolate Lock-Ins
Chocolate Tasting Adventures
Corporate Tasting Events
Inspiration
Caramel Lover
Champagne Lifestyle
Cheer Up Gifts
For the Connoisseur
Hard Worker
Romantic Gifts
Award Winning Chocolate
Best Selling Gifts
Chocolate
Chocolate Type
Boozy Liqueur Chocolate
Caramel Chocolate
Cherry Chocolate
Chilli Chocolate
Coffee Chocolate
Cookie Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Fruity Chocolate
Ginger Chocolate
Marzipan Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Mint Chocolate
Nut Chocolate
Orange Chocolate
Patisserie Chocolate
Praline Chocolate
Raspberry Chocolate
Strawberry Chocolate
Supermilk Chocolate
Salted Caramel Chocolate
Single Origin Chocolate
Chocolate Truffles
100% Cocoa Chocolate
Variety Chocolate
White Chocolate
Product Type
All Chocolate Products
Advent Calendars
Batons and Slabs
Beauty Gifts
Chocolate Boxes
Chocolate Gift Sets
Chocolate Hampers
Chocolate Selectors
Cooking Chocolate
Coffee
Gift Cards
Small Chocolate Packs
Luxury Biscuits
Vegan Etc
Chocolate without Alcohol
Free From Chocolate
Low Sugar Chocolate
Vegan Chocolate
Vegetarian Chocolates
Price
From £10 to £25
Less than £10
From £25 to £50
More than £50
Special Offers
Sale
Alcohol
Chocolate Cream Liqueur
Cacao Gin
Mint Cream Liqueur
Salted Caramel Vodka
Shop All Alcohol
Hot Chocolate
The Velvetiser
Refill Subscriptions
Mint Hot Chocolate
Salted Caramel
All Hot Chocolate
Subscriptions
Locations
Stores
Cafés
Hotel, Restaurant & Estate
Our ChocMobile
Ice Lollies
Corporate Gifting
Sorry, it appears you are using a browser that is no longer supported by Hotel Chocolat. Please upgrade your browser to a newer version to continue a secure shopping experience.
Home
Corporate Responsibility
menu
Help
FAQs
Contact Us
Our Guarantee
Delivery
Order Tracking
Gifting Information
Corporate Responsibility
Cookies Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Promotions Terms & Conditions
Velvetiser FAQs
Subscription FAQs
WHOOSH INSTANT GIFTS FAQs
About VIP.Me
Site Map
Climate change and Carbon:
As a company that relies on a climatically sensitive crop for our business, we are acutely aware of the potential negative impacts of climate change on our business. We also recognise that ethics and sustainability go hand in hand, since many of the worst effects of global climate change will impact the communities where we work most severely.
Hotel Chocolat has taken many steps to ensure we are doing our part as a responsible company to mitigate against climate change. As a vibrant and growing company, we will continue to work towards expanding our sustainability profile, so keep an eye on this page for updates or sign up for our emails.
Reducing energy usage from I.T. and electronic equipment
We have replaced all head office electronic equipment (including PCs) with gold Energy Star rated appliances; this has improved the energy efficiency of our appliances by up to 90%.
We have replaced store level servers with a centralised virtual server in our head office. This has led to a significant decrease in energy usage in store. We are also currently exploring software solutions to enable us to manage our tills and PCs in-store remotely. This will mean an end to tills and PCs left running out of store opening hours and will lead to a reduction of carbon emissions from our stores of approximately 5 tonnes per annum.
All of our stores are fitted with air curtains to control loss of energy through open doors. We carefully control the temperature in our stores and due to the nature of our products, we never waste energy heating our stores too high!
We have installed energy management systems in our warehouse unit. Lights are switched off automatically when not in use, sensors adjust the brightness of our lighting according to how much light is coming in through our windows and the temperature is controlled so we are not cooling too much in the summer or heating too high in the winter.
Almost all packaging is now sourced from the U.K. and E.U. Packaging was previously air-freighted from East Asia so this has led to a significant reduction in emissions and an improvement in the ‘carbon footprint’ of our products. We manufacture almost all of our chocolates in our own U.K. based factory – again reducing the carbon footprint of our products.
Reduce, re-use, recycle – managing our waste
Packaging and the associated waste are both potential major contributors to our environmental impact. Recognising this, we have taken a number of steps to reduce the amount of packaging we produce, create packaging which is functional and attractive and recycle as much or our waste as possible.
The width of the materials used in our non-rigid card boxes has reduced by 200 microns, a reduction of almost 50%.
We now source close to 100% of our card and paper packaging and shop bags from Forest Stewardship Council FSC certified sources. This ensures that all our paper and cardboard products are made from sustainably managed wood pulp.
We have designed much of our packaging to be re-useable (see for example our hat boxes)
Where possible, packing materials (bubble wrap, cardboard outers) are returned to our Warehouse facility for re-use. The warehouse also has its own waste compactor and is close to achieving its ‘zero to landfill’ goal through re-using and recycling all waste produced
All cardboard and paper products are widely recycled. All tins and glass are widely recycled. We use PET and HIPs for our plastic packaging, PET is widely recycled, HIPs is also recyclable but some locations lack facilities to recycle it. Open-cell black padding found in some of our boxed chocolates is recyclable. Our rigid board boxes are not recyclable, however they are made from 100% recycled material. Our cellophane wrappings are not recyclable.
Find out more
We are a dynamic growing company, and we have a wide range of ethical and sustainability projects lined up for the near future. Sign up to our email newsletter to keep up to date with our latest developments.