http://www.lil-inspirations.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Home
SHOP
Engagement, Wedding, Anniversary
Blankets / Throws
Gifts For Her
Ladies Handkerchiefs
Gifts for Him
Monogrammed Pocket Squares
Baptism / Christening / Communion
Baptism Christening Hankies
Wording Inspiration
Mother of the Bride & Groom
For The Blushing Bride
For the Grandparents
For Father of the Bride & Groom
For the Dapper Groom
Maid of Honor and Bridesmaids
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Small Business Saturday Super SAle NOW!Handkerchief Sets
Buy 1 Get 2nd at 50% OFF - CLICK HERE
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Privacy PolicyLi'l Inspirations values our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.INFORMATION COLLECTION & USE:Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to website visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.SECURITY:This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just "surfing".If you have any questions about the security at our website, please send an e-mail to shop [@] lil-inspirations.com or phone us at 908-369-5840.This privacy policy sets out how Li'l Inspirations uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. Li'l Inspirations is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Li'l Inspirations may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What we collectWe may collect the following information:namecontact information including email addressother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.List of cookies we collectThe table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.COOKIE name COOKIE DescriptionCART The association with your shopping cart.CATEGORY_INFO Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.COMPARE The items that you have in the Compare Products list.CURRENCY Your preferred currencyCUSTOMER An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.CUSTOMER_AUTH An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.CUSTOMER_INFO An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS Stores the Customer Segment IDEXTERNAL_NO_CACHE A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.FRONT END You session ID on the server.GUEST-VIEW Allows guests to edit their orders.LAST_CATEGORY The last category you visited.LAST_PRODUCT The most recent product you have viewed.NEW MESSAGE Indicates whether a new message has been received.NO_CACHE Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.POLL The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.RECENTLY COMPARED The items that you have recently compared.STF Information on products you have emailed to friends.STORE The store view or language you have selected.USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS The products that you have recently viewed.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"