http://www.rg-racing.com/terms/
Our Terms & Conditionswww.rg-racing.com
Access to the siteBefore buying any of our Products, you will need to: 1). login to an existing user account ("Account") providing your email address and password. This is done during the Checkout process of the site ("Checkout"). 2). Register for a new user account with Checklist ("Account") by registering online during the Checkout process of the site ("Checkout"). If you choose to register with us, you will be asked to provide personal details including shipping address, postal address and payment details. 3) You may opt to purchase online without registering with Checklist. This option is also available during the Checkout process of the site ("Checkout") and requires only a billing address, postal address and payment details. Note: You ('The customer') are responsible for the security of your Account details (including any login details). Nothing contained in these Terms may be construed to convey to you any interest or title in the Account.
Although we will use all reasonable endeavours to provide you with access to our Website for so long as these Terms are in force, we make no promise that our Website will meet your requirements or is fault free. If a fault or error does occur please report it to us by fax or email and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can. We may have to temporarily suspend the whole or any part of the Website to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new content or facilities. We will restore our Website after suspension as soon as we reasonably can.
OrderingYou can order Products from us on our Website by completing the online order form at the Checkout. In order to provide our customers with the best possible service, we will then send you an automatic email to acknowledge receipt of your order. However, the acknowledgement does not constitute acceptance of your order which will take place only on despatch of that order. Please note Products will not be despatched until funds are cleared. Although we aim to despatch Products in one consignment, sometimes this is not possible and we may need to despatch Products separately. If so, our acceptance of the order in respect of each Product takes place when that Product is despatched.
Ordering from abroad and Import DutiesYou can make an overseas order on our website. Please help us and our delivery companies by taking extra care with the address details to ensure they are correct. Please note your goods may be subject to import duties and taxes which will be levied when the order reaches the delivery address. You are responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. R&G has no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount. For further information please contact your local customs office before placing your order. Failure to pay these charges will result in your parcel being returned and a 25% restocking fee (of original invoice value) being applied to your order.If your delivery is for a large quantities of goods, R&G reserves the right to contact you and inform you of any additional shipping costs, at which time you may either pay the extra amount for the delivery service or cancel your order.Please also note that you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the goods are destined. R&G will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
PricesFull details of prices are given in the Products section of our Website. You are responsible for payment of all taxes and duties in your local jurisdiction.
The price of the Product does not include the delivery charge which will be displayed at the Checkout.
Product and price information are both subject to change. If you make payment in a currency which is different to the currency of your Bank or credit card statements, then please note the price quoted may differ slightly from that charged to you due to currency fluctuations. We may need to review our prices if the cost to Checklist of delivering the Products to you or if the cost of any resources or materials used by us changes, and such change is beyond our reasonable control.
PaymentDetails on how to pay are set out in the Payment section on our Website. You agree that Checklist may take commercially reasonable actions to validate your payment and account details. You will not be charged for items until they are ready to be dispatched. We will not despatch the Product to you until we receive payment.
Personal InformationAll use of your personal information will be in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to any websites accessible via our Website that are operated by third parties.
LiabilityOur Website is provided without any warranties or guarantees. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the Internet. The services provided by this Website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. We are not responsible to you if we are unable to provide the Website or any Products for any reason beyond our control.
Our Website may provide content from other Internet sites or resources and while we try to ensure that material included on our Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, we cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with our Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Website we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.
Your exclusive remedy, so far as permitted by your local laws, (in respect of any claim for breach of contract, negligence or otherwise) in relation to the Products shall be limited to replacement of the relevant Product or a refund of the amount you have paid to Checklist for the Product. Your statutory rights are not affected.
Neither you nor Checklist will be responsible for any losses that the other suffers as a result of a breach of these Terms except those losses which are a foreseeable consequence of the breach. Neither party will be responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side-effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by Checklist and you (such as loss of profits or loss of data).
Returns Policy (Non-Faulty Goods)Returns for non-faulty goods must be pre-authorised (if not pre-authorised the return will be rejected). Goods may only be returned direct to us if they were purchased direct from us (customer must prove if necessary).  Otherwise to be returned to original vendor.
Goods must be RECEIVED in re-sellable condition, in the opinion of R&G Racing. We recommend that all parcels are sent back to R&G via trackable means by reputable carriers. Goods must be returned within 7 DAYS of receipt. After this period a handling fee of 25% of the original invoice value WILL BE CHARGED . Items received in a non re-saleable condition will result in no refund being given.
The customer must pay any and all carriage charges. No returns of discontinued products, unless within 14 days of purchase.
This policy does not affect your statutory rights and does not refer to faulty goods.
GeneralYou may not assign otherwise or transfer any of your rights or benefits under these Terms.
An electronic communication appearing to be from the e-mail address you supply to Checklist establishes you as its originator and has the same effect as a document with your written signature on it. A copy of an electronic communication made by reliable means is considered to have the same validity as the original electronic communication.
If you breach these Terms and we ignore this, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach the Terms.
If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court with competent jurisdiction the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the other provisions of these Terms which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver or any provision of these Terms shall be effective unless it is made in writing.
Neither party will be considered liable for any delay or failure to perform its obligations under these Terms to the extent that such delay or failure is due to any cause or circumstance beyond that party's reasonable control and that failure or delay could not have been prevented or overcome by that party acting reasonably and prudently.
These terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the parties submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms.
It is not intended that a third party should have a right to enforce a provision of these Terms pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
© 2020 Racing Technique Ltd. (t/a R&G)
Surrey Website Design by That Web Company
Our Terms of use have changed
Please review and agree to continue to use the R&G website.
AGREE AND CONTINUE