http://www.dreamsack.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
NewWomen
Sleepwear
Pajamas
Gowns
Robes
Bottoms
Pants
Leggings
Skirts
Tops
Long Sleeve
Short Sleeve
Sleeveless
Dresses
Tunics
Short
Midi
Maxi
Outerwear
Wraps
Jackets
Cardigans
Comfort LayersAll Women's
AccessoriesMen
TopsBottomsOuterwearAll Men's
Bedding
BambooDreams® TwillBambooDreams® Luxe SateenSilkAll Bedding
DreamsacksAbout Us
Our StoryFabric CareSize InformationWhy Bamboo?
Sale
SleepwearBottomsTopsTunicsDressesOuterwearAccessoriesMensBeddingAll Sale
Account
Cart
Spend $150 more and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
Holiday Shipping Schedule >
Privacy policy
Last Updated: 5/24/2016
Source3, LLC (“Yala”, “we,” “us,” “our”) is committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy is applicable to all of Yala's websites, applications or online services that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Site”). We have established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather, why we gather your information, what we use your information for, when we might disclose your information, and how you can manage your information.This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may submit to us offline, or to third-party websites and mobile applications that may be linked to on the Site. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of these third-party websites and applications.
By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you should contact us by email at yala@yaladesigns.com.
What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?We collect two basic types of information from you: (1) personally identifiable information (“PII”) and (2) non-personally identifiable information (“non-PII”). PII is any information that you supply to us that can individually identify you. PII includes, among other things, your name, contact information (e.g., email address, postal address, telephone number) and payment information (e.g., credit/debit card information, billing information). Non-PII includes information that does not personally identify you. Non-PII includes, among other things, information about your use of the Site, such as your IP address, device identifiers, general location information, and demographic data.
Personally Identifiable InformationAs a general matter, you can browse the Site without submitting your PII to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your PII. The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your PII:
- Registration for an account or creating a profile   - Request for customer service or other assistance   - Signing up to receive e-mail offers, newsletters or alerts   - Participation in surveys, panels, or market research   - Participation in special events, contests or sweepstakes   - Purchases on the Site   - Participation on social media accounts involving Company   - Participation in communities, comment threads, and other interactive services   - Submission of user generated content   - Submission of a job application   - Any other place on the Site where you knowingly volunteer information
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information From Social Media SitesWhen you interact with any Yala page or account on a social media platform, we may collect the PII that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username. If you choose to log in to your Yala account with or through a social networking service, Yala and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your permission, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Site, with that social network’s users.
Non-Personally Identifiable InformationAs stated above, we also collect non-PII when users interact with the Site. Non-PII does not personally identify you. Generally, we collect and store the following categories of non-PII:
- Demographic data such as age, gender, and five-digit ZIP code.  - User search terms and search results.  - Information about the device(s) used to access the Site, including IP addresses, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, type of browser used, and browser language.  - Usage information regarding pages viewed on the Site and how users interact with the Site.  - “Traffic data” such as date and time of access, software crash reports, and referring website addresses.  - Aggregate data regarding the use of the Site.
Collection of Your Location InformationYou may send us information which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Site. Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of the collection of this data. In addition, in some cases the Site can deliver content based on your specific location if you choose to enable that feature.
Collection of Information From Other SourcesWe also may collect information about you that we may receive from other sources or from our offline interactions with you to, among other things, enable us to verify, update information contained in our records and to better customize the Site for you.
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Other TechnologiesLike many websites, we may use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to track use of our Site and exposure to our online advertisements.We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Site, and make it easier to use and more relevant. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Site may not work or may not work as designed. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at All About Cookies.We may also use web beacons or other technologies. A web beacon (also known as “action tags”, “tracer tags”, or “single-pixel gifs”) is an invisible graphic on a web page that is programmed to collect non-PII about your use of a given website. We do not share or provide PII we may collect through such web beacons, such as names, e-mail addresses and phone numbers without your express permission. We may partner with third party advertising companies who may utilize cookies, web beacons or other technologies to provide advertisements about our goods and services that may be of interest to you or to serve advertisements on our Site. These third parties may use these technologies to collect information about you when you use the Site. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. They may also use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond the Site. Such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. To learn more about the third-party collection and use of your information and the choices you have, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative and/or Digital Advertising Alliance.This Site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Site, compile reports on Site activity, and provide other services related to Site activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The Website does not use Google Analytics to gather any Personal Information. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. You may opt out of tracking of analytics data by Google Analytics by clicking here.  Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Yala's information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
How Do We Use Your Information?We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Site. We may use your personally and non-personally identifiable information in the following ways:  - Provide requested content and products;  - Post user generated content provided by users;  - Communicate with users about their account or transactions;  - Send users information regarding features and enhancements to the Site or changes to company policies;  - Communicate with users about their comments or reviews;  - Personalize content, including providing recommendations based on preferences;  - Send newsletters, offers, and promotions for our products, or information about special events;  - Conduct advertising, including advertising based on your activities on the Site and/or your location;  - Administer loyalty programs, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys;  - Optimize or improve our products, operations, and the Site;  - Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and  - Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users and purchasing patterns.
Combination of Your Personally Identifiable InformationWe may use the information from one portion of the Site on other portions of the Site, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Site into a single record. We may also use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of your customer records.
Who Do We Provide Your Information To?We may disclose your PII collected on the Site to our agents, affiliates, partners, and other third parties as described below.
Third-Party AgentsWe have third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and service providers that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to: hosting, content syndication, content management, technical integration, marketing, analytics, customer service, and fraud protection.These entities may have access to PII if needed to perform their functions. If such access is required, the third parties will be contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that PII.  They are restricted from using, selling, or distributing this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Site.
AssignmentWe may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Site. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Site. In such event, we may transfer some or all of your information to an entity acquiring all or part of our assets or to another entity with which we have merged. Under such circumstances, we would request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency SituationsWe may also use or disclose PII if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Site or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Site or the public.
Use of Non-Personally Identifiable InformationWe may disclose your non-PII in any other manner that we deem appropriate. Among other things, we may disclose non-PII to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Site and how we can improve our Site. We may also disclose non-PII to our service providers and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Site.
What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personally Identifiable Information Secure?We are concerned about ensuring the security of your PII and take certain security measures to help protect such information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your PII to you. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your PII once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any PII that you transmit over any public or untrusted network by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your PII. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks.
Children’s InformationThe Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. Yala does not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not provide PII to Yala.If you believe that Yala has been provided with the PII of a child under the age of 13 without parental consent, please notify us immediately. If Yala discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII and we do not have parental consent, Yala will promptly delete that child’s information. If you are under the age of 18, to submit a request to have content that you have posted to the Site removed, please contact us at yala@yaladesigns.com.
Public Areas, Interactive Features and ActivitiesPlease remember that any information you share in public areas, such as posting reviews (“Public Social Features”), becomes public and anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any information that you expect to keep private. Please consult the applicable guidelines, if any, for use of these features. Yala cannot control who views information that you post in public areas of the Site and is not responsible for how third parties may use or disclose information that you post in public areas of the Site.When we run a contest, sweepstake or game relating to our Site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this Privacy Policy. In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, PII will be collected if you voluntarily submit it.
Notice to Non-US UsersIf you access this Site or use our services outside of the United States, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing and storage of your personal information in, the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different than the laws of your state or country.
Opt-Out ProvisionsYou may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and e-mail newsletters from Yala. We provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us by following the opt-out mechanism included in each e-mail.
Accessing and Correcting Your InformationIf you have an account with Yala or the Site, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your profile. Be advised that we may not be able to delete your PII without also deleting your user account.  You will not be permitted to examine the PII of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with PII to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you.  We may not accommodate a request to change or delete PII if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia law permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding Yala's disclosure of their PII to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to yala@yaladesigns.com specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.”  Please allow thirty days for a response.