https://www.ula-equipment.com/services-policies/privacy-policy//
Privacy Policy | ULA Equipment | Lightweight Backpacking Equipment
435.753.5191
chris@hikeula.com
Facebook
Facebook
MY ACCOUNT
0 Items
Packs
Duffles
Travel Packs
Customizer
Accessories
Parts Shop
Outerwear
Tarp Tents
Quilts
Select Page
RETURNS & EXCHANGES  |  SHIPPING  |  WARRANTY & REPAIRS  |  TERMS & CONDITIONS  |  PRIVACY & COPYRIGHT
PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED: MAY 2019
BEFORE USING OUR SITE, PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
This Privacy Policy applies to ULA Equipment and sets out our policy on the gathering and use of information on this site: https://www.ula-equipment.com . At ULA Equipment we are committed to providing a safe website for all of our visitors, and as such, we have implemented this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. ULA Equipment complies with Federal and State privacy laws and regulations including the California Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA.)
There may be links from our site to other websites; note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our site and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which our site may be linked. You must check on any linked sites for the privacy policy that applies to that sites and/or make any necessary inquiries in respect of that privacy policy with the operator of the linked sites. These links to third party websites are provided as a convenience and are for informational purposes only. ULA Equipment does not endorse and is not responsible for these linked websites.
Although you are not required to register to access our site, you may be asked to provide us with personal information when you visit certain sections of our site. Your use of our site signifies your acknowledgment and consent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our site. Your continued use of the ULA Equipment website signifies your acceptance of these terms and any changes in effect at the time of use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information is information about you that identifies you as an individual. For example, your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us through the use of contact & information request forms, when you leave a review or a comment on a product or blog post, when you create an account, and when you purchase items through our website. We collect this information for various purposes, namely to provide and improve our products and services offered to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Personal Data: While using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Zip Code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
IP Address
Tracking & Cookies Data: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and to hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include a unique anonymous identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from websites and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, scripts, and hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purpose of cross-device tracking and to collect and track information for advertising and to improve and analyze our service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website/services.
Examples of Cookies we use include:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our services.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
HOW DOES ULA EQUIPMENT USE INFORMATION GATHERED ABOUT ONLINE VISITORS?
Before forwarding us any personal information, please be advised that any information gathered on our site may be used in the aggregate for research and development relating to our site and/or for future site development and, if you ask us to, to send you promotional materials. In particular, we may use information gathered about you for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain services and products
To notify you about changes to our service(s)
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our products & services
To monitor the usage of our products & services
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
For targeted advertising purposes
PROMOTIONAL & INFORMATIONAL OFFERS
With the permission of an online visitor, information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by ULA Equipment, provided notice of this fact is made available online. If a visitor objects to such use for any reason, he/she may prevent that use, either by e-mail request or by modifying the registration information provided. ULA Equipment uses reasonable efforts to maintain visitors’ information in a secure environment. If you have submitted personal information and want to change it or opt-out, please contact us as described below.
EMAILS
When you make a purchase on our website you may be sent the following emails:
Cart Abandonment emails,
Emails related to your purchase,
A pack fitting email with a video explaining how to fit your backpack,
Shipping Information,
Occasional marketing emails showcasing sales and/or new products.
Once you have received your product, should you wish to be removed from our list and your information to be erased from our database, simply click the “Unsubscribe” button located at the bottom of every email we send out, or email or call us using the information at the bottom of this page and we would be happy to remove your information for you.
COMMENTS & PRODUCT REVIEWS
When visitors leave comments or product reviews on our site, we collect the data shown in the comment or review form and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help with spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar Service Privacy Policy is available HERE. After approval of your comment or review, your profile picture (should you have one) is visible to the public in the context of your comment or review.
CONTACT FORMS
If you use our contact form, you are providing us with information such as your name, email, phone number, order number, and whatever additional information you choose to add. We retain this information for up to a year, or until we have answered your request or solved your issue. We do not use the information submitted through these forms for marketing purposes outside of your request.
OUR SHOP
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. While you visit our shop, we’ll track:
Products You’ve Viewed: We use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed.
Location, IP Address and Browser Type:
We use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping Address: We ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and deliver you the order.
Other:We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site. (See: COOKIES)
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 2 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address, and billing and shipping addresses.
WHO ON OUR TEAM HAS ACCESS
Only the Administrators and Shop Manager on our team have access to the information you provide us.
Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be delivered, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
WHAT WE SHARE
Through our store, we share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; this includes:
PAYMENTS
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. Please see the < a href=“https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full” target=“_blank”>PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
We also accept payments through Authorize.Net. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to Authorize.Net, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing. For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the < a href=“http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/” target=“_blank”>Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
SHIPPING
Our products are ship via UPS. To print shipping labels and in the shipping process, information such as your shipping address, name, and phone number may be passed to UPS. In addition, your zip code is used at checkout to generate real time shipping rates. You can read UPS Privacy Statement here.
ANALYTICS
We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit Google Privacy & Terms.
ADVERTISING
Adroll: When you visit our site, Adroll may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. Adroll may collect and use information such as, your IP address, cookie identifiers and other tracking technologies such as pixels, end-user website activity, and hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purpose of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising. For more information on the data collected by Adroll, how it is used, and their privacy practices visit the Adroll Group Service Privacy Notice.
For information on how you can opt out of targeted advertising, please visit AboutAds.info, or NetworkAdvertising.org.
Impact Tech Partnerships : We use Impact Partnerships, such as affiliate marketing and referrals, to promote our products. If you have visited our website through an affiliate and made a purchase, Impact may collect and use information about your purchase— such as your IP address, cookie identifiers and other tracking technologies such as pixels, as well product information—to facilitate the referral process. Impact does not receive information such as email address, names, addresses, etc. and they do not associate the data they process with any particular individual. For more information, read the Impact Privacy Policy.
EMBEDDED CONTENT
Articles on our site may include embedded content (e.g., videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
SOCIAL MEDIA
Our site uses Facebook conversion tracking pixels, a service of Facebook Inc. These tools allow us to follow the actions of a user after they are redirected to our site after clicking on a Facebook advertisement. This allows us to track the efficiency of our Facebook advertisements for statistical and marketing purposes. The data collected remains anonymous; meaning we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. The data collected is, however, saved and processed by Facebook. Facebook is able to connect this data to your personal Facebook account, and use that data for their own advertising purposes both within Facebook, and outside of Facebook. In Addition, a cookie is saved on your computer for these purposes. You can read Facebook’s Data Policy here.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
ULA Equipment will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
SECURITY OF DATA
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. We apply security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, such as retaining information in secure facilities, making personal information accessible only to authorized employees on a need-to-know basis, and transmitting data through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
You also have the option to access ula-equipment.com from your mobile or wireless device. When using your mobile device or a wireless network, the carrier or network administrator may have access to your Personal Information. For information regarding your carrier or network administrator’s treatment of your information, please consult their respective privacy policies.
The security of your data is of the utmost importance to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
ULA Equipment will not disclose personal information that you provide on our site to any third parties except: i) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or ii) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, warrant, subpoena or court order, and/or iii) if you are reporting an adverse event, in which case ULA Equipment may be required to disclose such information to bodies such as, but not limited to, U.S. and/or international regulatory authorities, iv.) to protect or defend the rights or property of ULA Equipment, v.) to prevent and investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our services, vi.) to protect against legal liability, vii.) to protect the personal safety of users of our service or the public. Please note that any of these disclosures may involve the storage or processing of personal information outside of the United States and may, therefore, be subject to different privacy laws than those applicable in the united States, including laws that require the disclosure of personal information to governmental authorities under circumstances that are different than those that apply in the United States.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN ONLINE
ULA Equipment considers the protection of children’s privacy, especially online, to be of the utmost importance. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children nor do we allow them to become registered users of, or to request information through, our site.
WHERE OUR DATA IS STORED
Personal information you share with us is stored on our database servers hosted by third parties who have entered into agreements with us that require them to observe our Privacy Policy.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO CONTENT AND MATERIAL SUBMITTED BY YOU
Any comments, reviews, posts, feedback, questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas, suggestions or other communications you submit on ULA Equipment are not private or proprietary. By submitting User Content on or through ULA Equipment, you grant ULA Equipment and its affiliates an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive, store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User Content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future. By submitting such User Content on or through ULA, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the User Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions associated with the User Content, including without limitation permissions relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of privacy; (c) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement, and (d) that you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and comply with these Terms. By submitting any such User Content on or through ULA Equipment, you grant ULA Equipment permission to use your name, alias and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such User Content to you. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject to our Privacy Policy, you authorize ULA Equipment and its affiliates to share the User Content across all affiliated Web sites and to use your name and any other information in connection with its use of such User Content. You also grant ULA Equipment and its affiliates the right to use any material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such User Content. We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you. Any and all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any compensation to you in any form. User Content does not reflect the views of ULA Equipment, and ULA Equipment does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any User Content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content. In no event shall ULA Equipment have or be construed to have any responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content. If we determine, in our sole discretion, you or any User Content you submit violates this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, to (a) refuse to allow you to submit further User Content, (b) remove and delete your User Content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content Submission Features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration, access using your e-mail address, your username and password.
ULA EQUIPMENT DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT, IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT) FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE.
POLICY CHANGE
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If we alter our Privacy Policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using this site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the site. By submitting your information, you agree that it will be governed by our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by:
P | 435.753.5191 E | chris@ula-equipment.com W | www.ula-equipment.com/about-ula/contact/
COPYRIGHT POLICY
LAST UPDATED: NOVEMBER 2017
All files and information contained in this website are copyright of ULA Equipment, or in the case of some images have been used with permission, and may not be duplicated, copied, modified or adapted, in any way without our written permission. Our Website may contain our trademarks as well as those of our affiliates or other companies, in the form of words, graphics, and logos.
Your use of our Website does not constitute any right or license for you to use our service marks or trademarks, without the prior written permission of ULA Equipment.
Our Content, as found within our Website, is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such Content, is strictly prohibited. Your use of our Website and Services does not grant you any ownership rights to our Content.
DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT
At ULA Equipment, we do not take claims of copyright infringement lightly. We respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law, and it is our policy to remove said infringing material and notify the user once removed.
If you believe any materials accessible on our website infringe upon your copyright, you may request removal of these materials by submitting written notification to the address below, as per the Digital Millenium Copyright Act.
By the Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), the written notice must include:
1. Identification of the copyrighted work or material. This identification must be sufficiently precise that it allows us to locate this material. 2. A statement that, with good faith, you believe that use of the copyrighted material was not authorized by the copyright owner. 3. A statement that the information in your written notice is both accurate and true. 4. A statement, under penalty of perjury, that you either are or are authorized to act on behalf of, the copyright owner. 5. Adequate contact information (IE: name, postal address, telephone number and/or e-mail address.) 6.Your signature, either physical or electronic.
NOTE: Your DMCA Notice may not be valid if you fail to comply with any and all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA.
Copyright Infringement notices may be mailed to:
695W 1700S Building 28 Suite 102 Logan, UT 84321
ABOUT ULAFabric
Design
History
The Shop
Contact Us
POLICIESWarranty & Repairs
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping & Handling
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Copyright
COMMUNITYULA Love
Brain Food
Equipment
Retailers
Trails
© Copyright 2020 ULA EQUIPMENT | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy PolicyPositive SSL
ADDED TO CART...
0