http://www.first4fruit.com/privacy-policy-i51
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
For more information, please see our
Cookies Page.
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Search
Change Currency
€ - Euros
$ - US Dollars
£ - British Sterling
Login
Register
My Wishlist
0 Items
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
(ex. VAT)
(ex. VAT)
(inc. VAT)
(inc. VAT)
Occasion
• Christmas• Birthday• Engagement• Wedding• New Baby• Anniversary
Fruit Baskets
• Fruit Baskets• Get Well Soon• Fresh Flowers• Artificial Flowers
Wine Gifts
• Wine and Alcohol Gifts• Red Wine• White Wine• Rosé Wine• Champagne & Sparkling• Whisky & Spirits• Lanchester Fruit Wines
Gift Baskets
• Christmas Gift Boxes and Baskets• Penny Post Gift Boxes• Gourmet Gift Baskets and Boxes• Chocolate Bouquets and Gifts• Sympathy• Pet Gifts• Teddy Bears
Gourmet Food Hampers
• Gourmet Hampers and Gifts• Picnic Hampers• Spring & Summer Gifts• Gifts For Him• Gifts For Her
Build Your Own
Office Fruit
Home › Privacy Policy
About Us
Quick Order
Trade Enquiries
Privacy Policy
FIRST 4 FRUIT
First 4 Fruit (or We) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how First 4 Fruit collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service, submit a sales enquiry or otherwise contact us.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, the data controller is First 4 Fruit of (Greencroft Estate, Tower Road, Annfield Plain, Stanley, Co. Durham, DH9 7XP).  We have appointed a data privacy management team which is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice.  If you have any questions about this notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact this team by email at info@first4Fruit.com. You can also contact the team by post at the address above.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
·                   Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, and gender.
·                   Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
·                   Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
·                   Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
·                   Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
·                   Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests and feedback.
·                   Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
·                   Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
·                   Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
·                   make a purchase or enquire about our products;
·                   subscribe to our newsletter or request other marketing information to be sent to you; or
·                   give us feedback or contact us for any reason.
·                   Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, and other similar technologies.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
·                   Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you or the organisation for which you work.
·                   Where it is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
·                   Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Marketing
If you are an existing or recent customer, your personal information may be used in our legitimate interests to send you details of similar products that we offer which we have identified as being of potential interest to you.  This will be in line with the marketing preferences that you indicated when you provided your personal information to us and/or in line with the provisions on consent in the current e-privacy rules.  We will also send you marketing communications where, for example, you have signed up to our newsletter via the website or requested marketing communications from us in another way.
You may, at any time, opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, please use the unsubscribe function which is available on all electronic communications from us.  Alternatively, please contact us at info@first4Fruit.com or use the postal address above. If you would like to change the channels via which we communicate with you (such as email or post) please contact us at info@first4Fruit.com or the postal address above.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to collect information about how our visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often.  You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at info@first4Fruit.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with third parties for the purpose of completing any contract we have with you or your organisation, for example, logistics or IT service providers.
We require all third parties with whom we share your personal data to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These rights include your right to:
·                   Request access to your personal data.
·                   Request correction of your personal data.
·                   Request erasure of your personal data.
·                   Object to processing of your personal data
·                   Request restriction of processing your personal data.
·                   Request transfer of your personal data.
·                   Right to withdraw consent to processing (note that we usually have other grounds for processing personal data but where we do process on the basis of consent, you have the right to withdraw the consent at any time).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact usat info@first4Fruit.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Changes to the Privacy Policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated in June 2018. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
First 4 Fruit Company Limited
May 2018
Continue BrowsingVisit our homepage.
Newsletter Signup
');
-->
Tweet
Community
Join Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
RSS Feeds
First 4 Fruit
• About Us
• Competitions
• Contact Us
Your Order
• Delivery & Returns
• Privacy Policy
Information
• Terms & Conditions
eCommerce by eCommerce by Visualsoft