http://www.lifekind.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.lifekind.com and Lifekind, Inc. (“Lifekind”), and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Lifekind include www.lifekind.com. The Lifekind website is an informational and ecommerce shopping site. By using the Lifekind website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationLifekind may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email, address and phone number. If you purchase Lifekind's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. Lifekind may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age and gender. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Lifekind. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Lifekind website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Lifekind's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.Lifekind encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Lifekind so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Lifekind is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Lifekind website.Use of your Personal InformationLifekind collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.Lifekind may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Lifekind and its affiliates.Lifekind may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Lifekind may share data and its customer lists with authorized Lifekind retailers and affiliates for marketing or other purposes.Lifekind may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Lifekind, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.Lifekind may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Lifekind, in order to determine what Lifekind services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Lifekind to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Lifekind will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Lifekind or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Lifekind; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Lifekind, or the public.Use of CookiesThe Lifekind website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Lifekind pages, or register with Lifekind site or services, a cookie helps Lifekind to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Lifekind website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Lifekind features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Lifekind services or websites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationTo secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Lifekind uses the following:Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Children Under ThirteenLifekind does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.Opt-Out & UnsubscribeWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Lifekind by contacting us here:- Web page: www.lifekind.com - Email: info@lifekind.com - Phone: (800) 284-4983Changes to this StatementLifekind will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Lifekind encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Lifekind is protecting your information.Contact InformationLifekind welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Lifekind has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Lifekind at:
Lifekind, Inc.333 Crown Point Circle#225Grass Valley, CA 95945Email Address: info@lifekind.com Telephone number: (800) 284-4983Effective as of October 01, 2018