https://www.vivaterra.com/privacypolicy
Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu
Last updated: Jan 1, 2020VivaTerra, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members ("Members") and users, and has established this Privacy Policy as a result. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of:• the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our web site, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, fax or mail, use our mobile applications, place orders through social media applications (such as our Facebook App) or otherwise contact us via telephone, email, fax or mail (collectively, our “Services”),• why we gather information from you,• how we collect it,• how we use it, and• the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided.This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of our web site located at www.vivaterra.com. The Services are owned by VivaTerra International, LLC (the "Company"). Note: You must be 18 years or older and the age of majority in your place of residence to use, subscribe or register as a member of VivaTerra (or 21 years or older in the event that you place a request for transmission of an order for a product containing alcohol). The Service is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children under 13 years of age.Why do we gather information?VivaTerra gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties.What information do we gather?We collect information through our Web Site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone, mobile applications and social media applications (such as our Facebook App) including when you:• place an order,• participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and• engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users.Depending on how you interact with us, we collect some or all of the following types of information:• your name, address, telephone number, email address,• billing information (credit card number, expiration date alternate or additional billing information and billing address),• gender and birth date, if you choose to enter such information,• products purchased and occasion type (for example, Mother's Day),• any promotion or gift card code and related information (for example, if you are claiming frequent flyer miles),• Message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses, and• other information you provide to us, including User Submissions (defined in the Terms of Use).Information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. Members may also add to their Address Book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. Only Members have the right to view and edit their Address Book entries.How we use "Cookies" and "Action Tags"?A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to you. Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the VivaTerra Web Site, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly.We have relationships with third parties who may receive personal information directly from the cookies placed by our Web Site on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers.Our Web Site also uses a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. Action tags (including third party tags) may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, our Web Site does not use action tags to collect or transfer personal information.How we use the information we collect?We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from VivaTerra and our affiliated brands and to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. In addition, we may make such information (except for credit card number and expiration date, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes.However, without your consent, we do not make your, or your gift or message recipients' email addresses, available to third parties (as that term is defined and limited below). For example, we may make your postal address available to third parties for marketing purposes, however we would not share your email address without your consent. In addition, you may instruct that other personal information about you or your message or gift recipients' that you have provided to us not be shared with third parties by following the instructions in How to Limit the Use of Personal Information, below.Our Affiliates, subcontractors, and agents, and any successors to our business (if we ever sell some or all of our business), are not considered to be third parties under this Policy. We may provide your information to our Affiliates for use in connection with their businesses, including sending you offers and promotions. However, in connection with information collected under this Policy, they are required to comply with this Policy. "Affiliates" are persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with VivaTerra International LLC.We may combine information we receive from you via our Services with information from our Affiliates and third parties. We use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.We reserve the right to disclose information you provide to us as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the Services, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the Company, its Affiliates, users, customers, recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants and Associates (as these terms are defined in the Terms of Use).Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in the Terms of Use, such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and used by us or with third parties, including to contact you. Information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk.  Consent to Transfer and SubmissionOur Services are operated in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States. By using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. Although personal information collected by us through our Services is used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the U.S. may not be as stringent as those in other countries.Links to Other Web SitesVivaTerra wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party web sites, or when you interact with us through third party services such as on our Facebook page, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those services, not ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other service.Security and PasswordsIf you place an order on our Web site, it encrypts the credit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the Web Site is viewed using Microsoft's Internet Explorer® or Netscape Navigator®. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive.Portions of the Web Site (such as our Member registration and Address Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password (collectively, the "Password"). Passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the Web Site (and otherwise as specified by us). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password and for all activities that occur using your Password, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts.We may provide you with the ability to log into our Services using a social media account, such as Facebook Connect. We do not control the activities of such social media services and have no control over the data they collect or their privacy practices. You should review their privacy practices before using any such social media service.How to Limit the Use of Personal InformationFrom Third PartiesWe do not share email addresses you provide with third parties without your consent. In addition, if you prefer that other personal information provided by you not be shared with third parties, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below. Your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law.Emailing us at: remove@vivaterra.com from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; orWriting us at:VivaTerra Customer Satisfaction Department7021 Wolftown-Hood RdMadison, VA 22727Telephoning us at 1-800-247-6799 Monday – Saturday, 8am to 10pm ET. (Please, include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call).From our AffiliatesIf you also prefer not to have us provide personal information about you to our Affiliates, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to our "Affiliates."From VivaTerraIf you also prefer that we not use the personal information you have provided to contact you or your message or gift recipients for our own marketing and promotional purposes, please indicate in your email or letter that you wish your instructions to apply to "VivaTerra". These instructions, however, do not apply to non-promotional messages from us.Please note that your instructions (above) do not govern the use of information you have provided to our Affiliates or to third parties (including any merchants referenced or accessible via our Service). The use of information you have provided to our Affiliates or to third parties is governed by their privacy policies and terms.Any promotional email we send to you or your gift or message recipients will include a link to our Privacy Policy and a link to use to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender.CorrectionsIf you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to update@vivaterra.com.Members can modify and update their membership information (including name, mailing address, birth date, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password-protected "Update Membership" page.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT OF 2018 (CCPA)
You have the right to request, twice a year and free of charge, information that VivaTerra collects, uses, discloses and sells by following the instructions under “How to Make a Request” below.
You may delete your personal information collected or maintained by VivaTerra by following the instructions under “How to Make a Request” below. We cannot keep a record of individuals whose personal information we have deleted so you may be contacted again by us, should we come into possession of your personal information at a later date.
If you decide to delete your personal information, you may lose out on coupons and other targeted incentives that may save you money. In order to keep these incentives, VivaTerra must have access to your Identifiers and Commercial Information listed below.
If you exercise your rights under the CCPA, VivaTerra will not discriminate against you.
How to Make a Request
To make such a request, please submit your request via this Webform. You also may contact us via our customer service line at 1-800-247-6799 or email us at vtinfo@vivaterra.com. Once the webform is submitted you will receive an email to the email address you have mentioned.
A VivaTerra representative will contact you within 10 business days to confirm your identity.
We will request your name, mailing address, and email address from you in order to complete the verification process. We will also request some additional information, such as: last four digits of your credit card, last item ordered, date of last order, total dollar charge of last order, last item you returned, name of person you have shipped to in the past, or a monogram you have placed on a recent order.
Once confirmed VivaTerra will take action on your request for information or request for delete in 45 days. If more time is needed to respond, VivaTerra will notify you. You may use an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
VivaTerra has collected, will collect and has disclosed the personal information in the last 12 months described in the categories below:
• Identifiers: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
• Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)): A name, signature, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
• Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law: Age, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression) or veteran or military status
• Commercial information: Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
• Internet or other similar network activity: Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
• Geolocation data: Physical location or movements.
• Inferences drawn from other personal information: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Your Consent and Changes to this PolicySubject to the above provisions, by using our Web Site, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. We will post the revised Privacy Policy on our Web Site at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the Company or our customers, users, Members, recipients, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants, Associates and Affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. The date on which the current Privacy Policy and overall Terms of Use took effect is listed at the top of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (see "Last Updated" at the top of each).By using VivaTerra, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part.Your CommentsVivaTerra welcomes feedback concerning this Privacy Policy. Please send your comments and questions to customerservice@vivaterra.com.
Most items can be returned within 90 days by mail.
Online Return Policy
We accept these payment methods, plus eGift cards.
THE VIVATERRA GUARANTEE
If, for any reason, you are less than 100% satisfied with a product you have purchased from us, return it within 90 days using one of our hassle-free return or exchange methods.
Learn More about our Guarantee
chat_bubble
Fri Dec 11 01:01:06 EST 2020