http://www.thecatspjs.com/policies/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING IN THE USA & CANADA!
Our Story
By Fabrics
Pima Knit
Luxe Pima
Flannel
Voile
Poplin
By Patterns
Checks, Plaids & Geos
Solids, Stripes & Dots
Florals
Conversationals
By Styles
Long-Sleeved Sets
Capri
Shorts Sets
Robes & Night Shirts
Bottoms
Mens
Mommy & Me
Plus Size
Search
Search
My Account
Privacy policy
What will you do with my personal data?
The Cat’s Pajamas will not sell, distribute, lease or trade any customer information to third parties. Customers who opt-in to our Cat Club will receive monthly emails with coupon codes and special offers. All mailings we send are clearly identified as being from The Cat’s Pajamas and will always include options to unsubscribe and contact us.
Is my credit card info safe?
The Cat’s Pajamas uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for secure transmission of your credit card information. Credit card transactions are processed by Authorize.Net. The Cat’s Pajamas never receives or stores your credit card information in any format, so there is no risk that it might be hacked or disclosed.
Ordering pajamas
Can I have my order gift wrapped?
We provide a gift box for $5.00 per pajama. Click the gift box option when you are checking out and use the special instructions box to indicate a gift card message.  If the gift package is going to the buyer, we will enclose a blank gift card for you to fill out. We’re sorry, but we cannot offer gift boxes on international orders.
Can I phone in an order rather than processing my order online?
Yes. for more information, call us at 424.744.8332.
Why are so many styles sold out?
We are a small company and have many styles that are very popular with our customers. While we try to keep a consistent inventory, sometimes we are unable to meet the demand.
What if I want something that is sold out?
You can always email us if you would like to backorder a sold out style and we will let you know about future availability. You may also consult the store finder, but we advise calling the store before making a trip to see if they have the item in stock.
Do you have a catalog you can send me?
No, we do not have a retail catalog. All of our retail sales are handled via our website.
Do you charge sales tax?
Orders shipped within California are subject to 7.5% sales tax.
Pajamas exchanges & returns
Do you accept exchanges or returns?
The Cat’s Pajamas accepts returns and exchanges for items purchased via its website within 30 days of receipt of shipment. During the holidays we extend our return and exchange window to accommodate gift giving.  Orders placed in November and December can be sent back through January 20th of the following year.
No item will be accepted that is not in its original condition (unworn, unwashed). The Cat’s Pajamas will refund the entire amount of the garment and any taxes, but shipping and gift wrap on returned merchandise is non-refundable. Ship all returns pre-paid.  Insurance is recommended for your protection. The Cat’s Pajamas will credit your original method of purchase within 3 days of arrival in our warehouse.
Returns will only be made for items that can be verified to have been purchased through our website. The Cat’s Pajamas will not take returns or exchanges for items purchased at retail locations or at sample sales. A copy of the invoice or gift receipt that accompanied the web order should be included with returns or exchanges. If this is not possible, we must have the full name of the purchaser to confirm that the transaction occurred over the website. There are no exceptions to this policy.
The Cat’s Pajamas does not cover the return shipping for international exchanged pajamas.  Contact us directly for information on international exchanges as increased shipping fees will apply.
Please do not package in padded envelopes. They frequently arrive punctured causing damage to the pajamas. Damaged items will not be accepted for returns. We recommend packing them in a box and using insurance. Also note, wadding the pajamas into a ball when returning them will result in bad karma!
Wholesale pajamas inqury
How can I receive wholesale information about your company?
The Cat’s Pajamas has sales showrooms located in New York, Minneapolis, Dallas, and Atlanta.For wholesale information, please email us at sales@thecatspjs.com or call us at 424-744-8332.
Cat’s Pajamas Privacy Policy
Effective as of September 2015
Acceptance of Private Policy by use
By accessing, browsing, and using this website (Site) of The Cat’s Pajamas, you acknowledge you have read, understood, and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If for any reason you do not agree with and accept all the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop accessing, browsing, and using this Site.
Changes to privacy policy
The Cat’s Pajamas reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check our Privacy Policy for periodic changes as you use our Site. By accessing, browsing, and using this site, you agree to any such changes.
Information Collected by Cat’s Pajamas
Information you supply us
The Cat’s Pajamas collects information when you use our Site. This information is normally provided when you search our Site, buy our Merchandise, complete an on-line survey, establish an account with us, or communicate with us through our Site, by telephone, by mail, or by fax.
Examples of the type of information you may supply us include your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address.
The Cat’s Pajamas does not collect and keep credit card information. That information is collected by third parties who facilitate transactions on the website, and subject to those third parties’ privacy policies. You should consult the privacy and other policies of such third party sites.
Cookies
Like many websites, The Cat’s Pajamas utilizes cookies, small text files that are transferred by a web server and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device, to maintain a record of your visit to the Site. This information does not identify you personally, and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided The Cat’s Pajamas with personal information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you would prefer to prevent your computer from accepting cookies from The Cat’s Pajamas, you may follow your Internet browser’s steps for doing so. Please note, however, that if you do disable cookies from your browser, you may not be able to access certain sections of the Site.
Google Analytics
Cat’s Pajamas also uses Google Analytics to track users’ activities on the Site. We do this so we can better serve our customers by keeping up with, for example, how many visitors the Site receives, which pages the visitors frequent, and what time of day visitors arrive.
Other information
We may also collect information from you, which includes, but is not limited to, the following:
the IP address used to connect your computer to the internet
computer and connection information such as your browser type and version
operating system and platform
confirmation when you open an e-mail we send you
the URLs which lead you to and around our website, including the date and time you visit those URLs
the pages and/or products you viewed or searched for
the phone number used to call our voice telephone numbers
information related to your purchase of Merchandise
Orders
If you place an order using our Site, we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase.
Disclosure and Sharing of Information Collected from You
The Cat’s Pajamas may, and reserves the right to, disclose, or share information that The
Cat’s Pajamas has collected or obtained from you as a result of your use of our Site. Such information may include, but not be limited to, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail addresses, and information concerning and related to your purchase of
Merchandise
Links to third party sites
Our Site may contain links to third party sites. The Cat’s Pajamas is not responsible for disclosure practices or content of these sites. Refer to the third parties’ privacy policies for the terms and conditions which govern your relationship with them.
Law enforcement and protection of users
We will release information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also cooperate with law enforcement investigations and comply with court orders or subpoenas.
Business transfer
In the event The Cat’s Pajamas is sold or merges or becomes affiliated with any other individual or entity, any customer information owned or under the control of Cat’s Pajamas may be part of the assets and properties transferred.
Security
Our website protects the security of personal information you transmit to us by using
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input during the transmission to us. In order to protect against unauthorized access to your account, you should sign off when you finish visiting our site.
Mailing list
Our website gives you the opportunity to receive communications from us by opting-in to our mailing list. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling 1-424-744-8332 or emailing info@thecatspjs.com.
Children’s online policy
Cat’s Pajamas is committed to the preservation of online privacy for children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. The Cat’s Pajamas, through its Site, sells Merchandise which is not marketed directly to children. If you make a purchase on our Site, you are representing that you are an adult.
Purchases outside of the United States
The Cat’s Pajamas operates its business and this Site in compliance with United States law. If you make a purchase on the Site from outside the United States, please remember other laws may apply.