https://www.hat-a-tude.com/privacy-policy.php
(888) 832-0630
Email Me
Menu
My Size & StyleWhat's My Hat SizeWhat's My Hat StyleSummer Hat Shopping GuideWinter Hat Shopping GuideOrderingOrderingShippingSHOP NOWPhotosGallery 2017Gallery 2016Gallery 2015Gallery 2014Gallery 2013Gallery 2012Gallery 2011Gallery 2010Gallery 2009Gallery 2008In The NewsHat Wear & CareContact MeContact MeKathi's PageLinksBlog
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to hat-a-tude.com only (the “Site”). hat-a-tude.com is an online website owned and operated by Kathi Harris (“hat-a-tude.com”) and dedicated to the promotion and sale of fashion apparel.
We appreciate the trust you place in hat-a-tude.com and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect through hat-a-tude.com and how we use that information. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the hat-a-tude.com Terms of Service.
By using or accessing hat-a-tude.com, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect
To best serve your needs, we will, from time to time, collect certain information from you.
Personal Information. The personal information we collect may include, without limitation, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, gender, corporate information, testimonial, credit and debit card information, age and date of birth. Personal information will be collected at various times including, without limitation, when you:
Register on hat-a-tude.com
Order or reorder products through hat-a-tude.com
Write an e-mail or letter to hat-a-tude.com
Submit a testimonial to hat-a-tude.com
Return an item or make an exchange
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
Contact our customer service department
Visit or enter the hat-a-tude.com Site
Use the hat-a-tude.com Site
Site Use Information / Cookies. As you interact with the Site, we collect certain Site use information. This information is collected for everyone who enters the Site. When you enter hat-a-tude.com we collect your IP address and browser type. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. The cookies we use include, without limitation, session ID cookies and persistent cookies. This data may be used for security purposes, to track usage and to manage and improve the Site. Cookies also allow us to enhance, personalize and track your online experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you. This technology will allow you to move faster through our Site once the information is in our database since you do not have to re-enter the same information each time you enter the Site. Session ID cookies confirm that you are logged in. These cookies terminate once you close your browser. Persistent cookies store your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you come back to the Site.
2. Using Information We Collect
We want to provide you with the best possible Internet experience and we want to fulfill your orders exactly as you've requested. Additionally, we want to make your experience on the Site a pleasant one.
In order to do this, we collect information that allows us to, without limitation:
Process your order
Provide the products and services you request
Send you promotional offers for products/services
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide information concerning products you have purchased
Improve our product selection and customer service
Share your positive product testimonials with others
Provide you with targeted marketing and product promotions
Include your name, stories, testimonials and images in marketing publications or other media, on websites, on the Site, at events, on CDs and DVDs, in any other promotional communications to customers or others, or as otherwise deemed useful or appropriate by hat-a-tude.com and its related companies.
We may occasionally use your name and e-mail address to send you notifications regarding new products and services offered by hat-a-tude.com that we think you may find valuable.
3. Information We Share With Others
It is not our practice to sell, rent, or trade personal information.
We contract with third party providers to provide certain services, including, without limitation, credit card processing, IT consulting, printing, shipping, Internet services, e-commerce, public and media relations. We make every effort to provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services. Generally, such companies are prohibited from sharing this information with anyone other than hat-a-tude.com.
We share your information with third parties in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is 1) reasonably necessary, 2) legally required or 3) permitted by you.
We let you choose to share information with marketers or electronic commerce providers through offers contained on the Site.
Legal Considerations. On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a subpoena or court order, or when required by law to do so. Additionally, we may share information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to report and/or prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Site, or to prevent imminent bodily harm. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
4. Third Party Advertising
Advertisements that appear on the Site are sometimes delivered directly to you by third party advertisers. The third party advertiser will automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs") to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on the Site unless you choose to share it with them. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us on the Site and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.
5. How We Use E-mail
When you provide us your e-mail address, you may receive e-mails from us. E-mails may be sent in order to help us process your order, respond to a request, provide customer service or inform you about products, services or promotional materials. Additionally, we may occasionally send you notifications regarding new hat-a-tude.com or hat-a-tude.com services or features that we think you may find valuable.
It is our intent to send promotional e-mails only to those persons who wish to receive them. We provide instructions on how to unsubscribe in our e-mails. hat-a-tude.com reserves the right to send you notices about your account and your orders even if you opt out of all voluntary e-mail notifications.
6. Security
hat-a-tude.com is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of information we collect, and we limit the information we provide to third parties.
When you make a purchase or submit a document on our Site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.
7. Privacy of Children on Our Site
hat-a-tude.com is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18. hat-a-tude.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register or make purchases at hat-a-tude.com. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register or make a purchase on hat-a-tude.com or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to hat-a-tude.com or on hat-a-tude.com. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at privacy@marketamerica.com.
8. Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use your information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes in our Site. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically.
9. Your Consent
By using the Site or by continuing to order products and/or services, you consent to the collection and use of your information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
10. Terms of Participation, hat-a-tude.com General Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, Notices and Revisions
Your use of the Site, and any disputes arising from it, are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service and all of its dispute resolution provisions including limitation on damages and choice of law. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service at any time. All changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, upon their posting on this Site. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate on this policy the new effective date. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to hat-a-tude.com only. Any information you provide to hat-a-tude.com outside of the scope of hat-a-tude.com, including, without limitation, to any other hat-a-tude.com related companies, owned or operated websites, at an event, by telephone, mail or e-mail is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at privacy@marketamerica.com.
Shop Now
Click to add text...
Do you want a personal Hat consultation?  I am YOUR Hat Designer!  I live in St. Petersburg, Florida in the beautiful USA.  If you live nearby you may visit my studio by appointment.  Be warned, it is a working studio so frequently not very neat…creative mind at work!  However, if you do not live in the area you may email me your picture and/or your dress and I will do my best to help you select the best hat for you.  I want you to look fabulous as you attend the Kentucky Derby, Party or Horse Race.  A hat is not complete without a smile coming from beneath it.  After all, if you don’t look good, HAT-A-TUDE doesn’t look good.  My clients are my inspiration. The fact that I care so much about providing personal service sets me apart from the “big box” online hat sellers.  As one lovely client wrote:  “I'm overwhelmed with this gorgeous hat. One thing for sure and I know A****  is competitive but there's a difference between class and  cash….May be cheaper but your hats are quality!”  Makes my heart sing!
Want to look fabulous in your Hat on Kentucky Derby Day?  It is very important your hat FIT properly!  Your Hat should not be sitting down over your ears (well, maybe a little if it is being worn at a jaunt) or up on the tip top of your head.  Poor fit is one of my pet peeves.  It is the reason I provide instruction on the HAT-A-TUDE website on HOW to measure your head and WHY I sell hats by head size in inches.  A hat that is too big will slide all over your head and a hat that is too tight will make your head hurt.  Your hat should be a pleasure, not a distraction.  After all you will be walking, eating, drinking and cheering on your horse…in other words on the move!  So please measure your head before ordering!  Of course Fascinators and Profile Hatinators are mounted on a headband and allow for more flexibility in size.  If you have questions, I am just a phone call or email away.  For more info go to What’s My Hat Size Page.
The Kentucky Oaks is run the Friday before the Kentucky Derby.  The first running of the Kentucky Oaks (and the Kentucky Derby) was on May 19, 1875.  The race was founded by Meriwether Lewis Clark, Jr. and has been held continuously at the same race track location in Louisville, Kentucky.  The Oaks is to celebrate the Ladies.  Three year old fillies (female thoroughbred horses) run in the Oaks race.  It is frequently called The Run for the Lilies since the official flower is the pink stargazer lily and the flower garland that covers the winning horse.  Since 2008, the Oaks has also been the “Pink Out”!   To honor breast and ovarian cancer survivors, PINK is worn by attendees at the Oaks. So if you are going to the Kentucky Oaks you will need a hat with pink trim or a pink hat.  I have a lot of Pink in my Derby Hat Catalog!  All shades and combinations and can “Pink Out” out your hat selection.
**FYI:  To answer your question:  If you are attending both the Oaks and Kentucky Derby, YES you will need 2 Hats!
How Big of a Brim Hat should I wear to the Kentucky Derby?  This depends on a number of choices:  How tall you are and how much “drama” do you want to carry on your head all day.  A hat with a 5 inch brim looks proportionate on a 5’ tall lady and small on a 6’ tall lady.   Also if you are petite you will be bending your head back all day to look at people in a XL large brim…ouch!  Usually 6 inches is a good dramatic size brim on all women for the Kentucky Derby or Kentucky Oaks.  To truly be over the top,  go for an 8 inch brim hat!  Many of my clients choose this option.  Consider the Derby is a long day and you will be colliding with doorways and others!  For any hat proper FIT is very important.  Read more on this subject on my page What's my Head Size. One way to get the spectacular big hat look is to choose a profile fascinator or hatinator.  This style is mounted on a headband (also fits more head sizes!) and more vertical than horizontal.  Profiles have become very popular in England.  I heard one reason is more people could be packed into Ascot.  Purely hearsay, but sounds logical to me.  Your outfit and your Derby Hat has to fulfill YOUR  vision!  Let Kathi @ Hat-A-Tude help you.
Each year I ask my Hat-a-Tude clients to send me pictures of themselves and their Hats to post on the website.  I feel it is important for ladies to see what outfits and hats are actually worn to the Kentucky Derby and Derby parties.  One thing I notice is they are all smiling under those Hats!  It has been my intention to be sure you are wearing the best hat for you...your height, head size and color of outfit.  I love seeing those smiles and know others are smiling back at you and telling you how great you look. If you don't look good, Hat-a-Tude doesn't look good!  Women wearing hats are at once sophisticated and whimsical....Their faces are younger and softer.
A piece of magic is a hat!  May your Hat keep you cool and bring you luck at the Kentucky Derby.
The Kentucky Derby is not only the most famous thoroughbred horse race in the US, but also a celebration of fashion, Hats, southern culture and tradition.
The Derby is all about the Ladies HATS!  I feel national television shows as much coverage of the Hats as the Horses on Derby Day!  In addition to the Kentucky Derby, ladies also enjoy wearing their Hats to Derby parties, polo races and other horse racing events.
What is a "Derby Hat"?  A hat with a bigger brim and some "personality"....from the silly to the sophisticated.  Hat-a-Tude designs reflect a sophisticated style with quality ribbon, flower and feather trims customized to compliment your outfit.  I am a boutique Hat Shop available to work with you in creating your special outfit for the Kentucky Derby.
For the hours a woman wears a hat, it brings out a different dimension in her personality.  Hats are to be stylish in, glow under, flirt beneath, make all others seem jealous over, and make all men feel masculine about.  A piece of magic is a hat!  May your Hat keep you cool and bring you luck at the Kentucky Derby.
Back to Top
Back to Top
Shop Now
Home
Size & Style
Ordering
Photos
Hat Wear and Care
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
HAT-A-TUDE204 37th Ave NUnit #141St Petersburg, FL 33704TOLL FREE(888) 832-0630
Copyright 2016
Home | Size & Style | Ordering
| Shop Now| Photos
| Hat Wear & Care
| Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020
Home | Size & Style | Ordering
| Shop Now| Photos
| Hat Wear & Care
| Contact Me
| Privacy Policy
Hat-a-Tude 204 37th Ave N Unit #141 Saint Petersburg, Florida 33704
TOLL FREE (888) 832-0630
Online Payments