http://www.impressinprint.com/help.aspx#71
Items in Cart: 0•Subtotal: $0.00•Call: 602-995-4888
My Account•View Cart•Wish List||FAQ•Our Blog•Contact Us•Home
Invitations
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
ANNIVERSARYASIAN/MOROCCANBABY SHOWERBAPTISM/COMMUNIONBBQ/PICNICBIRTHDAY Children/Juvenile
1st Birthday   Boys   Girls   Girls or Boys Gals Birthday
General Birthday Theme
Guys Birthday
Milestone Birthday
Surprise Birthday
Teens
BORDERED DESIGNS Borders - Designer
Borders - Simple
BOWS & RIBBONSBRIDAL/LINGERIE SHOWER/BACHELORETTE Bachelorette Party
Bridal Invitations
Lingerie Shower Invitations
CASINOCITIES/PLACES/INTERNATIONAL THEMECLAMBAKE/SEAFOODCOCKTAIL/WINE & CHEESECOOKING/RECIPE PARTYDECADESDESIGNS WITH MATCHING TABLEWAREEASTERFALL/THANKSGIVINGFIESTAFILL IN DESIGNSFLORALFORMAL  Bows/Ribbons
Embossed/Layered
Invitations
Stationery Papers
GLITTER & GEMSGRADUATION & SCHOOLGUYS ONLY/MASCULINE THEMEJUDAICAJUNGLELADIES ONLY THEMESLGBTMARDI GRASMULTIPLE ON SHEET 2-Up Styles
4-Up Designs
MUSIC/ART/DANCE/THEATERNATURE/SCENERYNAUTICALNEW HOME/MOVING/GRAND OPENINGPARTY/ANY CELEBRATION/GENERAL THEMEPATRIOTIC/FOURTH OF JULYRETIREMENTSPORTS/GOLF Baseball
Bowling
Football
Golf
Gymanastics
Other Sports
SWEET 16/QUINCEANERATEA/COFFEE/LUNCHEONTROPICAL/POOL/LUAU/BEACH Palm Trees/Hawaiian
Photo Cards
Pool/Summer/Flip Flops
Tropical/Beach/Luau
VARIOUSWESTERN
Holiday & Seasonal
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
CHRISTMAS  Eco-Friendly
Invitations
Classic/Traditional   Cocktail/Food/Tea   Embellished/Die-Cut/Bows   Fun/Retro/Party People   Juvenile/Babies   Multiple On A Sheet   Nautical/Tropical/Outdoors Labels, Seals & Gift Tags
CHRISTMAS
(cont.) Photo Cards - Digital Photo
Stationery Papers 8.5 x 11
Classic/Traditional   Fun/Festive/Retro   Juvenile/Babies   Nautical/Tropical/Outdoors   ReligiousEASTERFALL/THANKSGIVING Invitations
Stationery Papers 8.5 x 11
FOURTH OF JULYHALLOWEEN Invitation Cardstock
Stationery Papers 8.5 x 11
NEW YEARST PATRICKS DAYVALENTINES DAY
Stationery & Notecards
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
LETTERHEAD & STATIONERY PAPERS Anniversary
Any Birthday
Asian/Moroccan
Babies/Children
Baby Shower
Bachelor & Bachelorette Parties
Baptism/Christening/Communion
BBQ/Picnic
Birthday
Just Boys   Just Girls Borders - Designer
Bridal
Casino
Cities/Places/Travel
Clambake/Seafood
Cocktail/Wine
Easter
Fall/Thanksgiving
Fiesta
LETTERHEAD & STATIONERY PAPERS (cont.) Floral
Graduation/School
Guys Only/Masculine Theme
Halloween
Judaica
Jungle
Ladies Only
Mardi Gras
Moving/New Address
Music/Dance/Theatre
Nature/Scenery
Nautical
New Year
Party/Any Celebration
Patriotic
Pool/Summer/Flip Flops
Religious/Inspirational
Retirement
Retro/Modern/Funky
Royalty/Medieval
Sports/Golf
St. Patricks Day
LETTERHEAD & STATIONERY PAPERS (cont.) Sweet 16/Quinceanera
Tea/Luncheon
Tropical/Beach/Luau
Valentines Day
Western
NOTE CARDS Babies/Baby Shower
Baptism/Communion
Children/Teens
Boys   Girls Feminine Design
Graduation/School
Holiday/Seasonal
Masculine Design
Monogram Design
Retro/Modern/Funky
Thank You Designs
Tropical/Beach
Wedding/Bridal
REPLY CARDS/RSVPRETURN ADDRESS LABELS
Babies & Children
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
BABY SHOWER Invitations
Twins
BAPTISM/COMMUNIONBIRTH/ADOPTION ANNOUNCEMENTS Boys
Girls
Holiday/Christmas
Photo Design
Twins
BIRTHDAY 1st Birthday
Children/Juvenile
Just Boys   Just GirlsLABELSLETTERHEAD & STATIONERY PAPERS Babies/Children
Baby Shower
TWINSWALL STICKERS Sticker Art
Sticker Corners
Sticker Frames
Sticker Trains
Wedding & Bridal
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
BRIDAL/LINGERIE SHOWER/BACHELORETTEENGAGEMENT INVITATIONSLETTERHEAD & STATIONERY PAPERSREHEARSAL DINNER INVITATIONSSAVE THE DATE Magnets
Save The Date
WEDDING INVITATIONS Designs or Floral
Destination/Tropical/City
Formal/Bows/Layered
LGBT
Modern/Simple/Fun
Seasonal & Holiday
Business
What's New In This Area
What's On Sale In This Area
GREETING CARDS HOME AND OFFICEINVITATIONS General Occasion
Holiday/Seasonal
PROGRAMS & BROCHURESSTATIONERY/LETTERHEAD
Help Center
How to Place An Order
Placing an order online
Placing a phone order
Product samples
Forms or payment
About Our Products
Laser/inkjet papers
Postage requirements
Personalized / Imprinted Cards
Arrangement / lines of text
Proofs of personalized orders
Printing
Wording samples
Errors in printing
Blank Cards (You Print)
How to print
Shipping / Processing Time
Order processing information
Shipping transit time
Shipping charges
Shipping internationally
Tracking your order
About Your Account
Order status
E-mail / password
About Us / Policies
Our company / our guarantee
Price matching
Cancellations
Return policy
Need More Help?
Home
Help Center
Shop By Occasion
Fall/Thanksgiving Invites
Fall Laser Papers
Christmas Invitations
Birth Announcements
Birthday Parties
Customer Comments
"I just wanted to let you all know just how impressed I have been...
I have never been anything less than COMPLETELY happy with the invitations I`ve received.
I will continue to order from you, and will be sure to pass your name on to my friends."
Amy;
Roswell, NM
Read More
Site Options
Friend Us
Follow us
Join our mailing list
Send page to a friend
Help Center
General Contact Information
Phone:
602-995-4888
E-mail:
Mailing Address:
Impress In Print
6833 N 21st Ave
Phoenix, AZ 85015
Navigating Our Site
Locating products
What does the orange
box mean in the site?
Technical problems with the site
How to Place An Order
Placing an order online
Placing a phone order
Placing a fax / mail order
Product samples
Quantity discounts
Sales tax or other charge
Credit card security
Forms or payment
Pre-order envelopes
About Our Products
Quality of products
Card stock invitations and announcements
Bow assembly / die-cut assembly
Laser/inkjet papers
Postage requirements
Catalog request
Manufacturers We Represent
Ordering Personalized / Imprinted Cards
Arrangement / lines of text
Proofs of personalized / printed orders
Printing
Ink color / fonts
Wording samples
Non-English text
Errors in printing
Ordering Blank Cards (You Print)
How to print
Shipping / Processing Time
Order processing information
Shipping transit time information
Shipping charges
Shipping to an international location
Shipping to an APO / FPO
Shipping to a P.O. box
Tracking your order
About Your Account
Order status
E-mail / password
About Us / Policies
Our company / our guarantee
Price matching
Cancellations
Return policy
Privacy / protecting our customers
Glossary of Terms / Symbols
Explanation
Symbols Found On Our Site
Explanation
How to Enable Cookies On Your Computer
Instructions
Top of Page
How to Get Help / Contact Us
Send us an e-mail
Send an e-mail to
. We respond to all e-mail inquiries the same business day.
Send us a fax
Send us a fax at 1-480-499-5447, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You
can also download our fax order form or
and we will e-mail or fax an order form to you. Click
here to download the FAX ORDER FORM in PDF form. You will need Adobe
Acrobat Reader to download and view this form.
Give us a call
Give us a call Monday-Friday, 8:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. Mountain Standard
Time, at 602-995-4888.
Our mailing address for any correspondence or returns is:
Impressions In Print
6833 N 21st Ave
Phoenix, Arizona 85215
Top of Page
Navigating Our Site
Locating Products
We have designed our site to help make your shopping experience as easy
and convenient as possible. You may browse our product categories by
using the NAVIGATION MENUS on the LEFT SIDE of your screen. You will
see that each category expands into additional categories of products.
You may also use the "Search by OCCASION" pull down menu
on the far right tool bar which will take you to the most frequently
shopped product categories.
In addition, you may use the "Search by KEYWORD" box on the
far right tool bar and enter any keyword to locate a product in our
site that corresponds with that keyword. Just as you would do a search
on any search engine.
If you are still not able to locate what you may be looking for, please
contact us via e-mail at
and we will be happy to assist in locating any type of product.
What does the orange
box mean in the site?
You may click any orange
throughout the site for additional explanation(s) about any section
in the site, as well as related site features. You will see a pop
up window with additional information and explanations.
Technical problems with the site
If you experience any technical problems with the site, first of all
we do apologize for the inconvenience. You can always download
the fax order form or
. Please try to let us know specifically what was occurring at the time
you experienced the problem. You can also place your order via telephone
at 602-995-4888.
Top of Page
How to Place An Order
Placing an order online
We prefer you try to place your order online through the site, as it
is the most efficient method to process your order. You will receive
an e-mail confirmation that your order was received. If
for some reason you DO NOT receive an e-mail confirmation, we may not
have received your order and please contact us via
so we may assist you. It is important to always give us an accurate
e-mail address that you use often and a valid phone number so we may
contact you if any problems arise with your order.
Placing a phone order
Our phone hours are Monday-Friday, 9:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. Mountain Standard
time and our phone number is 602-995-4888. We do encourage customers
to place their order online or via our fax
order form which can be downloaded or sent to you via
.
Placing a fax / mail order
You can fax in an order to us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and all
faxes are kept in a confidential and secure area to protect your credit
card and personal information. Our fax number is 480-499-5447.
You can download a fax
order form or e-mail us and we can e-mail or
fax a form to you.
You can also send your orders in via regular mail. You will need to download or receive
a fax order form via fax so you can mail in your order. We accept checks
and money orders, but we do need to receive your payment before we can
send out your order. If you have additional questions regarding sending
your order to us through the mail, please
us.
Product samples
Some products are available as samples for $3. Samples are sent via
first class mail. You will see a corresponding button on the purchase page if a product is available as a sample. If you
are unsure whether the product you are interested in is available as
a sample, please
and indicate your specific style number and address information. We
may be able to supply you with that particular sample indicated.
Quantity discounts
You will see that most card stock products are priced out to quantities
of 300 and paper to quantities of 1,000. Quantities above those shown
on the price grids are typically always available and we will ALWAYS
consider quantity discount pricing. Please
and indicate the style number/name of the product you are interested
in and the quantity you are seeking a discount on. We will always reply
the same business day and often within minutes after receipt of your
inquiry. Please note, there may be instances that the manufacturer may
not actually have the quantity you are seeking on hand, but we will
let you know if this is the case.
Sales tax or other charges
Currently we are required by the states of Arizona and California to
charge sales tax if billing address resides in Arizona and the shipping
address resides in California. More and more states are requiring collection
of sales tax for internet transactions and we may have to charge sales
tax for other states soon.
There are no other handling or hidden fees for any order or product,
other than what is clearly shown on the site for the price of the product
and the applicable shipping charge.
Credit card security
Your credit card transaction is secure and all credit card information
is transmitted to us via encrypted SSL technology, the most widely-used
and up-to-date technology available. Encrypted and secure pages are
depicted by “https” shown in the URL at the top of your
browser screen and you will be able to see a yellow padlock at the bottom
of your browser screen.
Forms of payment
We accept VISA, MASTERCARD, DISCOVER, AMERICAN EXPRESS, PERSONAL CHECK
AND MONEY ORDERS. We do not accept PAY PAL. Payment must be made prior
to shipment of your product. Exceptions for billing can possibly be
made for large corporate accounts with a guarantee of payment letter
submitted with the order.
Pre-ordering envelopes
Often with Birth/Adoption Announcement orders, customers prefer to have
their envelopes sent prior to the birth/adoption of their child so they
can be addressed early. This is a great idea! Most of the birth/adoption
announcements have a “pre-order” option shown during the
order process. If you do not see this option with the product you would
like to order, please
and we can further assist you.
For envelope pre-orders we send the envelopes out to you early and
the only charge incurred at the time of envelope shipment is a charge
for return address imprinting, if that option is chosen. We will then
set aside your announcement/adoption cards and when you are ready to
complete your order, you can provide the information to us via one of
the following methods and we will then charge for the balance of your
order. It is possible to place a pre-order for other categories on our
site also.
To complete your pre-order simply e-mail the order information to us
along with your last name or order number:
E-mail —
Fax — 1-480-499-5447
Phone — 602-995-4888
Top of Page
About Our Products
Quality of products
We pride ourselves on selling only premium quality cardstock, paper
and gift items. If there is ever a problem with the quality of a product
you have received through out site, please let us know immediately and
we will be happy to do anything possible to assist you.
Card stock invitations and announcements
The majority of the cardstock on the site is 80-lb. (the equivalent
weight of an index card) and is the finest quality paper you can find
anywhere. Some of the cards seen on our site are 65-lb., which is also
excellent quality. All of the laser paper seen on our site is 24-lb.
and better quality than a standard sheet of paper. For each card stock
style shown on our site, you will see symbols that provide additional
explanation about that product.
For all Card Stock styles on our site, envelopes are included in the
price of the card. Envelopes with the coordinating design on them are
not an additional charge.
Bow assembly / die-cut assembly
We typically do not assemble bows or die-cuts on the cards you order
without an extra charge. We do always try to assemble one card for you
as a demonstration. If you would like us to assemble your cards, please
contact us via
. Indicate the card style you are interested in and how many you will
need and we will quote you an assembly price. If a card requires customer
assembly, you will see a message on the product details page indicating
customer assembly is required.
Laser / inkjet papers
All of the laser/inkjet paper on our site is 24-lb. This is PREMIUM
quality paper and not office supply quality. The designs on the paper
are brightly printed and true in color to what is depicted on our site.
The laser/inkjet papers are sold separately from the coordinating envelopes
shown with each inkjet/laser paper style. The envelopes are considered
business size #10 and the paper is folded 2 times widthwise (as a tri-fold)
to fit inside the coordinating envelope.
Postage requirements
Currently all stationery products on our site require U.S. postal service
STANDARD postage, except for square 6” x 6” card stock styles.
The postal service does require a small amount of additional postage
(approximately $.12) as they are not able to automate the processing
of a square envelope. It is best to check with your local post office
to determine the appropriate amount of postage needed for your envelope
prior to purchasing your postage. If an item requires extra postage,
you will see a message on the product details page indicating this.
Catalog request
We do not offer a printed catalog as we are continually adding new products
to our site and a catalog would be out of date as soon as they are printed.
Top of Page
Ordering Personalized / Imprinted Cards
Arrangement / lines of text
We typically can fit any amount of wording (lines of text) that you
need on any card or paper, although thank you notes are typically printed
with 1 line of text. If a product accommodates only a limited amount
of text, this will be noted in the product’s description. Of course,
the more verbiage you would like printed, the smaller the type will
have to be. We will let you know ahead of time if we foresee any problems
with your personalized text upon receipt of your order.
We ask that you provide us with your personalized text on the online/fax
order form in the format you would like to see it. We will always use
professional judgment in arranging the text as centered or in the best
format available for the product you ordered. We will also correct spelling
or grammar errors. Be sure to always proofread your personalized text
before submitting your order to us.
Proofs of personalized / printed orders
You may receive a proof prior to printing AT NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE for
any personalized item on our site. Some items on our site actually REQUIRE
you approve a proof before the item will be printed. Each item on our
site will indicate whether a proof is required.
The proof will be scanned in color (for e-mail) or a faxed in black
and white and will be the actual card or paper you ordered with your
text formatted nicely.
If you are unsure whether your product requires a proof, simply make
a note in the comment section of the order form that you would like
a proof via fax or e-mail. We will then send a proof to you within 24
business hours (typically via e-mail) and you will need to reply with
your approval or changes via fax or e-mail. The proof will be in .JPG
format as an attachment and will come from us, Impressions In Print
with a message subject in the e-mail “proof attached-please reply”.
You will need to click on the attachment to view the proof. If you have
trouble viewing your proof, please contact us via
and we may be able to send you an additional proof in a revised format.
There may be a $5 charge per item for changes to the copy or font style
in your order if the change is made after you receive your initial proof.
In addition, if you cancel your order after you receive your initial
proof, we do reserve the right to charge a $25 cancellation fee. The
reason these charges exist, is due to the time and care involved in
handling and typesetting each personalized order. Again, if you have
questions about proofing your order, please
us and we will be happy to further assist you.
Printing
All printed text is printed with professional quality printers and is
“flat”. We do not provide thermographic “raised text”
printing at this time. We are unable to print any of your specified
text on the “back” side of any card, as the company logo/trademark
information is displayed on the back side corner of each product.
Color of ink / fonts
You typically will have a choice of 6 or more ink colors to choose from,
unless a specific product is only available with black ink for the text.
If this is the case, it will be noted in the product’s description.
Ink choice colors do vary by manufacturer and can be found on each product’s
ordering page by clicking on “view options” near the “select
a font color” drop down box on the ordering pages. Ink colors
can often be adjusted to more closely match the design of the product
you have ordered. Often suggested font colors will be shown for a product.
You will also have a choice of at least 20 different fonts. Font choices
do vary by manufacturer and can be found on each product’s ordering
page by clicking on “view options” near the “select
a font” drop down box on the ordering pages.
Wording samples
Any text you see on any card or paper on our site, is just an example
and all of our products are personalized with any text you create and
specify. Many products do have wording samples below the box where you
input the text you would like printed on your product. Look for “click
for wording ideas”.
You can also find a great selection of wording samples at www.verseit.com.
Non-English text
We have the ability to print non-English text. We will need you to transmit
the text to us in the format you would like it to be printed on your
card/paper. Then, we will e-mail or fax a proof to you within 24 hours
for your approval.
Please note: You will need to specify any accent marks or special character
markings that need to be included with your text. Also, not all fonts
support non-English characters. We will let you know upon receipt of
your order if there is a problem with the font you have chosen.
Errors in printing
We guarantee our work 100%. If there is an error in printing and it
is our fault, we will reprint your order—no questions asked and
at no additional charge.
If there is an error in printing because incorrect information was
provided to us at time of order or you had approved a proof of the order
and did not see the error, then we will reprint the order at a discounted
price.
Top of Page
Ordering Blank Products (You Print)
How to print
The majority of the card stock/paper items on our site are available
so you can imprint text with your home printer or local professional
printer. Any word processing program can be used to format your text,
but we do recommend either Corel Word Perfect, Microsoft Word or Adobe
Page Maker.
BLANK Card stock – Due to the weight and quality
of the card stock we sell, a relatively straight paper path is needed
in order to feed the paper through your printer. If a card has a die-cut
top, you will need to adjust your printer settings so the card is
fed through the printer “bottom first” or straight edge
first. Set your printer page size to the size of the card. Thank you
notes and note cards typically need to be flattened out before they
can be sent through your printer.
BLANK Laser/Inkjet papers – These are very easy to
print and basically will feed through any type paper path, straight
or curved. The paper size is the same as a standard 8.5” x 11”
sheet of paper.
BLANK Vellum Styles – This is a special type of waxy,
translucent paper and will not absorb printer ink. Preferably vellum
should be imprinted on a laser printer, but an inkjet printer set
on “light” ink output settings will print vellum fine.
You may possibly need to print the vellum one at a time and not allow
one sheet to lay on top of another for approximately 10-20 minutes
to allow the ink to dry.
BLANK Photo Cards – Photo cards are shipped folded
and totally blank inside so you can imprint your own text. Again,
you will need a relatively straight paper path to feed the photo cards
through your printer.
Top of Page
Shipping / Processing Time
Order processing time
Processing times for individual products on our site may vary. Every
product on our site will indicate in the “product description”
what the estimated order processing time is for that product. PLEASE
NOTE: ORDERING PROCESSING TIME IS IN ADDITION TO SHIPPING TRANSIT TIME.
Blank Products -1-2 Business Days - Typically blank products
(products not personalized/imprinted) are shipped from their respective
manufacturers in 1-2 business days and then shipping transit times
depend on where you are located in relation to that particular manufacturer
and the shipping method you chose.
If you would like more specific information on processing time for
the blank product you would like to order, please
and we would be happy to provide you with more specific order processing
information. Please let us know the product/style number and quantity
you are interested in when requesting additional information on processing
time. From time to time blank products can be out of stock, but
we will notify you immediately via e-mail if the product you ordered
is out of stock and when it will be available.
PLEASE NOTE: ORDERING PROCESSING TIME IS IN ADDITION TO SHIPPING
TRANSIT TIME.
Personalized/Imprinted Products – 2-7 Business Days
- The personalized product you would like order will have the estimated
order processing time noted in the “product description”
for that product. Shipping times are not included in the estimated
order processing time. Typically personalized orders are processed
in 2-5 business days and shipping transit times depend on where you
are located in relation to that particular manufacturer that is printing
the product and the shipping method you chose. Please note, order
processing times may vary depending on approval or proofs and if the
personalized product you ordered is out of stock.
If you would like more specific information on processing time for
the personalized product you would like to order, please send us an
and we would be happy to provide you with more specific order processing
information. Please let us know the product/style number and quantity
you are interested in when requesting additional information on processing
time.
A Rush Service- 24-36 Hours - is often available for an
additional $50 and a personalized order may ship within 24-36 hours
from receipt of order on a “RUSH” basis. A personalized
product typically cannot ship the same day the order is received.
Shipping transit times
PLEASE NOTE: SHIPPING TRANSIT TIME IS IN ADDITION TO ORDER PROCESSING
TIME.
Shipping Transit time estimates: Transit times to depend on your location
in relation to where the product is shipping from and the shipping method
you choose. These are estimates:
Standard Shipping – 2-7 Business days
Expedited Shipping – 2 Business days
Overnight Shipping – 1 Business day
(Transit time estimates are for the U.S. only and Business days = Weekdays
Monday-Friday)
Our products are shipped via one of the following methods U.S. Postal
Service Priority Mail, UPS Ground, UPS Blue (2 day), UPS Red (overnight),
Fed Ex 2 Day or Fed Ex Overnight. The carrier will depend on where your
product is shipping from and the shipping method you choose as noted
above.
For every product on our site, it is noted in the product’s description
where the product will be shipping from in order to assist you in choosing
the shipping transit time that may work best for you. In addition, you
can always
for more specific transit time information on the product you would
like to order. Be sure to note the product style name/number/quantity
and your city/state/zip code.
Shipping charges
Standard - $7.95 – weekday shipping/delivery
Expedited - $15.95 – weekday shipping/delivery
Express Weekday - $34.95 – weekday shipping/delivery
International - $30 and up
We offer flat rate shipping charges. The shipping charges typically
do not change regardless of the quantity of product you order or if
the product ships from multiple locations. (We do reserve the right
to make exceptions to this rule in certain circumstances.)
In addition, it is possible to request RUSH service on your order for
an additional $50. Please inquire with us if you would like a RUSH service
on your order.
Shipping to an international location
We can ship products outside of the U.S. Shipping charges and transit
times will vary depending on the size of your order and how soon you
need it to arrive. For any shipping location outside the U.S. (including
Canada), please E-MAIL and inquire on a
quoted shipping rate/transit time. Please be sure to indicate the style
name/number/quantity you are interested in and the location it will
be shipping to, city/state/country/zip code.
Shipping to an APO / FPO
It is no problem to ship to an APO/FPO and your order will be shipped
via Postal Service Priority Mail (Standard - $7.95) or Postal Service Express
Mail (Express - $34.95).
Shipping to a P.O. box
The majority of the products on our site cannot be shipped to a P O
Box. Please specify a physical street address. Please inquire if you
do need a P.O. Box delivery.
Tracking your order
When your order is shipped, we will update your order in our system
the same day it ships with the tracking number and an e-mail will automatically
be generated and sent out to you with the tracking information. The
e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address provided on your order.
Top of Page
About Your Account
Order status
You can log in to your account anytime via the e-mail address and password
used to set up your account. By logging in you can check status of pending
orders and view status of past orders in your account, along with tracking
numbers and ship dates.
E-mail / password
If your e-mail address changes, you will need to create a new account
with your new e-mail address and a password. If you forget your password,
go to MY ACCOUNT and click
on the link to have your password sent to you via-mail.
Top of Page
About Us / Policies
Our company / our guarantee
Our corporation was established in 1998 and our offices are located
in Phoenix, Arizona. We are a proud member of the Better
Business Bureau local and online chapters. Our goal is to provide
premium quality stationery products to customers, with exceptional customer
service at a reasonable price. Our company has previously been awarded
the “Best of Web” award for Web site design.
Price matching
If you see a product that we sell on competitor’s site for a
less price, let us know where you saw and we will beat their price….and
their service!
Cancellations
We do reserve the right to charge a $25 cancellation fee after a proof
of your order has been created, a special order item has been ordered
for you, or an order has been substantially processed. The reason these
charges exist, is due to the time and care involved in handling and
typesetting each order.
Return policy
We will not accept returns of printed/personalized products. We will
accept returns on blank products in resalable condition. To return you
item, please send it in a hard sided box and carefully packaged. Once
we have received your returned merchandise, we will issue a credit to
the credit card on the original order for the amount of the original
order/merchandise returned to us minus the shipping charges. We are unable to arrange pick up of
merchandise from you via shipping carriers or send out return labels.
Privacy / protecting our customers
We NEVER share customer information with any outside entities. All customer
information is kept strictly confidential and inaccessible to outside
parties.
By creating an account on our site, we do accept that as an admission
that you will permit us to send you e-mail promotions from time to time.
We will NEVER share your e-mail address with any outside parties and
if do not wish to receive e-mail from us, we will honor that request
without a problem.
Top of Page
Glossary of Terms / Symbols
Blank card stock/paper
Product shipped without text that you can imprint on your laser/inkjet
printer or have your local printer imprint for you.
Card stock
Typically the type of paper used for fine quality announcements and
invitations. Card stock is thick paper and can be available in a variety
of paper weights.
Coordinating item
A coordinating item on our site is an item that can be purchased in
addition to the primary item and has a similar design. Thank you notes
are typically coordinating items to invitations.
Die-cut
A cut out design. Typically at the top of an invitation or announcement
card. Also small card designs that are cut out and attached to a background
card with a small sticky foam square.
Embossed
When the paper surface is raised in a specific design and often color
is applied to the embossed portion of the card to make it stand out.
Fill-in card
Some text is already printed on the card and you can hand write your
specific date, time and place.
Flat printing
The form of personalized printing we offer in which ink is transferred
onto the card or paper as a flat image. Also known as “offset
printing.”
Font
A type style chosen for imprinting of text.
Font color
The color the text will be that is imprinted.
French envelope
Envelope that is typically 4.25” wide and 9.5” long. The
envelope flap opens on the short side.
Horizontal layout
When the text is arranged on the card or paper so the longer side of
the card or paper is at the top and bottom.
Included item
An included item will be sent with the card or paper and is also included
in the price of the card or paper, such as invitation card stock envelopes.
Note cards
Typically used as Thank You notes. Most note cards have a design on
the front, can often be printed with some short text on the front and
are blank inside. Note cards are typically folded.
Marriage announcement
An announcement sent to family and friends after a wedding ceremony
has already taken place.
Mylar
A thick, clear and glossy type of paper.
Personalized card stock/paper
Products that are imprinted with text you specify and we print the text
for you.
Petite card
Typically a smaller announcement/invitation card that can accommodate
a limited amount of text.
Photo cards
Greeting cards that are blank inside, have a pre-printed greeting inside
or can be imprinted with a greeting you create (personalized). The photo
cards typically accommodate a 4” x 6” photo that is attached
to the front of the card with photo tape.
Pocket card
A card that has a pocket design to accommodate another card piece. Typically
vellum is imprinted and inserted into the card stock pocket portion
of the card.
Pre-order
When you would like to receive your envelopes early for addressing,
you can use the pre-order option. Items can also be pre-ordered and
set aside for you and then shipped when you are ready.
Proof
A color scan of a card or paper you order with your text formatted on
the card or paper. A proof can also be sent to you via fax.
Reception cards
Included with invitations to indicate to guests where a reception will
be held after a ceremony or event. These are typically mailed out in
the same envelope as the invitation.
Raised printing
Also known as “thermographic printing” in which the ink
is raised. This form of printing is typically used for very formal invitations
and is a more expensive process.
Regrets only
When you expect your guests to respond only if they are not planning
to attend.
Response cards
Also know as Reply Card or RSVP card. The card is printed with a reply
date and a line for your guest to indicate their name and how many persons
will or will not attend. May also be used to indicate your guest’s
choice of entrée. An address you specify will also be printed
on the front of the response card envelope.
Return address
A name and address in printed typically on the back flap on the envelope.
RSVP
Formally this means “The favor of your reply is requested.”
By indicating an RSVP you are implying your expect your guest to respond
with they will be able to attend or not attend.
Save the date
An announcement to your guests of an upcoming event so they will have
ample time to make plans to attend. An invitation will typically follow.
Suggested item
An item similar to one that is viewed or purchased that should also
be considered.
Swivel
A two-piece card in which the card pieces are assembled with a metal
colored swivel brad.
Vellum
A waxy, translucent type of paper that typically also has a design on
it.
Vertical layout
When the text is arranged on the card or paper so the shorter side of
the card or paper is at the top and bottom.
Top of Page
Symbols Found On Our Site
Help
You may click any instance of this throughout the site for additional
explanation(s) about any section in the site, as well as related
site feature(s). You will see a pop up window with additional information
and explanations.
Paper style
Flat — single sided card or paper – text
is printed on one side
Folded — fold over style (most thank you notes,
most photo cards)
Tri-Fold — card or paper that is scored to fold
as a tri-fold – folds 2 times
Vellum — translucent waxy paper
Paper weight
Most of the card stock on our site is 80-lb. and some are 65-lb.
Note that 80-lb. cardstock is similar to the weight of an index
card and is the best quality you can find. All laser/inkjet paper
on our site is 24-lb. This is premium quality paper and much better
than a standard sheet of paper.
Paper size
Size is shown as width x height. If an item is a fold-over or tri-fold,
paper size shown is the size of the item in its folded form.
Envelope*
Envelopes are available in any one of the following styles:
Coordinating Design — Design on front &
back of envelope that coordinates with the card stock or paper
Solid Color — all one color as noted
*All envelopes are included in the price of the card
EXCEPT for laser/inkjet paper and their coordinating envelopes,
which are priced separately.
Postage
Postal regulations require square envelopes to be hand processed.
Therefore, any 6” x 6” styles on the site DO require
additional postage in addition to the standard postage rate. Currently
the additional postage is approximately $.12. Please check with
your local post office to verify the required amount of postage
for your square envelopes.
Assembly required
A few items that are available with bows or die-cuts do require
customer assembly. Assembly is very easy and we always do the first
one for you as an example. We may be able to assemble your product
for an additional charge.
Special order
This item may need to be ordered from the manufacturer (if ordering personalized) and will typically take
2-3 business days to receive a proof however the total processing time for the order is still 4-7 business
days (not including shipping time).
You will receive an email notification giving you more specifics
regarding the order processing timeline once the order has been placed.
This may include additional
delivery time for the item if it is being ordered from the manufacturer, if you do not receive an email
update once the order is placed we most likely have the item readily available and you can expect a proof
in the normal 24-48 business hours. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns related to this
item via the phone at 602-995-4888. Please note that this DOES NOT mean the
item is out of stock and we will do our best to get the order to you as quickly as possible.
A special order
item may be subject to a cancellation fee.
Proof required
This indicates you will be required to approve a proof of your personalized
product before it will ship to you. Proofs are typically sent to
the e-mail address on your order within 24 business hours. Proofs
will be sent via e-mail in color with your text printed on the card
or paper or via fax in black and white. It is very important that
you reply back to us with your approval or changes promptly so your
order can be printed and shipped.
Top of Page
How to Enable Cookies On Your Computer
To enable cookies, follow the instructions below for the browser & version you are using.
Windows IE 6.x
Select Tools
Select Internet Options
Select the Privacy tab.
Select Advanced
Deselect override automatic cookie handling button
Click on the OK button at the bottom of the screen.
Click OK to exit
Windows IE 5.x
Go to Tools on the menu bar
Pick Internet Options
Click the Security tab
Select the Custom Level tab
Under "Allow Cookies that are stored on your computer" click "Enable"
Under "Allow per-session cookies (not stored)" click "Enable"
Select OK, Yes you want to save the settings
Windows IE 4.x
Go to View on the menu bar
Pick Internet Options
Click the Advanced tab
Go down to the Cookies section
Click "Always Accept Cookies"
Click OK
Windows IE 3.x
Go to View on the menu bar
Pick Options
Click the Advanced tab
Go down to the Cookies section
Click "Warn Before Accept Cookies"
Click OK
Mozilla Firefox (1.0 final release and earlier)
Go to the "Tools" menu. Select "Options". Select the "Privacy" icon in the left panel. Check the box corresponding to "Allow sites to set cookies".
Click "OK" to save changes.
AOL 9.0
From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings.
Select Internet [Web] Options
Select Use your Internet Explorer Settings to set advanced browser options.
Select the Privacy tab
Select Advanced
Deselect override automatic cookie handling button
Click OK to exit.
AOL 8.0
From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings.
Select Preferences
Select Internet Properties (WWW)
Select the Privacy tab
Select Advanced
Deselect override automatic cookie handling button
Click OK to exit.
AOL 7.0 with IE 6.x
From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings.
Select Preferences
Select Internet Properties (WWW)
Select the Privacy tab
Select Advanced
Deselect override automatic cookie handling button
Click OK to exit.
AOL 7.0 with IE 5.5
From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings.
Select Preferences
Select Internet Properties (WWW)
Select the Security tab
Select the Custom Level tab
Under "Allow Cookies that are stored on your computer" click "Enable"
Under "Allow per-session cookies (not stored)" click "Enable"
Select OK, Yes you want to save the settings
AOL 6.0
From the AOL Toolbar, select Settings
Select Preferences
Select Internet Properties (WWW)
Select the Security tab
Select the Custom Level tab
Under "Allow Cookies that are stored on your computer" click "Enable"
Under "Allow per-session cookies (not stored)" click "Enable"
Select OK, Yes you want to save the settings
AOL 5.0
Go to My AOL
Pick WWW
Click the Security tab
Go to Custom Level
Scroll down to find Cookie
Click "Enable"
Click OK
AOL 4.0
Click on Preferences
Select on the WWW button
Click on the Advanced tab
Select the "Accept all cookies" checkbox
AOL for Windows 3.1
Browser does not give you the ability to turn off cookie
Netscape 7.x
Click Edit on the Toolbar.
Click Preferences
Click the Privacy and Security category; expand the list to show the subcategories.
Click Cookies
Three options are displayed. Click the appropriate choice:
Disable cookies
Enable cookies for the originating web site only
Enable all cookies
If you want to be notified when a web site tries to set a cookie, select "Warn me before accepting a cookie."
Netscape 6.x
Click Edit on the Toolbar.
Click Preferences
Click the Privacy and Security category; expand the list to show the subcategories.
Click Cookies
Three options are displayed. Click the appropriate choice:
Disable cookies
Enable cookies for the originating web site only
Enable all cookies
If you want to be notified when a web site tries to set a cookie, select "Warn me before accepting a cookie.
Netscape 4.x
Go to Edit on the menu bar
Pick Preferences
Go to the Advanced option on the Category menu
Click the check box next to "Accept All Cookies"
Click OK
Netscape 3.x Clients
Go to Options on the menu bar
Pick Network Preferences
Click the Languages tab
Click the checkbox next to "Enable Java"
Click OK
Mac IE 5.x
Click Edit
Select Preferences
Under the Receiving Files option, select Cookies
Under "When receiving cookies:" select the desired level of cookie acceptance
Under "When receiving cookies:" select the desired level of cookie acceptance
Click OK to finish
Mac IE 4.x
Go to My AOL on the menu bar
Pick WWW
Go to the Advanced Settings option on the Category menu
Click "Cookies"
When receiving cookies: Click "Never Ask"
Click OK
For further instructions on how to change your cookies settings, please use your browser's HELP documentation to make the appropriate changes.
Source taken from http://webmaster.info.aol.com/cookieguide.html
Top of Page
Still have questions?
Send us an
Customer Service
Help Center
Contact Us
Resources
FAQ
Site Map
602-995-4888
Product Categories
Invitations
Holiday & Seasonal
Stationary & Notecards
Babies & Children
Wedding & Bridal
Corporate
Gifts & Tableware
Order Information
My Account
View Cart
Wish List
Customer Interaction
Our Blog
Feedback
Friend us on Facebook
Join Our Mailing List
Send Page to a Friend
About Us
About Impressions In Print
Customer Comments
Copyright © 2002-2012 Impressions In Print, LLC
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.